SHOP MOBILE SITE SEND US TIPS JOIN LOG IN Search all All News Features Blogs Forums CATEGORIES Reviews News Blogs Images Shop COMPONENTS All Components Recent additions: AMD Ryzen 5 1600X And 1500X Processor Review: Affordable Zen Takes On Core i5 AMD Ryzen Game Optimization Begins: Ashes Of The Singularity Patched And Tested Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Benchmark First Look, A Mobile Powerhouse Emerges Processors Recent additions: AMD Ryzen 5 1600X And 1500X Processor Review: Affordable Zen Takes On Core i5 AMD Ryzen Game Optimization Begins: Ashes Of The Singularity Patched And Tested Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Benchmark First Look, A Mobile Powerhouse Emerges Graphics/Sound Recent additions: EVGA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti SC2 GAMING Review: Dialing-In On Performance NVIDIA Volta-Powered DGX-1 And DGX Station AI Supercomputers Debut At GTC 2017 MSI GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Gaming X 11G Review: Blazing-Fast And Custom Cooled Motherboards Recent additions: AMD Announces X300 And X370 AM4 Motherboards For Ryzen Processors, All Chips Unlocked Gigabyte Z170X-Designare Motherboard Review: Affordable, High-Tech, Great Performance Rivet Networks Killer E2500 Gigabit Ethernet For Gamers With Advanced QoS Tested Storage Recent additions: Micron 5100 ECO and MAX SSD Review: High-Capacity, Affordable Datacenter Storage Intel Optane Memory With 3D XPoint Review: Easy, Robust PC Acceleration Samsung EVO Plus microSDXC 128GB Card Rips File Transfers Up To 100MB/s Misc Recent additions: Hykso Punch Trackers Review: Boxing Meets Wearable Technology Netgear Nighthawk X10 Wireless AD7200 Router Review [Updated] The Best Of CES 2017 SYSTEMS All Systems Recent additions: Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big Gaming Performance In A Small Package Maingear Vybe Review: Dual GTX 1070s And Kaby Lake Cranked To 5GHz The Best Of CES 2017 Desktops Recent additions: Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big Gaming Performance In A Small Package Maingear Vybe Review: Dual GTX 1070s And Kaby Lake Cranked To 5GHz Dell XPS 27 (7760) All-In-One Desktop Review: 4K Touch And Wired For Sound DIY Recent additions: Gigabyte Brix S GB-BSi5HT-6200 Ultra Compact SFF PC Review New Matter MOD-t 3D Printer Review: Low Cost, User-Friendly Creation AMD Powered Star Wars Battlefront Radeon 380X-Powered Gaming PC Build Small Form Factor Recent additions: Lenovo Annouces ThinkStation P320 Workstations With Kaby Lake And Quadro Graphics For VR Developers Gigabyte BRIX Gaming UHD Review With Teardown And Rebuild Action Intel Compute Stick Core m3 Review: Skylake On A Thumbstick IT/ENTERPRISE All IT/Enterprise Recent additions: AMD Naples Zen Platform Makes ‘EPYC’ Debut For Data Center Market Intel Announces Xeon Scalable Processor Family Based On Skylake-SP Toshiba's Non-Encrypted HK4 SSDs Now Shipping In High Performance NetApp SolidFire Data Center Products Workstation Recent additions: Aquantia Launches Multi-Gigabit NICs For Enthusiast-Class PCs and Professional Workstations Intel Kaby Lake Xeon E3-1200 Family Takes Flight Lenovo Annouces ThinkStation P320 Workstations With Kaby Lake And Quadro Graphics For VR Developers Data Center/SMB Recent additions: AMD Naples Zen Platform Makes ‘EPYC’ Debut For Data Center Market Intel Announces Xeon Scalable Processor Family Based On Skylake-SP Toshiba's Non-Encrypted HK4 SSDs Now Shipping In High Performance NetApp SolidFire Data Center Products Cloud Recent additions: Microsoft Legal Marijuana Tracking Software Has A Serious Case Of The Munchies ProtectWise Builds Security As A Service Platform With DVR Playback And Jacks You Into The Matrix NVIDIA Launches GeForce NOW Game Streaming Service Software Recent additions: Microsoft CodePlex Open Source Repository Closing, Devs Urged To Embrace Github Microsoft Rolls Out Wake On LAN For Easier Remote Windows 10 Updates Google Chrome For macOS Gains Enhanced Safe Browsing Malware Protection MOBILE All Mobile Recent additions: Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review: Optimized Mobility Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium Android Productivity And Entertainment HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Notebooks Recent additions: Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review: Optimized Mobility HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming Review: Great Battery Life, Strong Performance, Affordable Price Smartphones Recent additions: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: Android Excellence In Performance And Design LG G6 Review: Design Elegance And Efficiency A Winning Combination Australian Regulators Sue Apple Over Fatal Error 53 Bricking Of Repaired iPhones Tablets Recent additions: Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium Android Productivity And Entertainment HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Dell XPS 13 2-In-1 Review - Portable And Flexible Living On The Infinity Edge Gadgets Recent additions: GoPro Fusion Spherical 360 Degree VR 5.2K Camera Launching 2H 2017 Hykso Punch Trackers Review: Boxing Meets Wearable Technology Amazfit Pace GPS Smartwatch Review: Sleek, Attractive, And Great Battery Life LEISURE All Leisure Recent additions: Sole Surviving Nintendo PlayStation Rare Prototype Is Now Fully Functional Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Razer Lancehead eSports Gaming Mouse Promises Unmatched Wireless Performance Entertainment Recent additions: Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Google Launches $35/Month YouTube TV Streaming Service For Discerning Cord Cutters NVIDIA SHIELD TV (2017) Review: Smart Home, 4K HDR, And Game Streaming Gaming Recent additions: Sole Surviving Nintendo PlayStation Rare Prototype Is Now Fully Functional Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Razer Lancehead eSports Gaming Mouse Promises Unmatched Wireless Performance Social Recent additions: Tinder Users Outaged As Machine Learning App Scrapes And Exposes 40,000 Profile Photos Merriam-Webster Adds ‘Sheeple’ To Dictionary Citing Apple Fans As Prime Examples Twitter Getting Rid Of The Default Egg Profile Picture That Has A Bad Actor Reputation VIDEOS All videos 2.5 Geeks Reviews/How Tos FORUMS BLOGS Shop Subscribe TRENDING: Vega AMD ThreadRipper AMD EPYC Microsoft Surface Radeon RX 580 Samsung Galaxy S8 home Components Processors by Dave Altavilla — Friday, January 27, 2017 Benchmarking Intel Kaby Lake-Y With Dell's XPS 13 2-in-1 Article Index:    Intel Kaby Lake-Y: 4.5 Watts With 7 Watts TDP-Up For Performance Bursts Intel Kaby Lake-Y Graphics And Gaming Performance Intel Kaby Lake-Y: 4.5 Watts With 7 Watts TDP-Up For Performance Bursts Intel has been gradually rolling out its 7th generation Kaby Lake-based Core series processors for an array of computing platforms, from desktops to notebooks and 2-in-1 hybrid devices. We've shown you what Kaby Lake can do for enthusiast and gamer desktop platforms. We've even recently explored optimizing its price/performance ratio through overclocking, and of course, Kaby Lake notebooks led Intel's charge starting in the summer of last year. What we haven't gotten a chance to look at yet is Intel's lowest powered Kaby Lake variant, known as Kaby Lake-Y. Kaby Lake-Y is the the 4.5 - 7 Watt family of processors intended for thin and light, fanless 2-in-1 devices. Fortunately, since this little fella just showed up, we now can offer you a view of performance with the complete Kaby Lake family lineage, at least as it currently exists today...  Dell's XPS 13 2-in-1 - Review In Progress - A Super-Svelte Beauty That's the XPS 13 2-in-1, a 2.7 pound, thinner and lighter version of Dell's venerable 13-inch premium notebook, now with a 360-degree hinge. It also has a smaller 45 Whr battery versus the standard XPS 13's 60 Whr power plant. However, it shares lots of common design features, like the same gorgeous 400-nits 13.3" Infinity Edge display, a PCI Express Solid State Drive, and tasty carbon fiber composite and machined aluminum construction.  However, in what some might consider a bold move for an "XPS" branded product, Dell elected to go with Intel's low power Kaby Lake-Y series of processors, versus the traditional U series commonly found in premium thin notebook designs. Dell did work significant optimizations into the design though, taking advantage of Kaby Lake's TDP-up feature that allow the 4.5 Watt processor to boost higher in Dynamic Power Mode to a 7 Watt power envelope. In addition, Dell took that capability a step further and engineered the XPS 13 2-In-1 to be able to boost to a 9 Watt TDP for short bursts, with a healthy 3.6GHz top end clock speed. Above is a shot of the full Intel Kaby Lake lineage, though what you don't see here is what Intel typically introduces a year or so down the road from initial launch, which are the big iron E-series chips, as the company rolled out fairly recently with Broadwell-E and eventually will for Skylake-E. What we're looking at today is what Kaby Lake can do in its most power-optimized incarnation in the Y-Series family, which is designed for 2-in-1 convertible machines, which are often fanless designs, like Dell's new XPS 13 2-in-1. What Dell sent us was a carefully selected setup with the following specs: XPS 13 2-In-1 Model 9365 Core i7-7Y75 with 4MB Cache, Up To 3.6GHz 8GB LPDDR3-1866MHz 256GB PCIe SSD 1920x1080 FHD Touch Display MSRP $1299 (As tested, starting at $999) That Core i7-7Y75 is the top-end Kaby Lake-Y CPU Intel has to offer currently and Dell pushes it even further in the XPS 13 2-In-1's design to a 9 Watt peak power envelope. We would be remiss if we didn't point out that, yes, Intel has done away almost completely with the "Core m" moniker with Kaby Lake, choosing instead to denote the series in the root of the model number, like it does with the U series (as in Core i7-7Y75). However, the company does list lower-end Core m3 variants of Kaby Lake as such, while i5 and i7 higher-end SKUs are only distinguishable with the Y in the root of the model number. Clear as mud right?  Regardless, here's a quick peek, ahead of our soon-to-be-published full review, of what this new machine can do and what the fastest Kaby Lake-Y setup you can likely buy today can offer in terms of comparable performance.  In these two tests, we see the Dell XPS 13 2-In-1, along with its goosed-up Kaby Lake Core i7-7Y75 chip, take on the likes of full fledged Kaby Lake U series chips like the Core i7-7500U in the standard Dell XPS 13 and ASUS ZenBook 3. As you can see, this new Dell machine hangs with its U-series counterparts just fine, in a virtual dead-heat in SunSpider and a respectable top 3 showing in PCMark 8. In PCMark, the Core i7-7Y75 does line up more akin to last generation Haswell-U 6th generation processors, like the Core i7-6500U and Core i5-6200U, but it's not far behind Kaby Lake U in this test. NEXT PAGE Article Index:    Intel Kaby Lake-Y: 4.5 Watts With 7 Watts TDP-Up For Performance Bursts Intel Kaby Lake-Y Graphics And Gaming Performance Tags:  Intel, Dell, XPS, (NASDAQ:INTC), kaby lake, xps 13 2-in-1 Image gallery Related content Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review: Optimized Mobility Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium Android Productivity And Entertainment HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: Android Excellence In Performance And Design AMD Ryzen 5 1600X And 1500X Processor Review: Affordable Zen Takes On Core i5 Comments Show comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Follow Us: Twitter Facebook RSS Email YouTube AppStore Google+ 85K 9K 4K 25K CONVERSATIONS Monster Intel 12-Core i9-7920X Leaked...34 AMD Radeon Vega Frontier Edition...20 AMD 16-Core ThreadRipper Enthusiast CPUs...11 Aquantia Launches Multi-Gigabit NICs For...11 Intel Kills Rumors Of ‘Confirmed’ GPU...11 AMD Ryzen 9 Threadripper Enthusiast CPU...10 Security Researcher Temporarily Stops...9 FEATURED Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review:... Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium... EVGA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti SC2 GAMING... Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big... MSI GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Gaming X 11G... Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice... Micron 5100 ECO and MAX SSD Review:... FAVORITES 6 TB Hard Drive Round-Up: WD Red, WD...781k Intel Core i7-6700K And Z170 Chipset...634k Intel SSD 750 Series PCIe SSD Review:...574k Dell XPS 13 (2015) Ultrabook Review,...549k AMD Ryzen Review: Ryzen 7 1800X, 1700X,...525k Alienware X51 R3 Review: Console-Sized...520k Alienware Area 51: Triad, Tri-SLI GTX...445k Getting A GeForce GTX 1080 Ti? Absolutely! No thanks Current NVIDIA card Current AMD card Vega for me Next GeForce please More Results MORE HOT STUFF IN COMPONENTS Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review:... Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium... HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile,... Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: Android... AMD Ryzen 5 1600X And 1500X Processor... LG G6 Review: Design Elegance And... Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming Review:... Follow @HotHardware SITE Home Reviews News Blogs Images Mobile Site Sitemap CATEGORIES Components Systems IT/Enterprise Mobile Leisure Videos COMPANY About Advertise News Tips Contact MORE Forums Shop STAY CONNECTED Twitter Facebook Google + YouTube Feedburner This site is intended for informational and entertainment purposes only. The contents are the views and opinion of the author and/or his associates. All products and trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Reproduction in whole or in part, in any form or medium, without express written permission of HotHardware.com, LLC. is prohibited. All content and graphical elements are Copyright © 1999 - 2017 David Altavilla and HotHardware.com, LLC. All rights reserved. Privacy and Terms Subscribe to HH News Alerts! Preview Email Address
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Epigenetics takes center stage with this years Addiction Science Awards Printer-friendly version NIDA announces awardees at the 2017 Intel International Science and Engineering Fair. First place winner of the 2017 Addiction Science Award (L to R): Judges Drs. Eric Hayden and Chris Evans, 1st place winner Anusha Zaman, and Judge Dr. Mitchell Wong A project applying the science of epigenetics to demonstrate the health dangers of hookah smoke won a first-place Addiction Science Award at the 2017 Intel International Science and Engineering Fair (ISEF) — the world’s largest science competition for high school students. The awards are coordinated by the National Institute on Drug Abuse (NIDA), part of the National Institutes of Health, and Friends of NIDA, a coalition that supports NIDA’s mission. The Intel ISEF Addiction Science Awards were presented at a ceremony Thursday night at the downtown Convention Center in Los Angeles. The first and second place awards went to students using epigenetics—how the environment can change gene expression. First place went to 16-year-old Anusha Zaman from the Baton Rouge Magnet High School in Louisiana, for her project, Epigenetic and Biotransformation Effects of Hookah Smoke Extract on Human Oral Keratinocytes. The high school sophomore analyzed the effect of wet and dry hookah smoke extracts on epithelial cells taken from inside human mouths. She discovered that hookah smoke induces potentially detrimental cellular responses relevant to inflammation and cancer. Her findings suggest that hookah smoke produces adverse health effects similar to those produced by cigarette smoke. The second place award went to Nkima Stephenson from Conyers, Georgia, for her project, Data Analysis of the Epigenetics of Drug and Alcohol Dependence. The 18-year-old senior from the Rockdale Magnet School for Science and Technology used the GeneWeaver database, which allows a functional analysis across multiple species through homology mapping. Using both human and rodent data, she compared data sets containing genes directly related to alcohol exposure, to sets containing genes modified by environmental influences, but also related to alcohol exposure. In doing so, she identified genetic and environmental factors that could signify a predisposition to addiction. Thanks to her work, the database now contains a more extensive collection of information that could be useful to other researchers studying substance use disorders.  “We are delighted that these students are discovering the potential of epigenetic research to study the effects of drugs on our brain and our body, including those that result in addiction,” said NIDA Director Nora D. Volkow, M.D. Third place went to Kashfia Rahman from Brookings High School in Brookings, South Dakota for her project The Dynamics of Habituation: A Neural Study of the Effects of Repeated Exposures to Risky Behaviors on Cognitive Control and Emotional Responses in the Adolescent Brain. The 17-year-old junior used a comprehensive series of measures to test the process of habituation, where the perception of risk decreases incrementally each time the teen is exposed to a decision about a dangerous behavior. She tested many components of risky behaviors and in some subjects even used a portable EEG technology to measure emotional responses. She concluded that repeated risky exposures can desensitize associated negative responses, explaining why teens take risks when they know a behavior is dangerous.  The Friends of NIDA provides funding for the awards as part of its ongoing support of research into the causes, consequences, prevention, and treatment of drug abuse and addiction. “It is impressive to see so many high-quality projects related to addiction science this year,” said William Dewey, Ph.D., president and chair of the Executive Committee, Friends of NIDA, as well as the Louis S. and Ruth S. Harris Professor and chair, Department of Pharmacology and Toxicology, Virginia Commonwealth University, Richmond. “In fact, to recognize as many of these young scientists as possible, we took the unusual step of awarding three Honorable Mentions this year.” Honorable Mentions were awarded to 18-year-old Anuj Gupta from Roslyn High School in Roslyn Heights, New York for Do Parents Really Know Best? Investigating the Relationship between Perceived Parental Goals and Academic Factors; Dilge Kocabas (age 17) and Dilara Alev Ortel (age 19) from the Takev Fen Lisesi School in Izmir Narlidere, Turkey for Illegal Substance Biodetectives: Apta-Liposomes; and 15-year-old Caleb Martonfi from Tuscumbia High School in Tuscumbia, Missouri for And the Winner Is…Developing a Computer Program to Investigate Neural Competition with Multimodal Stimuli. In referring to all of the awardees, Dr. Volkow commented, “It’s very gratifying to see the creative contributions that these young researchers are already making to the science of drugs and substance use disorders, including the factors that might underlie vulnerability for drug-taking.” Judges for this year’s Addiction Science Awards included three NIDA grantees from the University of California at Los Angeles (UCLA): Drs. Chris Evans, Vivek Shetty, and Mitchell Wong, as well as UCLA neuroscientist Dr. Eric Hayden. This year, about 1,800 students from more than 75 countries, regions and territories participated in the Intel ISEF competition, coordinated by the Society for Science and the Public. The nonprofit organization partners with Intel—along with dozens of other corporate, academic, government and science-focused sponsors — to provide support and awards each year. Addiction Science winners receive cash awards provided by individual scientists in the field through Friends of NIDA, with a $2,500 scholarship for the first-place honoree, $1,500 for second place and $1,000 for the third-place distinction. NIDA has developed a special section on its website, which includes other resources on addiction science, to highlight the winning projects and to help science fair entrants understand the criteria for the awards: The NIDA Science Fair Award for Addiction Science. About the National Institute on Drug Abuse (NIDA): The National Institute on Drug Abuse (NIDA) is a component of the National Institutes of Health, U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. NIDA supports most of the world’s research on the health aspects of drug use and addiction. The Institute carries out a large variety of programs to inform policy, improve practice, and advance addiction science. Fact sheets on the health effects of drugs and information on NIDA research and other activities can be found at www.drugabuse.gov, which is now compatible with your smartphone, iPad or tablet. To order publications in English or Spanish, call NIDA’s DrugPubs research dissemination center at 1-877-NIDA-NIH or 240-645-0228 (TDD) or email requests to drugpubs@nida.nih.gov. Online ordering is available at drugpubs.drugabuse.gov. NIDA’s media guide can be found at www.drugabuse.gov/publications/media-guide/dear-journalist, and its easy-to-read website can be found at www.easyread.drugabuse.gov. You can follow NIDA on and . About the National Institutes of Health (NIH): NIH, the nation’s medical research agency, includes 27 Institutes and Centers and is a component of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. NIH is the primary federal agency conducting and supporting basic, clinical, and translational medical research, and is investigating the causes, treatments, and cures for both common and rare diseases. For more information about NIH and its programs, visit www.nih.gov. Copy this html code to your website/blog to embed this press release. <br />
<a href=”http://www.pressreleasepoint.com/epigenetics-takes-center-stage-years-addiction-science-awards” class=”active”>Epigenetics takes center stage with this years Addiction Science Awards</a><br />
 CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious NJ Man Walks from Princeton to San Francisco to Raise Awareness of Global Water Crisis Next PostNext CELADON SHAREHOLDER ALERT by Former Louisiana Attorney General: Kahn Swick & Foti, LLC Reminds Investors with Losses In Excess of $100,000 of Lead Plaintiff Deadline in Class Action Lawsuit Against Celadon Group Inc. – (CGI) Search Recent Posts Artificial Intelligence and Robotics at Smart Airport Construction Market to Grow at 9.71% CAGR to 2021 Global Food Diagnostics Systems Market to Observe High Growth by 2016-2024 Global Food Encapsulation Market Share Will Expand Till 2016-2024 Global Commercial Vehicle Pedestrian Protection Systems (PPS) Market to Grow at a CAGR of 7.36% During the Period 2017-2021 Global Food Glazing Agents Market to Record High Demand by 2016-2024 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
REGISTER | LOGIN PROFILE | LOGOUT Sign Up / Sign In {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign In Welcome Back {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Use another account Registration Please confirm the information below before signing in. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* emailAddress *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* displayName *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* addressCountry *} {* companyName *} {* eetimesJobfunction *} {* jobFunctionOther *} {* eetimesIndustry *} {* industryOther *} {* optInRegistration *} {* optAgree *} {* optShare *} {* siteName *} {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Thank You for Registering Please wait you will be redirected shortly. Create New Password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create New Password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below, and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Sign in Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Sign in Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Sign in Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email below, and we'll send you another email. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close About Us Home News Opinion Messages Authors Video Slideshows Teardown Education EELife Android Automotive Embedded Industrial Control Internet of Things MCU Medical Memory Open Source PCB Planet Analog Power Management Programmable Logic Prototyping SoC Test & Measurement Wireless & Networking Big Data Breaking News NEWS & ANALYSIS: Record Wafer Shipments Continue NEWS & ANALYSIS: Google Revs Faster TPU NEWS & ANALYSIS: Arbitration Could Delay Toshiba NAND Sale NEWS & ANALYSIS: 'Supercomputer-as-a-Service' Model is Born NEWS & ANALYSIS: Samsung Spinoff Likely to Grab Foundry Share SPONSORED: Why Bluetooth Audio Matters for Wireless Applications? News & Analysis Intel Sees Robo-car As Data Flow Issue Junko Yoshida 5/19/2017 05:21 PM EDT Post a comment NO RATINGS Login to Rate Tweet MADISON, Wis. – Car companies rarely discuss behind-the-scene development work on their autonomous vehicles. The notable exception to this rule is CPU giant Intel, which styles itself as a “data company” and sees the challenges of autonomous driving as problems of data flow. In developing highly automated vehicles, Intel focuses on overseeing and analyzing how data -- once captured by test vehicles -- is ingested, sorted out, learned and simulated at data centers. Intel hopes that this sort of granular knowledge will help determine how best to process data inside a cars. Intel's Jack Weast EE Times recently interviewed Jack Weast, Intel’s chief architect of Autonomous Driving Solutions. We discussed the exploding volume of data collected by autonomous cars, and how the data glut is actually being processed –  at data centers and inside vehicles. Recently, Intel has been warning about “the coming flood of data in autonomous vehicles.” It estimates that an autonomous car could generate as much as 4 terabytes per 1.5 hours on the road. So, is Intel saying that every autonomous car roboting around in 2021 will be collecting, storing and uploading that much data? Not quite. “Let us first explain autonomous vehicle data processing by separating what’s happening during development phase from deployment,” said Weast. Intel clarified that four terabytes per 1.5 hours is an estimate of how much data a training test vehicle would collect during the development phase of autonomous driving. Assuming the test vehicle drives four to five hours per day, it will end up collecting “tens of terabytes of data,” said Weast, “which is stored in a hard disk drive inside the test vehicle.” At this point, no filters or processing are applied to collected data. Everything captured is stored in HDD for later analysis. Intel talks about 4 TB data generated by a test vehicle per 1.5 hours Click here for larger image Certainly data in terabyte chunks is too huge for wireless transmission to a data center. Instead, “We would physically take the HDD out of a vehicle and bring it over to a data center,” Weast. Data center architecture matters Once at the data center, the next step is important, he noted, “Because this is where the data center architecture matters.” There are five different processing stages at a data center, according to Weast. Next page: 5 stages of data processing Email This Print Comment Page 1 / 3 Next > More Related Links Quantum Computing Uses Standard Hardware Waymo-Lyft Tie Opens Door to 5 Questions V2X Pits Safety v. Spectrum Toyota Selects Nvidia, Intel Feels Heat Future Cars Face Terabyte Memory Load Comments View Comments: Newest First | Oldest First | Threaded View [close this box] Be the first to post a comment regarding this story. Most Recent Comments                 5/19/2017 9:11:20 PM resistion 3D NAND is TLC, so its reliability is pretty terrible (retention, endurance). 3D XPoint's main advantage is speed (faster than flash but slower than DRAM) but its 3D stacking... 5/19/2017 9:11:20 PM resistion 3D NAND is TLC, so its reliability is pretty terrible (retention, endurance). 3D XPoint's main advantage is speed (faster than flash but slower than DRAM) but its 3D stacking... 5/19/2017 8:58:24 PM resistion Does Japan have enough money to stop China? Why doesn't SoftBank step in?  5/19/2017 8:48:21 PM resistion The EUV illumination is changing dramatically for small changes of pitches, that's a fundamental difficulty. 5/19/2017 8:32:48 PM resistion The silicon lattice constant is 0.54 nm. This already makes 10% CD control impossible for 10-11 nm features, and so at ~20 nm CD it is already very difficult. IMEC projecting... 5/19/2017 8:26:21 PM resistion "The article notes, however, that things aren't very clear on where 3D Xpoint stands in terms of readiness."  So you cannot say Intel and Micron are years ahead... 5/19/2017 7:35:36 PM realjjj AMD's ARM core should be pretty much finalized. I get that it is much easier to compete with just Intel/Nvidia than with everybody else - good choice there - but there is a bit... 5/19/2017 7:15:33 PM R_Colin_Johnson The algorithm has already been proven by ServicePower's customers. It was first used back in 2012 for an academic problem: "Quantum annealing is a combinatorial optimization... 5/19/2017 7:06:24 PM RAV That's interesting.  I had come across a reference back in early 2016 that alluded to a connection between Infinity Fabric and Freedom Fabric which I can not find now but... 5/19/2017 6:42:21 PM Kevin Neilson This is not my field, but I'm getting vibes of dubiousness. Navigate to Related Links Quantum Computing Uses Standard Hardware Waymo-Lyft Tie Opens Door to 5 Questions V2X Pits Safety v. Spectrum Toyota Selects Nvidia, Intel Feels Heat Future Cars Face Terabyte Memory Load Cartoon Contest May 2017 Cartoon Caption Contest: "Fun house" "Your caption here!" 62 comments All Cartoons April 2017 Cartoon Caption Contest: "April showers" Edgar's manager regretted asking him for a presentation on cloud services. 88 comments All Cartoons Most Commented Most Popular  25   Police Report Untangles Uber Crash Mystery  23   Intel Unveils 10, 22nm Processes  23   Solid State Batteries Aim to Top Li-ion  22   Where Do You Stand on Science March?  22   Engineering Ed Stuck in the Past  18   TSMC Expects First-Half Smartphone Slump  17   In Space, No One Can Hear You Scream for ...  17   Hon Hai Bids $27 Billion for Toshiba Chip Unit  16   DSL Pioneer Describes Terabit Future  15   Four Grand Engineering Challenges  9   Waymo-Lyft Tie Opens Door to 5 Questions  6   Samsung Spinoff Likely to Grab Foundry Share  6   Intel's Flash Gambit Evolving Into ...  6   AMD Goes Epyc for Data Centers  4   HPE Builds Big Data Server  3   Li-ion Battery Pack Tests: Easier Said ...  2   Imec Tips Novel AI Chips  2   4 Views of the Silicon Roadmap  2   Quantum Computing Uses Standard Hardware  2   Are Self-Charging Batteries a Decade Away? Like Us on Facebook EE Times on Twitter follow us Tweets about "from:eetimes" ASPENCORE NETWORK EBN | EDN | EE Times | EEWeb | Electronic Products | Electronics-Tutorials | Embedded | Planet Analog | ElectroSchematics | Power Electronics News | TechOnline | Datasheets.com | Embedded Control Europe | Embedded Know How | Embedded News | IOT Design Zone | Motor Control Design | Electronics Know How | GLOBAL NETWORK EE Times Asia | EE Times China | EE Times India | EE Times Japan | EE Times Taiwan | EDN Asia | EDN China | EDN Taiwan | EDN Japan | ESM China | Working With Us: About | Contact Us | Media Kits Terms of Service | Privacy Statement | Copyright © 2017 AspenCore All Rights Reserved To rate this item, click on a rating below. [close this box]   To save this item to your list of favorite EE Times content so you can find it later in your Profile page, click the "Save It" button next to the item.   If you found this interesting or useful, please use the links to the services below to share it with other readers. You will need a free account with each service to share an item via that service. Tweet This [close this box] Latest News Semiconductor News Blogs Message Boards Advanced Technology Analog Boards/Buses Electromechanical Embedded Tools FPGAs/PLDs IP/EDA Logic & Interfaces Memory Operating Systems Optoelectronics Passives Power Processors RF/Microwave Sensors & Transducers Test & Measurement EETimes University Tech Papers Courses    Fundamentals Webinars Design West DesignCon ARM Techcon
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish HP Spectre X360 15 Review (2017) By Hubert Nguyen on 05/19/2017 13:41 PDT The HP Spectre X360 15 (2017) has a very good mix of design, performance, usability and price Highs Beautiful 2-in-1 design Large battery and low-power CPU Excellent audio quality Very good keyboard+trackpad, excellent display Lows Not a light 15.6-inch computer No fingerprint reader Rating and Price Rating: 9/10 Building on the design of the 2016 HP Spectre X360 15 laptop, HP has pushed this model further with the addition of the latest Intel processors, a discrete graphics chip, a larger battery capacity and many more features. At the same time, this computer retains and improves upon the excellent industrial design that made its predecessor popular. Add to this a relatively aggressive pricing, and you have a 15.6” laptop computer worth considering. The new HP Spectre X360 15 2017 was announced at CES 2017 (model 15-bl002xx), and here’s our review. Configuration, as reviewed Core i7-7500U CPU 16GB RAM, GeForce 940MX GPU 512GB SSD NVME PCIE 15.6” UHD IPS LED Touch-screen (3840 x 2160) + N-Trig Digitizer Pen WiFi AC + Bluetooth 4.0 79.2 Wh battery Dimensions: 14 x 9.88 x 0.7 in, 4.42 Lbs $1499 on HP.com as tested (May 17 2017) Industrial design Gallery: HP Spectre X360 15 Gallery (2017) The HP Spectre 360 15” has a beautiful industrial design. While we reviewed the “silver” version last year, this time we are looking at the “Dark Ash Silver” model, which is, in fact, a metallic dark brown with copper accents. Although we are not sure why it is called silver by HP, we like the design very much. Check the photo gallery to form your opinion, but we will say that it is classy and probably the most beautiful laptop in its category. "PROBABLY THE MOST BEAUTIFUL LAPTOP IN ITS CATEGORY"This computer has an all-metal construction, and you can tell: it is extremely rigid and seem really solid. It will not bend or twist when you hold it. At 4.41 Lbs, it is not the lightest computer in its category which ranges from 3.96 Lbs (Dell XPS 15) to 4.62 Lbs (Gigabyte Aero 15). As you will see later, PC makers have worked diligently to make each computer distinguishable from competitors. As a result, the HP Spectre X360 15 (model 15-bl002xx here) also comes with a digital N-Trig pen that makes it attractive to a specific public. Also, the fact that it has a 2-in-1 360-degrees swivel design allows it to work well in “flat” (180-degrees open) and “tablet” (360-degrees) modes, which is not the case for all competitors in the 15.6” category. The advantage of the multi-mode (360-swivel) design is that it combines the productivity of a laptop, with a functional tablet-mode. It is, however, a laptop-first design, which means that the “tablet mode” would be a bit better with a tablet-first mobile computer such as the Surface 4 Pro, for example. Keyboard / Trackpad As usual, HP has integrated a huge trackpad (140x65mm) which is just a few millimeters smaller than a Galaxy S8 smartphone in touch surface area (!).  A larger keypad makes touch interactions more comfortable, especially if you use Windows swipe gestures. The keyboard has a key-travel of 1.5mm, which makes the keystrokes comfortable in my opinion (and for my taste). We all have different preferences, so if there’s an optimum key travel that you like, you should try to figure out which distance (in mm) it is, and keep it for future reference. They key size is about 15x15mm. IR Camera for face unlock, but no fingerprint reader The HP Spectre 360 15 (2017) is compatible with Windows Hello and supports sign-ins with facial recognition, but does not have a fingerprint reader. Both fingerprint and facial login provide a high degree of convenience and allow you to quickly log-in in a few seconds, with nearly zero errors. That should encourage you to use more secure (text) passwords (here’s how to create strong passwords), and lock your computer as soon as you leave the area. We know that fingerprints provide a very strong entropy (complexity), which is similar to having an extremely long password. How secure the IR front camera has not been widely studied (it depends on the biometric data quality), We know that this IR camera prevents easy spoofing such as using photos. That is because the face from a photo or a screen does not show up in the IR camera (it looks like a blank sheet of paper): IR just works on a different wavelength. Ports The right side has 1x (full-size) HDMI, 1x USB 3.1 Type-C Gen 1 (HP Sleep and Charge) and 1x 1 Thunderbolt 3 (HP Sleep and Charge). Either USB-C ports can be used to charge the laptop. The left side has 1x headphone/microphone combo, 1x USB 3.1 Gen 1 (HP Sleep and Charge) and an SD Card reader. We like the presence of USB-C with Thunderbolt 3 (40 Gbps), along with the USB 3.1 ports, both in USB-C and USB-A (classic) connectors. If you have many legacy devices such as Ethernet adapters and mice, you may find yourself running out of USB-A ports, but an adapter can easily fix this. Note that while many adapters are present in our review package (USB to Ethernet, and more ), they are NOT included in the retail box, so you have to purchase them separately. At Ubergizmo, we typically use 3rd party combo adapters that merge USB, Ethernet and maybe even card readers or video-out. With USB-C+Thunderbolt 3, these have become quite useful and efficient. Sound system tuned by B&O "THE SOUND QUALITY IS AMAZING"The HP Spectre X360 15 (2017) has the same speaker placement and design as last year’s model. This is good news because having speakers on either side of the laptop is optimal: sound energy is aimed directly at the user and isn’t wasted by a reflection on a table surface for example. As a result, this is the best-sounding laptop we have tried to date, and I am very impressed with the sound quality. It is, of course, a formidable machine to watch movies on, but it is also very agreeable to use to play music and is better than many portable speakers I have – the sound quality is amazing given how little space HP engineers have. There is no distortion even at the loudest setting. In recent years, HP has been pushing the audio boundaries with the help of Bang and Olufsen (B&O), and this is paying off big time. If you love having great audio, HP computers tuned by B&O should be high on your list. Display The 4K display is a high-quality IPS LCD and provides very good image quality. Because it has a high pixel density (~282 PPI), text and interface are very sharp, and things are just beautiful in general. When compared to last year’s model, the bezels are thinner on the left and right sides. The bezel went from a rather thick ~15mm down to ~5mm, which has a huge positive impact on how the laptop looks when turned on. The bezel at the top has remained relatively large because HP wanted to include the color webcam and IR webcam at that location. It is understandable because this is still the best placement for video-conferences. Many people feel like placing the webcam at the bottom of the screen makes the view angle a bit odd. Stylus The 2017 HP Spectre X360 has the particularity of coming with an N-trig digital pen (included in the box), and that will make Photoshop and e-pen lovers in general very happy. When you combine the 15.6” diagonal with a high-precision digital pen such as this one, it opens a lot of artistic possibilities that other 15.6” simply don’t match. I am not an artist by any means, but I tested the pen with the sticky notes apps which immediately shows that the ink responsiveness is excellent and that the pressure sensitivity makes it feel very natural, visually. The pen’s tip has been tuned well, providing a good sensation. The size of the pen is such that it feels very much like using a regular pen. System performance The system performance of the HP Spectre X360 15 is very good as it comes with a recent Intel Core i7-7500U (15W TDP) main CPU, along with a GeForce 940MX discrete graphics solution. However, there are nuances that you should consider. First of all, many of the 15.6” competitors in the same price range have opted for a more powerful Intel Core i7-7700HQ (45W TDP) CPU. If you look carefully, you will notice a large difference between 15W and 45W TDP (thermal design point) for those CPU options. The TDP does not exactly represent the “power consumption”, but rather the thermal design point. That said, more heat does correlate to higher power consumption). The discrete GeForce 940MX graphics pushes the graphics performance and app compatibility further than the Intel integrated graphics alone (also present in the laptop), but other competitors now feature the newer GeForce 1050 or 1060 graphics from NVIDIA, which is even more powerful. In benchmarks, having an Intel Core i7-7700HQ translates into significant performance gains. That kind of performance is best exploited for video production, 3D work, or gaming. If you do not do any of those, it is probably not that important. Value for the price, for the weight How a computer performs in relation to its weight and price is also very telling. Because no one wants to spend infinite money, or want to carry a very heavy computer, choosing the right one is often a trade-off between price, weight and performance. The short story is that the HP Spectre X360 15 is a very good computer “for the price”, but other computers with a comparable weight will outclass it in synthetic performance. Those two charts will give you an idea of what to expect: Battery The 2017 version of the HP Spectre X360 features a much larger 79.2Wh battery when compared to last year’s model (64.5Wh). The 90W power supply has a USB-C connector, which connects to either USB-C ports on the laptop for charging. Note that many laptops ship with a 45W power supply, so there’s a chance that this model charges faster while you are using it. In general, the most reliable proxy for battery life (within a class of device) remains the battery capacity relative to the CPU/GPU/Display combo. The hardware platform of the HP Spectre X360 15 (2017) is slightly less power-hungry as other competitors. However, others have increased their battery capacity slightly to offset that. The battery capacity/price of this computer is quite decent, and this laptop stands in the middle of the pack based on this particular metric, even against an array of formidable competitors. Note that, there isn’t a 1080p version of this computer available, so it is not possible to trade graphics sharpness for longer battery life. Many other 15.6” laptops do offer that option at order time. Conclusion The HP Spectre X360 15 (2017) is a very good, beautiful, 15.6” multi-mode computer that is priced aggressively. At ~$1499, the configuration that we tested may not win the “absolute performance” battle, but it does win the performance/price and the battery/price comparison most of the time. At $1499 the Spectre X360 15 simply offers much value for the money. "THE SPECTRE X360 15 OFFERS MUCH VALUE FOR THE MONEY"While others like the Dell XPS 15 ($2145) or the Gigabyte Aero 15 do provide more CPU and Graphics power, they also cost a lot more money when you want similar attributes: 15.6” 4K display, large battery, 512GB SSD, 16GB RAM. The Lenovo Yoga 720 15 seems like a good value contender, but we need to re-run some benchmarks because the benchmark numbers we currently have for the Yoga 720 seem lower than what its hardware seem capable of. In the end, the HP Spectre X360 15 is an excellent choice for a whole lot of people who do not need (and want to pay for) the absolute best synthetic performance, or better gaming capabilities. It is a very solid productivity machine, with advanced audio and creative abilities, thanks to the digital pen. Overall product rating: 9/10 Filed in Computers >Reviews. Read more about HP, Laptop Reviews and laptops. Related Articles 2017-05-14 HP Patches Keylogging Bug In Some Laptops 2017-05-11 Keylogger Found In Some HP Audio Drivers 2017-05-10 HP Cortana Speaker Confirmed 2017-05-02 HP And Acer Unveil Windows 10 S Computers Starting At $299 2017-04-13 HP Pavilion x360 Series Refreshed With New Processors And Pen Support 2017-03-06 HP Chromebook x360 11 G1 Education Edition Unveiled 2017-02-26 HP Pro X2 612 G2, 2-in-1 Detachable Laptop/Tablet 2013-03-28 HP Spectre XT TouchSmart Review 2013-03-22 HP Envy X2 Review Hold On Tight, Your Flights In The Future Could Get A Lot Bumpier Samsung Galaxy S8 VS LG G6 In Speed Test Company In Sweden Embeds Microchips Into Its Employees Some Facebook Users Are Seeing A New Rocket Icon In The App User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
18-Year-Old Engineer Constructs Fuel-Efficient, Stable “Flying Wing” Aircraft Prototype Ivo Zell of Lorch, Germany Wins US$75,000 Top Prize at Intel International Science and Engineering Fair Amber Yang (from left), Ivo Zell and Valerio Pagliarino take the stage on Friday, May 19, 2017, at the 2017 International Science and Engineering Fair, a program of Society for Science & the Public and the world’s largest international pre-college science competition. Zell, of Lorch, Germany, was awarded first place for designing and constructing a remote control prototype of a new "flying wing" aircraft. Yang, of Windermere, Florida, and Pagliarino, of Castelnuovo Calcea, Italy, received Intel Foundation Young Scientist Awards. (Credit: The Society for Science & the Public) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Amber Yang (from left), Ivo Zell and Valerio Pagliarino take the stage on Friday, May 19, 2017, at the 2017 International Science and Engineering Fair, a program of Society for Science & the Public and the world’s largest international pre-college science competition. Zell, of Lorch, Germany, was awarded first place for designing and constructing a remote control prototype of a new "flying wing" aircraft. Yang, of Windermere, Florida, and Pagliarino, of Castelnuovo Calcea, Italy, received Intel Foundation Young Scientist Awards. (Credit: The Society for Science & the Public) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail May 19, 2017 03:11 PM Eastern Daylight Time LOS ANGELES--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Ivo Zell, 18, of Lorch, Germany was awarded first place for designing and constructing a remote control prototype of a new “flying wing” aircraft at this year’s Intel International Science and Engineering Fair, a program of Society for Science & the Public and the world’s largest international pre-college science competition. The competition featured nearly 1,800 young scientists selected from 425 affiliate fairs in 78 countries, regions and territories. Flying wings are inherently more efficient than traditional aircraft designs, but also less stable in flight because they have little or no fuselage or tail. Zell’s working prototype aircraft addresses this issue, using an unusual bell-shaped lift profile for improved stability and using telemetry to demonstrate its stability. The modified shape of Zell’s aircraft allows it to operate smoothly and safely in challenging flight situations without the need for a complex electronic stabilization system and without significantly sacrificing fuel efficiency. Potential applications range from drone delivery systems to larger aircraft design. Zell received the Gordon E. Moore Award of US$75,000, named in honor of the Intel co-founder and fellow scientist. Press Kit: Intel International Science and Engineering Fair: Empowering Next-Generation Innovators Amber Yang, 18, of Windermere, Florida received one of two Intel Foundation Young Scientist Awards of US$50,000 for her innovative approach to predicting the locations of clouds of space debris that move in low Earth orbit. An estimated 500,000 space trash objects now pose a potential hazard for spacecraft. Yang adapted an algorithm to train her own artificial neural network to recognize space objects in a specific debris cloud and predict their future locations. Valerio Pagliarino, 17, of Castelnuovo Calcea, Italy received the other Intel Foundation Young Scientist Award of US$50,000 for his prototype of a novel laser-based, wireless, high-speed network. Motivated by the lack of reliable Internet access in his rural locale, Pagliarino designed his new system using off-the-shelf components and then built and tested a small version of the network. “Intel congratulates this year’s winners. Ivo Zell, Amber Yang, and Valerio Pagliarino and all of the participants inspire us with their talent and passion for changing the world,” said Rosalind Hudnell, Intel vice president of Corporate Affairs and president of the Intel Foundation. “As a diverse and inclusive group developing groundbreaking solutions to global challenges, these young people represent the next generation of innovators. We’re proud to support all of the finalists as they endeavor to improve the world around them.” In addition to the top winners, approximately 600 finalists received awards and prizes for their innovative research, including 22 “Best of Category” winners, who each received a US$5,000 prize. The Intel Foundation also awarded a US$1,000 grant to each winner’s school and to the affiliated fair they represent. The following lists the 22 Best of Category winners, from which the top three were chosen:                     Category     First   Last   City   State/Country Animal Sciences     Jessica   Young   Wellington   Florida Behavioral and Social Sciences     Erin   Smith   Lenexa   Kansas Biochemistry     Karina   Movsesian   Karlovy Vary   Czech Republic Biomedical and Health Sciences     Daniel   Zhang   San Diego   California Biomedical Engineering     Clara   Wagner   Saginaw   Michigan Cellular and Molecular Biology     Davey   Huang   Honolulu   Hawaii Chemistry     Kyle   Fridberg   Boulder   Colorado Computational Biology and Bioinformatics     Prathik   Naidu   Potomac Falls   Virginia Earth and Environmental Sciences     Adam   Nayak   Portland   Oregon Embedded Systems     Valerio   Pagliarino   Castelnuovo Calcea   Italy Energy: Chemical     Kendra   Zhang   Jericho   New York Energy: Physical     Camille   Miles   Niceville   Florida Engineering Mechanics     Ivo   Zell   Lorch   Germany Environmental Engineering     Prashaant   Ranganathan   Jamshedpur   India Materials Science     Nicky   Wojtania   Plano   Texas Mathematics     Karthik   Yegnesh   Lansdale   Pennsylvania Microbiology     Rahul   Subramaniam   Cos Cob   Connecticut Physics and Astronomy     Amber   Yang   Windermere   Florida Plant Sciences     Isabella   Bowland   Boulder   Colorado Robotics and Intelligent Machines     Tassilo   Schwarz   Seeon   Germany Systems Software     Michael   Lee   Manhasset   New York Translational Medical Science     Jeremiah   Pate   Oro Valley   Arizona           “The breakthrough ideas presented at the Intel International Science and Engineering Fair by Ivo Zell, Amber Yang and Valerio Pagliarino truly have the capacity to change our world for the better,” said Maya Ajmera, president and CEO of Society for Science & the Public and publisher of Science News. “As our world grows increasingly complex, we need innovative, transformative ideas to identify new solutions to our world’s most intractable challenges. Congratulations to all our finalists as well as our top three winners on their extraordinary research projects.” The Intel International Science and Engineering Fair encourages millions of students to explore their passion for developing innovations that improve the way we work and live. All finalists are selected by an affiliated, local competition and receive an all-expenses-paid trip to the Intel International Science and Engineering Fair. At the competition, finalists are judged by hundreds of science, engineering and industry professionals who have a Ph.D. or equivalent (six years of related professional experience) or are senior graduate students with doctoral-level research in one of the 22 scientific disciplines listed above. A full listing of finalists is available in the event program. The 2017 Intel International Science and Engineering Fair is funded jointly by Intel and the Intel Foundation with additional support from dozens of corporate, academic, government and science-focused sponsors. This year, approximately US$4 million was awarded. About Intel Intel (NASDAQ: INTC) expands the boundaries of technology to make the most amazing experiences possible. Information about Intel can be found at newsroom.intel.com and intel.com. About the Society Society for Science & the Public is dedicated to the achievement of young scientists in independent research and to public engagement in science. Established in 1921, Society is a nonprofit whose vision is to promote the understanding and appreciation of science and the vital role it plays in human advancement. Through its world-class competitions, including the Regeneron Science Talent Search, the Intel International Science and Engineering Fair, and the Broadcom MASTERS, and its award-winning magazine, Science News and Science News for Students, Society for Science & the Public is committed to inform, educate, and inspire. Learn more at www.societyforscience.org and follow us on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and Snapchat (Society4Science). Intel and the Intel logo are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the United States and other countries. *Other names and brands may be claimed as the property of others. Contacts Intel Corporation William Moss, 650-521-1754 William.Moss@intel.com or North of Nine, for Intel Olivia Campbell, 646-384-2095 Olivia.Campbell@nof9.com or Society for Science & the Public Gayle Kansagor, 703-489-1131 gkansagor@societyforscience.org Release Summary Ivo Zell, 18, of Lorch, Germany was awarded first place at the 2017 Intel International Science and Engineering Fair, a program of Society for Science & the Public. Contacts Intel Corporation William Moss, 650-521-1754 William.Moss@intel.com or North of Nine, for Intel Olivia Campbell, 646-384-2095 Olivia.Campbell@nof9.com or Society for Science & the Public Gayle Kansagor, 703-489-1131 gkansagor@societyforscience.org Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman 18-Year-Old Engineer Constructs Fuel-Efficient, Stable “Flying Wing” Aircraft Prototype LOS ANGELES–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Ivo Zell, 18, of Lorch, Germany was awarded first place for designing and constructing a remote control prototype of a new “flying wing” aircraft at this year’s Intel International Science and Engineering Fair, a program of Society for Science & the Public and the world’s largest international pre-college science competition. The competition featured nearly 1,800 young scientists selected from 425 affiliate fairs in 78 countries, regions and territories. Flying wings are inherently more efficient than traditional aircraft designs, but also less stable in flight because they have little or no fuselage or tail. Zell’s working prototype aircraft addresses this issue, using an unusual bell-shaped lift profile for improved stability and using telemetry to demonstrate its stability. The modified shape of Zell’s aircraft allows it to operate smoothly and safely in challenging flight situations without the need for a complex electronic stabilization system and without significantly sacrificing fuel efficiency. Potential applications range from drone delivery systems to larger aircraft design. Zell received the Gordon E. Moore Award of US$75,000, named in honor of the Intel co-founder and fellow scientist. Press Kit: Intel International Science and Engineering Fair: Empowering Next-Generation Innovators Amber Yang, 18, of Windermere, Florida received one of two Intel Foundation Young Scientist Awards of US$50,000 for her innovative approach to predicting the locations of clouds of space debris that move in low Earth orbit. An estimated 500,000 space trash objects now pose a potential hazard for spacecraft. Yang adapted an algorithm to train her own artificial neural network to recognize space objects in a specific debris cloud and predict their future locations. Valerio Pagliarino, 17, of Castelnuovo Calcea, Italy received the other Intel Foundation Young Scientist Award of US$50,000 for his prototype of a novel laser-based, wireless, high-speed network. Motivated by the lack of reliable Internet access in his rural locale, Pagliarino designed his new system using off-the-shelf components and then built and tested a small version of the network. “Intel congratulates this year’s winners. Ivo Zell, Amber Yang, and Valerio Pagliarino and all of the participants inspire us with their talent and passion for changing the world,” said Rosalind Hudnell, Intel vice president of Corporate Affairs and president of the Intel Foundation. “As a diverse and inclusive group developing groundbreaking solutions to global challenges, these young people represent the next generation of innovators. We’re proud to support all of the finalists as they endeavor to improve the world around them.” In addition to the top winners, approximately 600 finalists received awards and prizes for their innovative research, including 22 “Best of Category” winners, who each received a US$5,000 prize. The Intel Foundation also awarded a US$1,000 grant to each winner’s school and to the affiliated fair they represent. The following lists the 22 Best of Category winners, from which the top three were chosen:                     Category     First   Last   City   State/Country Animal Sciences     Jessica   Young   Wellington   Florida Behavioral and Social Sciences     Erin   Smith   Lenexa   Kansas Biochemistry     Karina   Movsesian   Karlovy Vary   Czech Republic Biomedical and Health Sciences     Daniel   Zhang   San Diego   California Biomedical Engineering     Clara   Wagner   Saginaw   Michigan Cellular and Molecular Biology     Davey   Huang   Honolulu   Hawaii Chemistry     Kyle   Fridberg   Boulder   Colorado Computational Biology and Bioinformatics     Prathik   Naidu   Potomac Falls   Virginia Earth and Environmental Sciences     Adam   Nayak   Portland   Oregon Embedded Systems     Valerio   Pagliarino   Castelnuovo Calcea   Italy Energy: Chemical     Kendra   Zhang   Jericho   New York Energy: Physical     Camille   Miles   Niceville   Florida Engineering Mechanics     Ivo   Zell   Lorch   Germany Environmental Engineering     Prashaant   Ranganathan   Jamshedpur   India Materials Science     Nicky   Wojtania   Plano   Texas Mathematics     Karthik   Yegnesh   Lansdale   Pennsylvania Microbiology     Rahul   Subramaniam   Cos Cob   Connecticut Physics and Astronomy     Amber   Yang   Windermere   Florida Plant Sciences     Isabella   Bowland   Boulder   Colorado Robotics and Intelligent Machines     Tassilo   Schwarz   Seeon   Germany Systems Software     Michael   Lee   Manhasset   New York Translational Medical Science     Jeremiah   Pate   Oro Valley   Arizona           “The breakthrough ideas presented at the Intel International Science and Engineering Fair by Ivo Zell, Amber Yang and Valerio Pagliarino truly have the capacity to change our world for the better,” said Maya Ajmera, president and CEO of Society for Science & the Public and publisher of Science News. “As our world grows increasingly complex, we need innovative, transformative ideas to identify new solutions to our world’s most intractable challenges. Congratulations to all our finalists as well as our top three winners on their extraordinary research projects.” The Intel International Science and Engineering Fair encourages millions of students to explore their passion for developing innovations that improve the way we work and live. All finalists are selected by an affiliated, local competition and receive an all-expenses-paid trip to the Intel International Science and Engineering Fair. At the competition, finalists are judged by hundreds of science, engineering and industry professionals who have a Ph.D. or equivalent (six years of related professional experience) or are senior graduate students with doctoral-level research in one of the 22 scientific disciplines listed above. A full listing of finalists is available in the event program. The 2017 Intel International Science and Engineering Fair is funded jointly by Intel and the Intel Foundation with additional support from dozens of corporate, academic, government and science-focused sponsors. This year, approximately US$4 million was awarded. About Intel Intel (NASDAQ: INTC) expands the boundaries of technology to make the most amazing experiences possible. Information about Intel can be found at newsroom.intel.com and intel.com. About the Society Society for Science & the Public is dedicated to the achievement of young scientists in independent research and to public engagement in science. Established in 1921, Society is a nonprofit whose vision is to promote the understanding and appreciation of science and the vital role it plays in human advancement. Through its world-class competitions, including the Regeneron Science Talent Search, the Intel International Science and Engineering Fair, and the Broadcom MASTERS, and its award-winning magazine, Science News and Science News for Students, Society for Science & the Public is committed to inform, educate, and inspire. Learn more at www.societyforscience.org and follow us on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and Snapchat (Society4Science). Intel and the Intel logo are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the United States and other countries. *Other names and brands may be claimed as the property of others. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Air Freshener Market Share, 2017 Size, Statistics & Industry Analysis to 2022 for Major Regions Next PostNext Stadium Road hill temporarily closes for reconstruction beginning May 23 Search Recent Posts Article – Plenary overview: refugee relocation, Hungary, Brexit talks Bug Season, Part Two! Vítor Constâncio: Synergies between banking union and capital markets union Vítor Constâncio: Synergies between banking union and capital markets union CDW to Present at the Stifel 2017 Technology, Internet & Media Conference Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 20,805 +141.82 +0.69% Nasdaq 6,084 +28.57 +0.47% S&P 500 2,382 +16.01 +0.68% 12:00 A.M. ET Retail Isn't Dead 5/19 Updated Wine and cheese make you smart and healthy, according to new studies 5/19 Updated Millennials and baby boomers have conflicting views on when it’s time to pay your own way 5/19 Updated When they’re not eating avocado toast, millennials spend five hours a day doing this… 5/19 Updated U.S. households now have as much debt as they had in 2008 5/19 Updated ‘Roseanne’ is coming back to TV — how American families have changed since 1988 5/19 Updated American women are having babies later — and in 2017 are still conflicted about it 5/19 Updated Can this blob help people fight debt collectors? 5/19 Updated Is my golfing buddy the cheapest guy in America? 5/19 Updated This social network ranks as the worst for young people’s mental health 5/19 Updated Cryptosporidium doesn’t appear in the new ‘Alien’ movie, but the CDC says it lurks in swimming pools 5/19 Nearly half don’t have the cash to pay for a $400 emergency, Fed survey finds 5/19 Breaking Ex-FBI Director Comey to testify in public Senate hearing 5/19 How Much Power Does a Special Counsel Have? 5/19 Updated Turkish passenger tries to breach cockpit on American Airlines Hawaii flight: report 5/19 Giving Your Child an Edge, When Stakes are High 5/19 Job benefits that will save you thousands and the man who will get you out of medical bills 5/19 Adulting: When Did You Finally Grow Up? 5/19 Updated Man who called Dow 20,000 says stock market could see 1,000-point surge if Trump resigns 5/19 Updated Treasury yields suffer largest weekly fall in a month, as stocks stage a rebound Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release 18-Year-Old Engineer Constructs Fuel-Efficient, Stable “Flying Wing” Aircraft Prototype By Published: May 19, 2017 3:11 p.m. ET Share Ivo Zell of Lorch, Germany Wins US$75,000 Top Prize at Intel International Science and Engineering Fair LOS ANGELES, May 19, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Ivo Zell, 18, of Lorch, Germany was awarded first place for designing and constructing a remote control prototype of a new “flying wing” aircraft at this year’s Intel International Science and Engineering Fair, a program of Society for Science & the Public and the world’s largest international pre-college science competition. The competition featured nearly 1,800 young scientists selected from 425 affiliate fairs in 78 countries, regions and territories. This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170519005691/en/ Flying wings are inherently more efficient than traditional aircraft designs, but also less stable in flight because they have little or no fuselage or tail. Zell’s working prototype aircraft addresses this issue, using an unusual bell-shaped lift profile for improved stability and using telemetry to demonstrate its stability. The modified shape of Zell’s aircraft allows it to operate smoothly and safely in challenging flight situations without the need for a complex electronic stabilization system and without significantly sacrificing fuel efficiency. Potential applications range from drone delivery systems to larger aircraft design. Zell received the Gordon E. Moore Award of US$75,000, named in honor of the Intel co-founder and fellow scientist. Press Kit: Intel International Science and Engineering Fair: Empowering Next-Generation Innovators Amber Yang, 18, of Windermere, Florida received one of two Intel Foundation Young Scientist Awards of US$50,000 for her innovative approach to predicting the locations of clouds of space debris that move in low Earth orbit. An estimated 500,000 space trash objects now pose a potential hazard for spacecraft. Yang adapted an algorithm to train her own artificial neural network to recognize space objects in a specific debris cloud and predict their future locations. Valerio Pagliarino, 17, of Castelnuovo Calcea, Italy received the other Intel Foundation Young Scientist Award of US$50,000 for his prototype of a novel laser-based, wireless, high-speed network. Motivated by the lack of reliable Internet access in his rural locale, Pagliarino designed his new system using off-the-shelf components and then built and tested a small version of the network. “Intel congratulates this year’s winners. Ivo Zell, Amber Yang, and Valerio Pagliarino and all of the participants inspire us with their talent and passion for changing the world,” said Rosalind Hudnell, Intel vice president of Corporate Affairs and president of the Intel Foundation. “As a diverse and inclusive group developing groundbreaking solutions to global challenges, these young people represent the next generation of innovators. We’re proud to support all of the finalists as they endeavor to improve the world around them.” In addition to the top winners, approximately 600 finalists received awards and prizes for their innovative research, including 22 “Best of Category” winners, who each received a US$5,000 prize. The Intel Foundation also awarded a US$1,000 grant to each winner’s school and to the affiliated fair they represent. The following lists the 22 Best of Category winners, from which the top three were chosen: “The breakthrough ideas presented at the Intel International Science and Engineering Fair by Ivo Zell, Amber Yang and Valerio Pagliarino truly have the capacity to change our world for the better,” said Maya Ajmera, president and CEO of Society for Science & the Public and publisher of Science News. “As our world grows increasingly complex, we need innovative, transformative ideas to identify new solutions to our world’s most intractable challenges. Congratulations to all our finalists as well as our top three winners on their extraordinary research projects.” The Intel International Science and Engineering Fair encourages millions of students to explore their passion for developing innovations that improve the way we work and live. All finalists are selected by an affiliated, local competition and receive an all-expenses-paid trip to the Intel International Science and Engineering Fair. At the competition, finalists are judged by hundreds of science, engineering and industry professionals who have a Ph.D. or equivalent (six years of related professional experience) or are senior graduate students with doctoral-level research in one of the 22 scientific disciplines listed above. A full listing of finalists is available in the event program. The 2017 Intel International Science and Engineering Fair is funded jointly by Intel and the Intel Foundation with additional support from dozens of corporate, academic, government and science-focused sponsors. This year, approximately US$4 million was awarded. About Intel Intel INTC, +0.51% expands the boundaries of technology to make the most amazing experiences possible. Information about Intel can be found at newsroom.intel.com and intel.com. About the Society Society for Science & the Public is dedicated to the achievement of young scientists in independent research and to public engagement in science. Established in 1921, Society is a nonprofit whose vision is to promote the understanding and appreciation of science and the vital role it plays in human advancement. Through its world-class competitions, including the Regeneron Science Talent Search, the Intel International Science and Engineering Fair, and the Broadcom MASTERS, and its award-winning magazine, Science News and Science News for Students, Society for Science & the Public is committed to inform, educate, and inspire. Learn more at www.societyforscience.org and follow us on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and Snapchat (Society4Science). Intel and the Intel logo are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the United States and other countries. *Other names and brands may be claimed as the property of others. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170519005691/en/ SOURCE: Intel"> <Property FormalName="PrimaryTwitterHandle" Value="@intelnews Intel Corporation William Moss, 650-521-1754 William.Moss@intel.com or North of Nine, for Intel Olivia Campbell, 646-384-2095 Olivia.Campbell@nof9.com or Society for Science & the Public Gayle Kansagor, 703-489-1131 gkansagor@societyforscience.org Copyright Business Wire 2017 From MarketWatch More Coverage Drone pilots don’t have to register under FAA’s controversial rule, court rules Man who called Dow 20,000 says stock market could see 1,000-point surge if Trump resigns Male rompers are coming to Reebok in the form of the ‘ReeRomp’ Quote References INTC +0.18 +0.51% Most Popular Trump administration wants to overhaul the way you repay student loans This social network ranks as the worst for young people’s mental health Here’s one thing parents should know before buying a fidget spinner Current White House official is target in Russia probe, and Trump told Lavrov that Comey was a ‘nut job’: reports President Trump Heads to the Middle East MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Intel Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: INTC $35.40 +0.18 (+0.51%) Volume 17.8M Open $35.15 High $35.55 Low $35.13 P/E Ratio 15.39 Div Yield 3.08 Market Cap 165.9B
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Intel, Honeywell collaborate on logistics, shipping IoT The partnership combines Intel's new logistics platform and Honeywell's hardware and cloud services. By Stephanie Condon for Between the Lines | May 18, 2017 -- 15:00 GMT (08:00 PDT) | Topic: Internet of Things Intel and Honeywell on Thursday announced they're extending their Internet of Things partnership to shipping and logistics. Internet of Things in the enterprise: The state of play The Internet of Things can be a major driver of digital transformation, enabling new business models based on widespread devices and new data streams--if you can cope with the immature ecosystems. Read More Intel is launching a Connected Logistics Platform that enables companies to get real-time information, and make real-time decisions, about products they're moving. Building on the Connected Logistics Platform, Honeywell is launching what it calls its Connected Freight solution. It includes a package of low-cost sensors to attach to packages or other assets, which send information to Honeywell's enterprise cloud service. Effectively, it "allows shippers to have visibility of their product from Point A to Point B," Chet Hullum, GM for Industrial Solutions at Intel, told ZDNet. The sensors can track several variables of the package in question: location, temperature, shock, vibration, tilt, humidity, pressure, and exposure to light. They're connected in a mesh protocol network developed by Intel that allows interconnection between devices. The data is captured by a mobile gateway and transmitted via cellular networks to a cloud-based platform. Along with Honeywell and Intel, the whole solution was developed in conjunction with the logistics companies DHL, Expeditors, and Kuehne + Nagel. The data collected would be useful for a range of industries and use cases. For instance, data temperature or humidity is key for the food and beverage industry. Meanwhile, manufacturers of sensitive technology can track if their equipment has been damaged and find out exactly where and how. Storing data can also come in handy for audit and compliance requirements. The data could also be used for predictive or reactive analysis of factors such as travel routes. Third-party logistics providers like DHL are the most likely customers for the Intel and Honeywell package, Hullum said. They've also seen a strong response so far from shippers in key segments include food and beverage. Meanwhile, Amazon's overwhelming e-commerce presence has raised the stakes when it comes to fast and efficient shipping. While Honeywell has experience providing logistics support, Intel has in recent years cultivated its IoT segment -- along with other business segments -- as it shifts its focus from PCs. The technology Intel's developed in that effort, such as RealSense technology, can naturally apply to logistics and shipping, Hullum said. "It's about taking Intel technology and moving it into these spaces and partnering with the ecosystem," he said, "with folks like Honeywell that have a legacy of supplying certain products and who will allow Intel be part of that solution." Read more: 9 best practices to improve security in industrial IoT (TechRepublic) Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Cloud ​Google I/O 2017: Here's what we learned Enterprise Software Pivotal touts agile development as way to keep APAC systems secure Internet of Things Google Assistant integrates with GE's connected appliances Security ​Samsung: Here's how we're securing your smart TV × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos Sponsored Narratives About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds. KitGuru The KitGuru System Home News Reviews Gaming Lifestyle Mobile Professional Forum Home / Component / CPU / Intel reportedly refutes claims that it is licensing AMD’s GPU tech Intel reportedly refutes claims that it is licensing AMD’s GPU tech Matthew Wilson 13 hours ago CPU, Featured Announcement, Graphics Back in December, a rumour began floating around claiming that Intel would soon be hammering out a licensing deal to use AMD’s Radeon GPU tech in future CPUs. Things had been quiet on that front for several months until last week, when a new report popped up claiming that this deal had been confirmed. It turns out, that may not have been entirely accurate information, with outlets reporting that Intel has branded the claim as “completely untrue”. In a statement given to Barron’s Tech Trader Daily, a news site specialising in investments and investor advice, Intel is reported as stating: “The recent rumors that Intel has licensed AMD’s graphics technology are untrue”. This follows on from a report over on Fudzilla, which claimed to ‘confirm’ that Intel has signed a deal to license AMD’s Radeon GPU technology. The main evidence behind this claim appears to have been the fact that Intel’s licensing deal with Nvidia is set to expire soon, or has already ran its course. This rumour piqued the interest of investors and is thought to be one of the causes for AMD’s stock rebound on Monday. However, AMD failed to confirm or deny the rumour during its Financial Analyst Day meeting on Tuesday. This led to another slight investor dip on Wednesday. KitGuru Says: Given how quiet both Intel and AMD have been with most outlets on this subject, I do feel like we aren’t really getting the full story. It would be nice if one of them could come out and clear things up in a more public way. However, that outcome is very unlikely at this point.  Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Pinterest Tags AMD gpu Intel Licensing deal news Previous The FCC has voted in favour of eliminating net neutrality Next Ofcom wants to let you break up with your mobile provider with a text message Check Also AMD will build another round of Zen CPUs on 14nm+ before jumping to ‘Zen 2’ and 7nm This evening, AMD held a conference call to follow up and provide additional clarification to … [email protected] I’am freelancing over the web, attaining basic tasks which only requires from you personal computer or laptop and internet service accessibility and so I couldn’t be delighted… Half a year have crossed when i commenced this and i generated up to now in total 36 thousand dollars… Basically i gain around $80 every hour and work for three to four h daily.And superb thing about this job is that you can decide when to work on your own and also for how long and you receive income after the end of each week.>>>> HELLSGAM.IN/25 Polls Likely cost of your next earphones (not headphones)? Under £10 £10 to £20 £20 to £50 £50 to £100 Over £100 Always use headphones View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive KitGuru Facebook Archives Archives Select Month May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010  Contact Us © Copyright 2017, Kitguru.net All Rights Reserved
Home Solution Provider Distribution Vendor Security Cloud People M&A Tech trends Mobility matters Events Resources 2112 hub Newsletters Sign in Events Upcoming events Channelnomics Conference Security, Chicago Keeping up with a security landscape that has evolved quickly and continues to increase in complexity is becoming a real challenge for channel firms. Our event will shed light on the most significant challenges and suggest possible strategies for overcoming the most pressing issues. Date: 21 Jun 2017 Metropolitan Club 233 South Wacker Drive Willis Tower, 66th Floor Chicago, Illinois, Chicago Channelnomics Conference MSP, San Diego As the MSP market is maturing & competition is increasing, it’s critical to stand out. But what is it that makes a world class managed service provider? Join us at Channelnomics MSP as we shed light on the future of the US managed services industry. Date: 21 Sep 2017 TBC San Diego, California, San Diego Channelnomics Cloud Conference New York Join us for this one day event to hear about what lies ahead and what strategies you can use to grow your business, streamline cloud operations and maximize profits. Meet leading industry vendors to find out about the latest technologies and network with fellow industry professionals. Date: 07 Dec 2017 New York View all events Follow our events Sign up to receive email alerts about our eventsSign up Resources Five technology trends you can't afford to ignore Why does cloud computing matter? What else can I do to attract SMB clients to my business? Should I be offering digital security as part of my services? The answers to these questions, and more, lie tucked away in this guide. Ready to get started? Download your free copy today. Download 10 hidden costs of quoting with spreadsheets Many companies shy away from investing in professional quote and proposal automation platforms, maintaining that tried-and-true spreadsheet programs are the way forward. Unfortunately, spreadsheets weren't designed for quoting, but a purpose-built solution for quoting has arrived… Download Sign in   You are currently accessing Channelnomics.com via your Enterprise account. If you already have an account please use the link below to sign in. If you have any problems with your access or would like to request an individual access account please contact our customer service team. Phone: +44 (0) 1858 438800 Email: [email protected] Sign in   Newsletters Account details Contact support Sign out   Follow us RSS Twitter LinkedIn Newsletters Facebook Register 2112 hub Channelnomics.com Home Solution Provider Distribution Vendor Security Cloud People M&A Tech trends Mobility matters   You are currently accessing Channelnomics.com via your Enterprise account. If you already have an account please use the link below to sign in. If you have any problems with your access or would like to request an individual access account please contact our customer service team. Phone: +44 (0) 1858 438800 Email: [email protected] Sign in   Newsletters Account details Contact support Sign out   Channel Business Today's channel rundown - 19 May 2017 Daily tech news and analysis channel partners need to know now, including Intel's logistics platform, Facebook's EU fine, FCC's vote and more Channelnomics Staff 19 May 2017 Tweet   Facebook   LinkedIn   Google plus   Send to   0 Comments Welcome to today's channel rundown containing vital news and analysis on the channel's comings and goings. Read all about it below:  Related articles Today's channel rundown - 19 May 2017 Veeam urges partners to become service providers Cisco job cuts in face of changing business, share price drop Today's channel rundown - 18 May 2017 Data a 'massive growth driver' - Veeam CEO Intel's logistics platform Intel and Honeywell are partnering on a platform that provides logistics companies a real-time view of the products they are shipping, and enables them to make decisions based on the information. The Intel Connected Logistics Platform uses sensors attached to packages to track and provide updates on issues that can affect the goods in transit, such as location, temperature, humidity, shock, vibration, tilt, pressure, proximity and their exposure to light. Intel cites research that says 89 percent of logistics and shipment service providers like DHL, Expeditors and Kuehne + Nagel believe their biggest pain point is "a lack of visibility into their supply chain". It points to the serious financial implications this causes, with the estimated annual financial impact from cargo loss put at $60 billion. The vendor says the data that's gathered will help companies make better decisions regarding shipping and allow them to "predict and avoid routes where damage or delays are likely, establishing a more reliable distribution network". Auvik's new board member Former GM of LOGICnow Alistair Forbes has joined the board of directors at Auvik Networks Inc. Auvik produces remote monitoring and management (RMM) software for MSPs, focused on network infrastructure such as switches, routers, firewalls and WiFi controllers. Forbes co-founded HoundDog Technology in 2004, which was acquired by GFI Software in 2009. He then served as GFI's CTO and, later, GM of its GFI MAX business. Facebook's EU fine The European Union (EU) has fined Facebook $122 million for providing misleading information during its 2014 purchase of mobile messaging service WhatsApp. The European Commission said Facebook originally reported it would be unable to establish "reliable automated matching" between Facebook and WhatsApp users' accounts. But in 2016, WhatsApp updated its terms to include the possibility of linking the data. Competition commissioner Margrethe Vestager said its decision "sends a clear signal to companies that they must comply with all aspects of EU merger rules, including the obligation to provide correct information". She described it as "a proportionate and deterrent fine" for Facebook. In a statement, Facebook said the errors it had made in the 2014 filings "were not intentional" and that it "sought to provide accurate information at every turn". The Guardian notes it could have been worse for Facebook; competition authorities can fine companies one percent of annual their turnover - which was £211 million for Facebook in 2016. However, the commission said "it had taken into account the company's cooperation during the inquiry". BlackBerry's crisis management software BlackBerry is targeting government agencies and large organizations with its crisis communication software. AtHoc Account enables organizations to account for their people in real-time in the event of an incident. It combines information provided by team managers, call center operators, data streams from HR and travel systems, as well employee's checking in themselves. In a statement, Billy Ho, EVP of enterprise products and solutions, said companies need to get information to their people quickly "so they can make informed safety-critical decisions." BlackBerry says AdHoc could have helped companies targeted by the recent WannaCry cyber attacks by telling employees to update their systems, see what systems were at risk and help staff communicate during the attack. FCC's vote The U.S. Federal Communications Commission (FCC) has voted to overturn a 2015 net neutrality order that forces ISPs and service providers to treat all web traffic equally. In a statement, the FCC said it was "the first step toward restoring Internet freedom" by "proposing to end utility-style regulation of broadband Internet access service". The FCC added it thinks relaxing the rules will "promote infrastructure investment, innovation, and choice". The vote is regarded as the first step to dismantling the net neutrality regulations. The U.S. public has until August to share their views on the subject with the FCC. Prior to the vote for net neutrality in 2015, a reported four million statements, which predominantly supported the movement, were filed with the FCC. Tweet   Facebook   LinkedIn   Google plus   Send to   Topics Channel Business Channel Rundown BlackBerry Facebook Intel Honeywell More news Channelnomics' top five stories of the week - 19 May 2017 Check out which articles grabbed the most attention this week Research 19 May 2017 Today's channel rundown - 19 May 2017 Daily tech news and analysis channel partners need to know now, including Intel's logistics platform, Facebook's EU fine, FCC's vote and more Channel Business 19 May 2017 Partners see opportunities grow in SD-WAN Sprint, Comcast the latest communications firms to offer services Networking and Communications 19 May 2017 Editor's voice: The week's channel chatter - 19 May 2017 What's been happening this week on Channelnomics? Channel Business 19 May 2017 Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Back to Top 19/05/2017 18:55:59 Most read Channelnomics' top five stories of the week - 19 May 2017 Today's channel rundown - 19 May 2017 Partners see opportunities grow in SD-WAN Editor's voice: The week's channel chatter - 19 May 2017 Veeam urges partners to become service providers Contact Us Marketing solutions About Incisive Media Terms and conditions Privacy and Cookie policy RSS Twitter LinkedIn Newsletters Facebook © Incisive Media Investments Limited 2015 Channelnomics is a licensed brand of The 2112 Strategy Group, LLC © Founder Emeritus - Lawrence M Walsh; Incisive Business Media (IP) Limited, Published by Incisive Business Media Limited, Haymarket House, 28-29 Haymarket, London SW1Y 4RX. Companies registered in England and Wales with company registration numbers 9177174 & 9178013. Digital publisher of the year 2010, 2013 & 2016 Digital publisher of the year 2010, 2013 & 2016
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 238% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 109% 56% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 62% 53% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/19/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 238% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 109% 56% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 62% 53% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/19/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Qualcomm Gets Double Teamed by Intel and Samsung The chipmaker’s FTC headaches get worse as Intel and Samsung team up with the opposition. Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) May 19, 2017 at 11:00AM At the beginning of the year, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission sued Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM), alleging that the mobile chipmaker leveraged its portfolio of crucial wireless patents to force its rivals out of the market. The FTC claims that Qualcomm charged its baseband modem rivals inflated license fees for its wireless patents, which made their chips more expensive than Qualcomm ones. That headache recently got worse, with Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) and Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) joining the FTC's side. Intel claims that Qualcomm refuses to sell chipsets to OEMs unless they pay licensing revenues on every chip it sells -- even ones which don't use Qualcomm processors. Intel also argues that Qualcomm refuses to license Standard Essential Patents (SEPs) to its competitors, and that it uses exclusive deals -- like its controversial one with Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) -- to monopolize the mobile chip market. Image source: Qualcomm. Samsung, echoing a previous ruling by the Korean FTC, claims that Qualcomm blocked it from selling its in-house Exynos chips to third-party smartphone makers with a patent deal from 1993. If Samsung sold Exynos chips to other OEMs, either Samsung or the OEM would need to pay Qualcomm additional licensing fees -- thus making its chips pricier than comparable Qualcomm chips. These claims paint a grim picture of Qualcomm as a company that leverages its massive portfolio of 3G/4G wireless patents to marginalize rival chipmakers and pressure smartphone makers into lopsided deals. Qualcomm asserts that the claims are "baseless," but the legal battles seem to be escalating rapidly. Previously on Qualcomm vs. the world... Prior to the FTC lawsuit, Qualcomm was fined $975 million in China and forced to lower its licensing fees in 2015, then fined another 1 trillion won ($888 million) in South Korea the following year. Chinese regulators fined Qualcomm for charging licensing fees based on the entire value of a phone, since its licensed technologies were only used in some wireless components. Qualcomm agreed to charge fees based on 65% of the price instead, and renegotiated new licensing agreements with Chinese OEMs. Image source: Getty Images. The Korean FTC alleges that Qualcomm refused to offer fair licenses to rival chipset makers (like Samsung), while charging smartphone makers unfair licensing fees. Qualcomm also faces ongoing probes in Taiwan and the European Union -- which could result in similar fines. Those cases preceded a showdown with Apple, which sued Qualcomm in the U.S. and China. Apple, which exclusively used Qualcomm modems from 2011 to 2016, claims that the chipmaker withheld rebate payments from the deal in retaliation for its cooperation with the Korean FTC during its investigation. Apple also recently started withholding all of its licensing payments to Qualcomm, which resulted in Qualcomm suing four of Apple's contract manufacturers. An ongoing siege on its most profitable business Qualcomm's licensing business will remain under siege for the foreseeable future, which is deeply troubling because it generates the lion's share of the company's profits. If Qualcomm is forced to lower its licensing fees and split its chipmaking and licensing businesses, it could be easier for rivals like MediaTek, Intel, and Qualcomm to gain market share in application processors or baseband modems. However, Qualcomm's wireless patents -- all of which it either developed or acquired -- still give it plenty of legal firepower against these challengers. Intel and Samsung's official backing of the FTC is certainly an unwelcome development, but their motivations are fairly obvious. Image source: Samsung. Intel, which was once fined for paying PC makers rebates to not use AMD chips, likely wants to kneecap Qualcomm to become a preferred alternative supplier of baseband modems -- especially for their shared customer Apple. Samsung, which is being investigated for its influence over the Korean FTC, could bolster its growing semiconductor business if it sells its Exynos chips to other OEMs. Should investors hunker down or retreat? Qualcomm's core business was rock solid when its high-margin licensing business supported its lower-margin chipmaking one. But now its licensing fees are being challenged by OEMs and regulators, and its chips are ceding market share in the highly commoditized mobile market. It's tempting to retreat under these conditions, but investors should also remember that Qualcomm's P/E of 19 is well below the industry average of 26, it pays a hefty forward dividend yield of 4.1%, and its upcoming acquisition of NXP Semiconductors should diversify its business away from mobile devices while strengthening its patent portfolio. Therefore, I don't think that it's the right time to give up on Qualcomm -- even though the next few quarters could be pretty rough.   Leo Sun owns shares of Qualcomm. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool recommends Intel and NXP Semiconductors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Leo is a Tech and Consumer Goods Specialist who has covered the crossroads of Wall Street and Silicon Valley since 2012. His wheelhouse includes cloud, IoT, analytics, telecom, and gaming related businesses. Follow him on Twitter for more updates! Follow @TMFSunLion Article Info May 19, 2017 at 11:00AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $152.90 up $0.36 (0.24%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $35.40 up $0.18 (0.51%) Qualcomm NASDAQ:QCOM $57.67 up $1.55 (2.76%) Advanced Micro Devices NASDAQ:AMD $11.41 up $0.14 (1.20%) NXP Semiconductors NASDAQ:NXPI $107.75 up $0.48 (0.45%) Samsung NASDAQOTH:SSNLF $1,800.00 down $-50.00 (-2.70%) Read More Why Advanced Micro Devices Stock Surged Today Intel Corporation: The Bear Case From a Bull 3 Tech Stocks for May These Jaw-Dropping Facts Will Change Your Mind About the Internet of Things Intel Corporation's Core X-Series Processors Revealed Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Qualcomm Gets Double Teamed by Intel and Samsung @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $INTC, $QCOM, $AMD, $NXPI, $SSNLF
Computing Phones Cars Gaming Science Extreme Deep Dives Deals About ExtremeTech ET Forums Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Home Extreme Intel Puts the Kibosh on Reports It Will License AMD GPU Technology Intel Puts the Kibosh on Reports It Will License AMD GPU Technology By Joel Hruska on May 19, 2017 at 10:30 am Comment One of the more intriguing (and if we’re being honest, slightly weird) rumors from last year was that AMD and Intel might cooperate on a GPU patent-sharing deal, or possibly a direct design agreement in which AMD would build GPUs for its largest competitor in the CPU space. The only reason we gave the idea any consideration at all was because AMD had reorganized its graphics unit into the Radeon Technology Group (RTG) specifically so that it could have more freedom to pursue ideas and potential revenue sources. A custom agreement with Intel would definitely qualify. One issue that we hadn’t grappled with (and should’ve), however, was the nature of Intel’s agreement with Nvidia. While it’s true that this agreement ended earlier this year, with the final revenue payment from Chipzilla to Team Green, Mark Hibben of SeekingAlpha has correctly pointed out that the actual patent license that Intel struck with Nvidia is perpetual. Intel hasn’t lost access to any NV patents as a result of completing its license payments, and therefore doesn’t need to sign an agreement with AMD to replace them. We regret not catching that properly the first time around, and possibly giving more life to a rumor in the process. The idea that Intel needed a deal with AMD or Nvidia is false (or, at the least, it’s false until such time as one or more parties start flinging around lawsuit threats). The idea of Intel building a GPU with AMD had legs, because it also seemed as if it might address the only real weakness Intel CPUs possess. AMD’s Ryzen may be better positioned as far as performance per watt, but Intel continues to build an extremely capable CPU core, and could easily trim its pricing to bring its cores more in-line with AMD’s Ryzen 5 and Ryzen 7 families. But as far as GPU performance is concerned, outside its models with EDRAM, AMD is still considered to have an overall edge. Certainly it has an edge in terms of overall IP and expertise, and that could have been enough to spark a deal with Intel…at least in theory. Of course, it didn’t hurt that AMD’s GPU market share had fallen to an all-time low around the same time, which could have left the smaller manufacturer more interested in any agreement it might make to expand its own market access. AMD’s graphics sales have begun to rebound, but the company has fallen hard the past five years. Figures like these made a deal with Intel easier to imagine. Intel, however, has reached out to put the kibosh on such rumors. In a statement sent to Barrons, Intel stated, “The recent rumors that Intel has licensed AMD’s graphics technology are untrue.” The company has said that further information will not be provided. AMD has said that its upcoming APUs based on Ryzen will also use the company’s Vega graphics architecture (we had expected Polaris to be tapped for this), and will appear in-market in the back half of this year. Overall GPU performance is expected to increase by 40 percent compared with Carrizo, with significant reductions in power consumption and a 50 percent gain in CPU performance. If the company succeeds in hitting these goals it should be quite competitive with Intel in its lower-watt power envelopes, and more able to compete against the company in both desktops and laptops. It would’ve been cool to see an Intel CPU with an AMD GPU alongside it on the same piece of silicon. But AMD GPU fans shouldn’t have to feel like they’re picking between decent graphics and acceptable CPU performance once Ryzen APUs debut later this year. At least, that’s the goal — but we’re a lot more optimistic about AMD’s chances of hitting its targets, now that we’ve seen what Ryzen can do. Tagged In intel amd gpu cpu semiconductors radeon apu graphics Post a Comment Comment ExtremeTech Newsletter Subscribe Today to get the latest ExtremeTech news delivered right to your inbox. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. More Articles AMD’s RX Vega Won’t Launch Until Later This Year May 19 Hands On With the DJI Mavic Pro: A Serious Drone That Fits in Your Daypack May 19 ET Deals: Save 90% on the System Administration and Infrastructure Management Bundle May 19 This Week in Space: From Paranal to Proxima B May 19 The FCC Votes to Kill Net Neutrality, Dismantle Title II Rules Governing ISPs May 19 About ExtremeTech Advertising Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Accessibility Statement Use of this site is governed by our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Copyright 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC.PCMag Digital Group All Rights Reserved. ExtremeTech is a registered trademark of Ziff Davis, LLC. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of Ziff Davis, LLC. is prohibited. unused We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here. ×
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Honeywell’s Connected Freight Technology Monitors High-Value And Perishable Goods In Transit, Helping Prevent Damage, Loss And Theft FORT MILL, S.C., May 18, 2017 / / — Honeywell (NYSE: HON) today announced a  new Connected Freight solution that gives shippers and logistics companies unprecedented ability to monitor shipments of high-value and perishable goods, helping prevent costly damage and loss. The new solution, developed in collaboration with Intel and third-party logistics companies, provides real-time information about the location and condition of critical freight while in transit. The solution was introduced during Honeywell Safety and Productivity Solutions’ launch event today. „Honeywell is developing a range of Connected Supply Chain solutions that leverage technology and data to make supply chains more efficient and better able to adapt to rapid change,” said Taylor Smith, president of Honeywell’s Workflow Solutions business. „For shippers, logistics providers, retailers and others faced with a host of costly freight challenges, such as theft, damage, spoilage and delays, this convenient cloud-based solution provides customers with detailed analytics in order to plan, anticipate and react immediately to incidents that occur during shipment.” Real-time shipment information is critical, for example, when shipping perishables and goods that require uninterrupted refrigeration, such as pharmaceuticals, or high-value equipment that is sensitive to vibration or shock. „After assessing our internal supply chain needs and the needs of the industry, we forged a unique collaboration with Honeywell. Together, we’ve customized Intel’s Connected Logistics Platform technology to deliver an IoT offering that solves real logistics problems,” said Chet Hullum, general manager for Industrial Solutions at Intel. „Thanks to data accessibility, shippers and carriers will be able to establish a more reliable supply chain network by having deeper visibility and information on shipments.” Honeywell’s Connected Freight solution consists of cost-effective sensor tags that sense a range of environmental conditions, such as temperature or vibration. The tags can be affixed to pallets or individual packages. The sensor data is captured by a mobile gateway placed inside a truck or shipping container and then transmitted via cellular networks to a cloud-based command-and-control platform. Users can establish alerts based on temperature, shock, tilt, humidity, pressure and intrusion detection. The solution can alert manufacturers of high-value, highly sensitive technology if equipment has been damaged while being loaded or unloaded, or if it may have been stolen. The cloud can also store data for compliance and audit needs, and provide predictive and reactive analysis, such as which routes to avoid. Honeywell developed the technology with Intel and three prominent third-party logistics companies: DHL, Expeditors and Kuehne + Nagel. „Kuehne + Nagel chose Honeywell and Intel to partner in the development of Connected Freight because of their expertise and competence in this kind of technology. We have used our competence as a global provider of logistics services and our expertise in supply chain management in order to co-develop this new technology,” said Martin Kolbe, chief information officer at Kuehne + Nagel International AG. „We understand and anticipate the need for real-time data to inform customer actions during transportation very well. Armed with the Connected Freight solution, Kuehne + Nagel can offer a variety of new services tailored to our customers’ specific needs. There are ongoing trials of the technology with one of our customers in the pharmaceutical and healthcare industry, which is of strategic importance for Kuehne + Nagel.” In addition to Connected Freight, Honeywell today unveiled a range of connected solutions for truck drivers, delivery workers and field technicians to improve productivity and ensure compliance with regulations.  A replay of the launch broadcast can be viewed on Honeywell’s website or by visiting: http://hwll.co/live. Intel is a trademark of Intel in the United States and some other countries. Honeywell Safety and Productivity Solutions (SPS) provides products, software and connected solutions that improve productivity, workplace safety and asset performance for our customers across the globe. We deliver on this promise through industry-leading mobile devices, software, cloud technology and automation solutions, the broadest range of personal protective equipment and gas detection technology, and custom-engineered sensors, switches and controls. We also manufacture and sell a broad portfolio of footwear for work, play and outdoor activities, including XtraTufTM and Muck BootTM brand footwear. Honeywell (www.honeywell.com) is a Fortune 100 software-industrial company that delivers industry specific solutions that include aerospace and automotive products and services; control technologies for buildings, homes, and industry; and performance materials globally.  Our technologies help everything from aircraft, cars, homes and buildings, manufacturing plants, supply chains, and workers become more connected to make our world smarter, safer, and more sustainable.  For more news and information on Honeywell, please visit www.honeywell.com/newsroom. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Prepacked Chromatography Columns Market Is Expected To Reach US$3.3 bn By 2024 Next PostNext Global Cardiac Pacemakers Market Is Expected To Cross 2.4 Mn Units By The End Of 2023 Search Recent Posts Epigenetics takes center stage with this years Addiction Science Awards Czech Republic Smokeless Tobacco Industry Key Trends, Size, Growth, Shares and Forecast Research Report 2017 Global Arts and Crafts Tools Industry 2017 Market Trends, Reviews, Applications, Demands, Sales, Pricing, Types, Growth Factors Global Steering Columns Systems Industry 2017 Market Applications, Leading Vendors : Nexteer, Bosch, Schaeffler, Namyang, TRW Overall Telecom Service Revenue in Cameroon Will Grow at a CAGR of 10.6% During 2016-2021 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
This website uses cookies. Continued browsing of this site implies consent for the use of these cookies. Find out more here >> Post & Parcel powered by Triangle. Home In Depth Events Directory About Companies E-commerce Environment Human Resources Innovation Regulation Retail Technology RSS Post & Parcel > News > Companies > Honeywell launches “Connected Freight” solution Log-in Register News Honeywell launches “Connected Freight” solution Friday, May 19th, 2017 Honeywell has launched a new “Connected Freight” solution which will help shippers and logistics companies monitor shipments of high-value and perishable goods. The new solution, which was developed in collaboration with Intel and the logistics companies DHL, Expeditors and Kuehne + Nagel, provides real-time information about the location and condition of critical freight while in transit. “Honeywell is developing a range of Connected Supply Chain solutions that leverage technology and data to make supply chains more efficient and better able to adapt to rapid change,” said Taylor Smith, president of Honeywell’s Workflow Solutions business. “For shippers, logistics providers, retailers and others faced with a host of costly freight challenges, such as theft, damage, spoilage and delays, this convenient cloud-based solution provides customers with detailed analytics in order to plan, anticipate and react immediately to incidents that occur during shipment.” Honeywell anticipates that the Connected Freight solution will be particular usual for companies shipping goods that require uninterrupted refrigeration, such as pharmaceuticals, or high-value equipment that is sensitive to vibration or shock. “After assessing our internal supply chain needs and the needs of the industry, we forged a unique collaboration with Honeywell. Together, we’ve customized Intel’s Connected Logistics Platform technology to deliver an IoT offering that solves real logistics problems,” said Chet Hullum, general manager for Industrial Solutions at Intel. “Thanks to data accessibility, shippers and carriers will be able to establish a more reliable supply chain network by having deeper visibility and information on shipments.” Honeywell’s Connected Freight solution consists of cost-effective sensor tags that sense a range of environmental conditions, such as temperature or vibration. The tags can be affixed to pallets or individual packages. The sensor data is captured by a mobile gateway placed inside a truck or shipping container and then transmitted via cellular networks to a cloud-based command-and-control platform. Users can establish alerts based on temperature, shock, tilt, humidity, pressure and intrusion detection. The solution can alert manufacturers of high-value, highly sensitive technology if equipment has been damaged while being loaded or unloaded, or if it may have been stolen. The cloud can also store data for compliance and audit needs, and provide predictive and reactive analysis, such as which routes to avoid. In addition to Connected Freight, Honeywell also used a Safety and Productivity Solutions’ launch event yesterday (18 May) to unveil a range of connected solutions for truck drivers, delivery workers and field technicians. Source: Honeywell Tags: Innovation Print Send to friend Bookmark Save Leave a Comment Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. Related Articles Swiss Post looking to build on 2IPD ranking Australia Post and Federal Government team up on digital services CMC rolls out new CMC CartonPack San Francisco mulling ban on sidewalk delivery robots UPS integrates chatbot with UPS My Choice Most popular Latest comments Online shoppers alienated by poor delivery experiences Royal Mail reports FY 2016-17 results The real “Uber for freight” Otto Group reports rise in revenue and profitability San Francisco mulling ban on sidewalk delivery robots Retailers losing out by calling time too early on Christmas deliveries UPS UK to hire 1,300 for holiday season Zyllem reportedly set to discontinue Singapore delivery operations Parcels delivered by taxi USPS set to trial experimental e-commerce product New Directory Members Direct Link Worldwide Ltd Direct Link specialises in international cross border distribution and returns of e-commerce packages worldwide. Parent company PostNord (the merged Swedish and Danish Post Offices) supports Direct Link with IT expertise, postal connections and international logistics solutions, across the Nordic countries and intercontinentally. Sign-up Post & Parcel Newsletters (Help)  Daily newsletter  Weekly newsletter Subscribe free Latest Issue Subscribe now About Post & Parcel Post & Parcel is your key to the global mail and express industry. Every week Post & Parcel features the latest news, analysis of trends, insightful viewpoints, and exclusive interviews with leading industry experts. Find out more Advertise with us We provide brands with an exciting range of advertising opportunities to reach the influential Post & Parcel audience. With campaigns suitable for every budget you can achieve your marketing objectives with Post & Parcel. Find out more powered by Triangle. Copyright © 2017 Contact Us | Feedback | Submit press release | Terms & conditions | Privacy | Q&A
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Epigenetics takes center stage with this year’s Addiction Science Awards  A project applying the science of epigenetics to demonstrate the health dangers of hookah smoke won a first-place Addiction Science Award at the 2017 Intel International Science and Engineering Fair (ISEF)—the world’s largest science competition for high school students. The awards are coordinated by the National Institute on Drug Abuse (NIDA), part of the National Institutes of Health, and Friends of NIDA, a coalition that supports NIDA’s mission. The Intel ISEF Addiction Science Awards were presented at a ceremony Thursday night at the downtown Convention Center in Los Angeles. First place winner of the 2017 Addiction Science Award (L-R): Judges Drs. Eric Hayden and Chris Evans, 1st place winner Anusha Zaman, and Judge Dr. Mitchell Wong The first and second place awards went to students using epigenetics—how the environment can change gene expression. First place went to 16-year-old Anusha Zaman from the Baton Rouge Magnet High School in Louisiana, for her project, Epigenetic and Biotransformation Effects of Hookah Smoke Extract on Human Oral Keratinocytes. The high school sophomore analyzed the effect of wet and dry hookah smoke extracts on epithelial cells taken from inside human mouths. She discovered that hookah smoke induces potentially detrimental cellular responses relevant to inflammation and cancer. Her findings suggest that hookah smoke produces adverse health effects similar to those produced by cigarette smoke.   The second place award went to Nkima Stephenson from Conyers, Georgia, for her project, Data Analysis of the Epigenetics of Drug and Alcohol Dependence. The 18-year-old senior from the Rockdale Magnet School for Science and Technology used the GeneWeaver database, which allows a functional analysis across multiple species through homology mapping. Using both human and rodent data, she compared data sets containing genes directly related to alcohol exposure, to sets containing genes modified by environmental influences, but also related to alcohol exposure. In doing so, she identified genetic and environmental factors that could signify a predisposition to addiction. Thanks to her work, the database now contains a more extensive collection of information that could be useful to other researchers studying substance use disorders.  “We are delighted that these students are discovering the potential of epigenetic research to study the effects of drugs on our brain and our body, including those that result in addiction,” said NIDA Director Nora D. Volkow, M.D. Third place went to Kashfia Rahman from Brookings High School in Brookings, South Dakota for her project The Dynamics of Habituation: A Neural Study of the Effects of Repeated Exposures to Risky Behaviors on Cognitive Control and Emotional Responses in the Adolescent Brain. The 17-year-old junior used a comprehensive series of measures to test the process of habituation, where the perception of risk decreases incrementally each time the teen is exposed to a decision about a dangerous behavior. She tested many components of risky behaviors and in some subjects even used a portable EEG technology to measure emotional responses. She concluded that repeated risky exposures can desensitize associated negative responses, explaining why teens take risks when they know a behavior is dangerous.  The Friends of NIDA provides funding for the awards as part of its ongoing support of research into the causes, consequences, prevention, and treatment of drug abuse and addiction. “It is impressive to see so many high-quality projects related to addiction science this year,” said William Dewey, Ph.D., president and chair of the Executive Committee, Friends of NIDA, as well as the Louis S. and Ruth S. Harris Professor and chair, Department of Pharmacology and Toxicology, Virginia Commonwealth University, Richmond. “In fact, to recognize as many of these young scientists as possible, we took the unusual step of awarding three Honorable Mentions this year.” Honorable Mentions were awarded to 18-year-old Anuj Gupta from Roslyn High School in Roslyn Heights, New York for Do Parents Really Know Best? Investigating the Relationship between Perceived Parental Goals and Academic Factors; Dilge Kocabas (age 17) and Dilara Alev Ortel (age 19) from the Takev Fen Lisesi School in Izmir Narlidere, Turkey for Illegal Substance Biodetectives: Apta-Liposomes; and 15-year-old Caleb Martonfi from Tuscumbia High School in Tuscumbia, Missouri for And the Winner Is…Developing a Computer Program to Investigate Neural Competition with Multimodal Stimuli. In referring to all of the awardees, Dr. Volkow commented, “It’s very gratifying to see the creative contributions that these young researchers are already making to the science of drugs and substance use disorders, including the factors that might underlie vulnerability for drug-taking.” Judges for this year’s Addiction Science Awards included three NIDA grantees from the University of California at Los Angeles (UCLA): Drs. Chris Evans, Vivek Shetty, and Mitchell Wong, as well as UCLA neuroscientist Dr. Eric Hayden. This year, about 1,800 students from more than 75 countries, regions and territories participated in the Intel ISEF competition, coordinated by the Society for Science and the Public. The nonprofit organization partners with Intel—along with dozens of other corporate, academic, government and science-focused sponsors—to provide support and awards each year. Addiction Science winners receive cash awards provided by individual scientists in the field through Friends of NIDA, with a $2,500 scholarship for the first-place honoree, $1,500 for second place and $1,000 for the third-place distinction. NIDA has developed a special section on its website, which includes other resources on addiction science, to highlight the winning projects and to help science fair entrants understand the criteria for the awards:  The NIDA Science Fair Award for Addiction Science. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAddiction Science, Brain, College Students, College-Age and Young Adults, Genetics, Researchers, Science Fair Awards, Students, Teachers, Teens Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Press Gaggle by Press Secretary Sean Spicer aboard Air Force One en route Washington, D.C. Next PostNext Marel- Viðskipti með eigin bréf Search Recent Posts Global Low Harmonic Drives Market to Grow at a CAGR of 4.76% to 2021 Pantoprazole Sodium (CAS 138786-67-1) Professional Survey Report in Forecast to 2022 Health Tech Startup SAFKAN Wins $145,000 Grand Prize at Seattle Angel Conference XI Thom Ross “My Last Conversation with Albert Ball” New Paintings Protein For Fitness Offers Exercise Enthusiasts a One-Stop Reference for Reviews, News, and More Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
NCAA NFL MLB Recruiting More Sports Fantasy Military Fishing Hunting Living Membership Tickets App Teams NCAA Football HQ FB Recruiting NCAA Basketball HQ BK Recruiting Tailgating Teams NFL HQ Draft Rankings Fantasy Tailgating Teams MLB HQ Transactions Scouting Top Prospects FB Recruiting HQ FB Prospects FB Commits FB Team Rankings JC Football BK Recruiting HQ BK Prospects BK Commits BK Team Rankings High School Sports NBA Golf Cleveland Sports Rankings Fantasy HQ Tools Daily Fantasy Forums Play Join Warrior The latest news and tech from the field of combat. North American Fisherman Fishing news and video from NAF. Wired2Fish Gear reviews, guides, and how-to videos for serious anglers. Fishhound Tracking all things fishing...all the time. North American Hunter Hunting news, video, and gear reviews from NAH. Gear News and reviews on the hottest gear, fastest cars, and latest tech. Build Gear reviews and how-to guides for the handyman. Tailgate Recipes, games, and guides for American's fastest-growing sport. Garden Tips and tricks for landscaping and lawn care. Cook Recipes and tutorial videos. SCOUT Sign In Forums Forums List SI Members Board Football Board Basketball Board Football Stories Roster Schedule Team Stats FB Recruiting Prospects Visits Commits Team Rankings State Rankings Eligibility Basketball Stories Roster Schedule Team Stats BK Recruiting Prospects Visits Commits Team Rankings Eligibility News All Football FB Recruiting Basketball BK Recruiting Upcoming Events Shop Tickets Join WR Jaylen Waddle (© Greg Powers) Sooner Intel: OU's attempt at an #HTownTakeover? Bob Przybylo Yesterday at 6:58 AM Intel returns highlighting OU trying to make a dent in Houston. The Sooner Intel, created by Bob Przybylo in 2011, is an inside look into Oklahoma football and basketball recruiting and is solely for Sooners Illustrated subscribers. It is a sneak peek into what’s happening with OU recruiting and is not to be distributed anywhere else. Sometimes it just takes one. Get that one commit and then let everything else start to take care of itself on the recruiting trail. The Houston area is full of top talent. Across the board, it feels like there is no way you could get shut out from all the prospects in the area. http://www.scout.com/player/215347-starrland-baldwin?s=73 Oklahoma got on the board last week with Houston Cypress Falls cornerback Starrland Baldwin. And now? The Sooners are in the thick of things. “To be honest, I think I can play a pretty big role in terms of them,” Baldwin said. “I’ve played with a lot of those top recruits.” http://www.scout.com/player/212643-leon-o-neal?s=73 http://www.scout.com/player/208106-jaylen-waddle?s=73 There are two that OU fans should absolutely circle are Houston Cypress Springs safety Leon O’Neal and Houston Bellaire Episcopal wide receiver Jaylen Waddle. Maybe it’s a coincidence, maybe not, but both O’Neal and Waddle have been rumored to have been mistreated by Texas during their recruitment to open things up. O’Neal thought he was a top priority for the Longhorns, but then Texas was able to flip Cibolo (Texas) Steele’s Caden Sterns earlier this month. Waddle thought he was a top pick for Texas, but the Longhorns already have their slot receiver in Justin Watkins from Florida. OU doesn’t have its top-notch safety or its slot receiver as of this time, meaning the Sooners could absolutely score big with both of them. There are a lot of connections with them. One of the biggest is everybody remembers when Baldwin visited OU for junior day in February and earned the offer? Well, O’Neal drove with Baldwin from Houston to Norman for that occasion. Baldwin was at O’Neal’s spring game this last week and the two have been friends for a long time. “I’m definitely hoping Leon and Jaylen join me at OU,” Baldwin said. Then there is the 7-on-7 component of everything. Team Fast has taken the state of Texas by storm, and it was O’Neal and Baldwin that got the ball rolling in that department. Waddle is also on the team as are a number of other top recruits from all over and committed to various schools. “We talk about a lot of things and some of that is recruiting,” Baldwin said. “We really want Leon and Jaylen. I know OU is going to make every cut they have, and then we’ll see.” Where things get interesting is whether Team Fast actually makes a team trip to Norman. When asked if he was returning to OU anytime soon, Baldwin said the plan has been for the entire 7-on-7 team to make a trip to OU. That would mean guys like Sterns, like Casey Thompson, like Waddle and O’Neal, you get the picture. If it could be pulled off, it would be an incredible recruiting opportunity for the Sooners. It doesn’t stop in football, though. OU basketball has focused a lot more on Houston in recent years, and it has paid off. Although technically Kameron McGusty played his senior season at Bel Aire (Kan.) Sunrise Christian, he’s a Houston kid, growing up in Katy, Texas. Christian James went to Houston Bellaire. OU’s first pledge for 2018 is a Katy kid in Katy Tompkins shooting guard Jamal Bieniemy. http://www.scout.com/player/200306-quentin-grimes?s=146 And perhaps OU’s prized recruit for 2018 could be from the area with The Woodlands (Texas) College Park point guard Quentin Grimes. Add that to assistant coach Carlin Hartman, who knows the area incredibly well from his time coaching at Rice. And add that to defensive line coach Calvin Thibodeaux, who grew up in Houston, and you start to see why the Sooners and should and will continue to attack the area. It’s not an all-out #HTownTakeover, but the Sooners are making their imprint just a bit more little by little in the area.   Share on Facebook  Share on Twitter Trending on Scout Army Upgrades Artillery Fire Targeting OU felt like home for Jamal Bieniemy OU gives tour of completed facilities Chinese Media Cites Rockets - South China Sea Shok Valley: Green Beret Survives Ambush Share & Embed 4-star Stills Dominates The Opening Charlotte Full Story Sooners Illustrated Top Stories OU felt like home for Jamal Bieniemy Intel returns with an update on OU's first basketball commit for 2018, Jamal Bieniemy. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedYesterday at 6:54 AM Starrland Baldwin's love of OU never left Intel returns with an update with OU commit Starrland Baldwin. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedYesterday at 6:50 AM OU's 'must-get' for 2018 class When examining OU's 2018 class, one position clearly stands out. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedWednesday at 9:02 AM Sooners Illustrated hitting the OKPreps road It's time to hit the road. Sooners Illustrated will be all over the state the next 2-3 weeks seeing the best of the best in OKPreps. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedTuesday at 8:24 AM Let OKPreps spring football begin!A review of the top 10 prospects in the state and where things stand as spring football begins. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedMonday at 9:42 AM OU's defensive 'wish list' - May OU's defensive 'wish list' for May as Sooners attempt to build monster defensive class. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedMonday at 7:46 AM OU gives tour of completed facilitiesOU's facilities are done. The Sooners are home. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedThursday at 6:36 AM 4-star Stills Dominates The Opening CharlotteMATTHEWS, N.C. -- Defensive tackle Dante Stills shows why he is now a four-star on Scout after dominating The Opening Regional. by Brian Dohn Scout FootballThursday at 6:13 AM Przybylo podcast: Riley contract huge for OUThe BoneMan Show returns explaining why Lincoln Riley's contract extension is so significant for OU moving forward. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedWednesday at 6:27 AM OU hoping to see 20/20 in 2020Examining OU's early offers for the 2020 class. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedTuesday at 10:06 AM Scout 300 LB Changes Commitment DateGardena (Calif.) Serra linebacker Merlin Robertson was planning to make a summer commitment but said he will now go through the recruiting process and take all of his official… by Greg Biggins Scout FootballMonday at 6:01 PMLoad More NCAA Teams Forums Basketball BB Recruiting Football FB Recruiting JC Football NFL Teams Forums Fantasy News Free Agents Draft MLB Teams Forums News Top Prospects Scouting Home Handy Cooking Gardening Tailgater More Hunting Fishing Warrior Golf NBA High School Other App Membership Tickets CBS Sports Sign In Sign Up 247 SportsCBS Sports Digital Back To Top Twitter Facebook Instagram RSS Feed About Advertisers Press Help Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Service Careers © 2017 Scout.com All rights reserved Javascript must be enabled to view this page.
HOME NEWS Channels Archive DOWNLOADS New Downloads Categories Archive GAME REVIEWS ARTICLES Rig of the Month Join ROTM PC Buyers Guide Guru3D VGA Charts Editorials Dated content HARDWARE REVIEWS Videocards Processors Audio Motherboards Memory and Flash SSD Storage Chassis Media Players Power Supply Laptop and Mobile Smartphone Networking Keyboard Mouse Cooling Search articles Knowledgebase More Categories FORUMS NEWSLETTER CONTACT New Reviews PowerColor Radeon RX 580 Red Devil review AMD Ryzen 5 1600 review Corsair GLAIVE RGB game mouse review Nvidia Testla Volta V100 and GV100 Preview Fractal Design Celsius S36 review Palit GeForce GTX 1080 Ti GameRock Premium Review ASUS ROG Maximus IX Extreme motherboard review ZOTAC GeForce GTX 1080 Ti AMP Extreme review EVGA GeForce GTX 1080 FTW2 review Guru3D Rig of the Month - April 2017 New Downloads Display Driver Uninstaller Download version 17.0.6.5 AMD Radeon Software Crimson ReLive 17.5.2 driver download GeForce Hotfix driver 382.19 download Intel HD graphics Driver Download Version: 15.45.18.4664 SiSoft Sandra 2017 download RTMa (build 24.18) AMD Radeon Software Crimson ReLive 17.5.1 driver download GeForce 382.05 WHQL driver download AMD Radeon Software Crimson ReLive 17.4.4 driver download GeForce 381.89 WHQL driver download AMD Chipset Drivers Download v17.10 New Forum Topics Mass Effect: Andromeda AMD Ryzen 14nm Wafer Yields Pass 80% - Threadripper CPUs on track A tribute to the best looking game ever - Crysis The AMD Ryzen All In One Tread /Overclocking/Memory Speeds & Timings/Tweaking/Cooling PREY REBOOT - It's a coming.... PREY 2 == Cancelled RTSS 6.7.0 beta 1 The GTX 1050 Ti and GTX 1050 thread The GTX 1080-Ti Thread Asrock BIOS and 3200 mhz! ram Need help finding a TV for PC setup Guru3D.com » News » Intel denies story of license deal with AMD Intel denies story of license deal with AMD by Hilbert Hagedoorn on: 05/18/2017 04:02 PM | Source | 3 comment(s) Intel has thrown cold water on a report that it might license graphics technology from AMD. They returned with a straightand simple denial. AMD earlier on already refused to comment on a report by Fudzilla.  But Intel tells Tiernan Ray "The recent rumors that Intel has licensed AMD's graphics technology are untrue."  In a statement sent to Tech Trader Daily by an Intel spokesperson, the company said "The recent rumors that Intel has licensed AMD's graphics technology are untrue." A rumor had spread on Tuesday that AMD had won a deal to license its graphics technology to Intel, as related by Fuad Abazovic of Fudzilla, who wrote that an AMD-Intel deal was “confirmed,” without citing sources. When AMD failed to disclose any such deal yesterday, during its annual analyst meeting to discuss its technology and financial outlook, the AMD stock was punished Wednesday. Barrons asked Intel if the company has any further detail on whether it has definitely decided not to license technology from AMD. The company said no further detail would be provided. Source: Barrons, Investors Hub Rate this story Rating: 1 ... Bad 2 ... Not the best 3 ... Average 4 ... Good 5 ... Awesome « Lian Li Launches the PC-O12 WX Mid-Tower Case · Intel denies story of license deal with AMD · Ashes of Creation Reveals Impressive New Trailer » Related Stories Intel Cancels Intel Developer Forum - 04/18/2017 08:08 AM And that's now and in the future. We are a bit puzzled as to what is going on with Intel these days, last year here in the Netherlands and well, many other spots in the EU, they cancelled all press-a... New Basin Falls HEDT Intel Desktop Platform will arrive faster than expected - 04/10/2017 08:15 AM At least that claim is made by website benchlife who reports this based on a reliable source. Initially the new platform was expected in the first week of August, but now it has been moved towards th... Intel Delays Skylake-X and Kaby Lake-X release to August - 01/23/2017 02:13 PM Most people expected a May/June release together with Computex for Skylake-X, but Intel has not been the company it has been for years lately. New information shows Skylake-X and Kaby Lake-X processo... Micron en Intel develop new 3D XPoint memory type - 07/28/2015 10:27 PM Intel Corporation and Micron Technology today unveiled 3D XPoint technology, a non-volatile memory that has the potential to revolutionize any device, application or service that benefits from fast ac... Intel Desktop Roadmap 2015 to 2H 2016 Shows Broadwell-E - 07/16/2015 08:15 AM A new Intel consumer Product Roadmap for 2015 and the first half of 2016 has surfaced on the web, courtesy to the XFastest forums. The new slides show the Skylake launch but has additional information... Noisiv Ancient Guru Posts: 5592 Joined: 2010-11-16 #5433156 Posted on: 05/18/2017 04:01 PM People unable to read generating rumors Rumors based on nothing but one single forum post post in Dec 2016, and which Fudzilla has decided to necro for reasons known only to Fudzilla. Lets make something clear: Nothing has expired in March 2017! Except so called capture period. And this "capture period" is used solely to define "patents" that the Nv/Intel Agreement is dealing with: "Patents" shall mean all classes or types of patents [...] to which such entities have the right to grant licenses [...] and have a first effective filing date during the Capture Period. In other words, any patent that is filled after March 31. falls outside the scope of the Agreement. That's all that happened at March 31. Under the patent cross license agreement [...] NVIDIA has granted to Intel and Intel's qualified subsidiaries, a non-exclusive, non-transferable, worldwide license [...] to all patents that are either owned or controlled by the parties at any time that have a first filing date on or before March 31, 2017. The term of the patent cross license agreement continues until the expiration of the last to expire of the licensed patents. Which effectively means that any patented technology that Intel is currently using for its built-in GPUs, it will be able to continue to use until the terms of the patents expire, which for recently granted patents, could be 20 years from now. http://investor.nvidia.com/secfiling...34&cik=1045810 icedman Master Guru Posts: 615 Joined: 2013-02-22 #5433352 Posted on: 05/18/2017 11:27 PM That's really a shame looks like Intel will always suck in mobile when it comes to anything gaming related. Margalus Member Guru Posts: 113 Joined: 2016-07-09 #5433368 Posted on: 05/19/2017 12:17 AM Quote: Originally Posted by icedman That's really a shame looks like Intel will always suck in mobile when it comes to anything gaming related. All integrated sucks. Currently intel has integrated that will game just as well as any integrated that amd has. Post New Comment Click here to post a comment for this news story on the message forum. Guru3D.com © 2017
HOME NEWS Channels Archive DOWNLOADS New Downloads Categories Archive GAME REVIEWS ARTICLES Rig of the Month Join ROTM PC Buyers Guide Guru3D VGA Charts Editorials Dated content HARDWARE REVIEWS Videocards Processors Audio Motherboards Memory and Flash SSD Storage Chassis Media Players Power Supply Laptop and Mobile Smartphone Networking Keyboard Mouse Cooling Search articles Knowledgebase More Categories FORUMS NEWSLETTER CONTACT New Reviews PowerColor Radeon RX 580 Red Devil review AMD Ryzen 5 1600 review Corsair GLAIVE RGB game mouse review Nvidia Testla Volta V100 and GV100 Preview Fractal Design Celsius S36 review Palit GeForce GTX 1080 Ti GameRock Premium Review ASUS ROG Maximus IX Extreme motherboard review ZOTAC GeForce GTX 1080 Ti AMP Extreme review EVGA GeForce GTX 1080 FTW2 review Guru3D Rig of the Month - April 2017 New Downloads Display Driver Uninstaller Download version 17.0.6.5 AMD Radeon Software Crimson ReLive 17.5.2 driver download GeForce Hotfix driver 382.19 download Intel HD graphics Driver Download Version: 15.45.18.4664 SiSoft Sandra 2017 download RTMa (build 24.18) AMD Radeon Software Crimson ReLive 17.5.1 driver download GeForce 382.05 WHQL driver download AMD Radeon Software Crimson ReLive 17.4.4 driver download GeForce 381.89 WHQL driver download AMD Chipset Drivers Download v17.10 New Forum Topics Mass Effect: Andromeda AMD Ryzen 14nm Wafer Yields Pass 80% - Threadripper CPUs on track A tribute to the best looking game ever - Crysis The AMD Ryzen All In One Tread /Overclocking/Memory Speeds & Timings/Tweaking/Cooling PREY REBOOT - It's a coming.... PREY 2 == Cancelled RTSS 6.7.0 beta 1 The GTX 1050 Ti and GTX 1050 thread The GTX 1080-Ti Thread Asrock BIOS and 3200 mhz! ram Need help finding a TV for PC setup Guru3D.com » News » Intel to Further Bundle Optane memory With Series 200 motherboards Intel to Further Bundle Optane memory With Series 200 motherboards by Hilbert Hagedoorn on: 05/18/2017 05:10 PM | Source | 27 comment(s) It seems Intel is hurting in PC sales due to a 'weak demand'in the PC DiY market. Hence Intel is pushing its motherboard partners to bundle Optane memory, much like MSI recently did. Motherboard manufacturers aren't too happy about it though as the bundle increases price, and Optane really isn't in demand at all.  Intel this is furter looking to bundle Optane memory with motherboards using 200 series chipsets such as Z270, in the PC DIY channel to stimulate demand for the Kaby Lake platform. Retailers however are also pessimistic about the idea since the next-generation Coffee Lake is set to become available in late August and consumers are waiting for the new products reports digitimes. Intel released its Kaby Lake-based processors as well as Optane memory and SSD products in January, but their demand has been weak and Intel is hoping the new bundling promotions will be able to increase sales for both product lines. Sources from channel retailers noted that Intel's Optane memory is only supported by 200 series motherboards and Kaby Lake-based Core i7/i5/i3 processors, making the upgrade rather price unfriendly. However, the retail channel already has over 130 models of motherboards that support Optane memory from players including Asustek Computer, Gigabyte Technology, Micro-Star International (MSI) and ASRock, currently. The retailers are now placing their hope in the third quarter and believe the new platform will stimulate demand. Rate this story Rating: 1 ... Bad 2 ... Not the best 3 ... Average 4 ... Good 5 ... Awesome « Ashes of Creation Reveals Impressive New Trailer · Intel to Further Bundle Optane memory With Series 200 motherboards · Download Radeon Software Crimson ReLive 17.5.2 driver » Related Stories Intel to release Compute Card Credit Card-Sized Computer - 01/06/2017 10:05 AM Today, Intel is announcing a new modular compute platform called the Intel® Compute Card along with a range of partners who will be working with Intel to help accelerate the ecosystem of solutions ba... Intel to release 610P SSD with Vertical NAND TLC - 11/07/2016 04:11 PM Intel is to release the 610P SSD PCIe series fitted with Vertical NAND TLC in late 2017. The units will be available in volume sizes of 128 GB, 256 GB, 512 GB, 1 TB, and 2 TB.... Intel to Offer Affordable 600p NVMe SSDs - 08/26/2016 12:33 PM Granted, you do need a compatible motherboard, but NVMe SSDs are as far as I am concerned incredibly intersting if you want enthusiast grade SSD performance. Up-to this moment a little bit pricy. Inte... Intel to manufacture ARM SoCs - 08/17/2016 04:16 PM Pretty big news really, Intel entered a licensing agreement with ARM, basically this allows parties like LG, Qualcomm, Apple, and Samsung, to fab ARM SoCs at Intel fabs. ... Intel to launch 540S-ssd with TLC nand flash memory - 03/30/2016 05:31 PM Intel is to launch 540S-ssd with TLC nand flash memory. The 540S specs can be found on a German price comparison engine. The SSD series will receive 16nm tlc-memory from SK Hynix, the units will be av... 2 pages 1 2 JamesSneed Newbie Posts: 25 Joined: 2017-02-14 #5433203 Posted on: 05/18/2017 06:46 PM I'm not sure this will have much if any impact on the DIY market as most who would roll there own would pick up an SSD instead. Hey Intel, maybe reduce prices of all your mid to high end desktop CPU's would help? moeppel Member Guru Posts: 89 Joined: 2015-06-30 #5433209 Posted on: 05/18/2017 06:54 PM Especially DIY people know about the usefulness of Optane - so of all things I'd bundle there, Optane wouldn't be it. Mufflore Ancient Guru Posts: 10062 Joined: 2010-05-22 #5433211 Posted on: 05/18/2017 06:57 PM They have to do something with their Optane stock I spose. madagent Maha Guru Posts: 1158 Joined: 2002-03-10 #5433215 Posted on: 05/18/2017 07:01 PM Yes, the memory that nobody asked for or needed. It's useless in it's current form to an average user, gaming machine, and probably HEDT users too. Kaarme Master Guru Posts: 644 Joined: 2013-03-10 #5433217 Posted on: 05/18/2017 07:14 PM They should just make standard compatibility M.2 NVMe SSDs with 3D XPoint and sell them for a reasonable price. I know I'd rather spend an M.2 slot for a good-sized SSD, not some stupid 16GB lolptane drive. H83 Maha Guru Posts: 1816 Joined: 2009-09-08 #5433227 Posted on: 05/18/2017 07:49 PM Like everyone said before, Optane in his current state is useless! Don´t understand why Intel even bothered releasing it... Quote: Originally Posted by JamesSneed Hey Intel, maybe reduce prices of all your mid to high end desktop CPU's would help? This would surely help. PrMinisterGR Ancient Guru Posts: 6561 Joined: 2014-09-27 #5433240 Posted on: 05/18/2017 08:05 PM Quote: Originally Posted by H83 Like everyone said before, Optane in his current state is useless! Don´t understand why Intel even bothered releasing it... To recuperate costs. This was supposed to be the great memory/storage unifier technology. It seems that none of them have really come into fruition, including HP's Machine. RedSquirrel Newbie Posts: 39 Joined: 2017-03-06 #5433276 Posted on: 05/18/2017 08:36 PM I wouldn't use Optane in it's current form if you gave it to me for free. Optane is miles from what it was touted to be, it needs years more development. H83 Maha Guru Posts: 1816 Joined: 2009-09-08 #5433298 Posted on: 05/18/2017 09:27 PM Quote: Originally Posted by PrMinisterGR To recuperate costs. This was supposed to be the great memory/storage unifier technology. It seems that none of them have really come into fruition, including HP's Machine. Hard to recuperate costs with a product that nobody wants... As for what it was supposed to be, we have to give it some time. This is the first generation so maybe in the future it will be what it promised to be... Warrax Member Guru Posts: 71 Joined: 2007-01-08 #5433322 Posted on: 05/18/2017 10:18 PM Intel is shooting themselves in the foot with this. As soon as I saw the prices when it was first announced, I knew there wouldnt be demand for it, the price is way too high atm. icedman Master Guru Posts: 615 Joined: 2013-02-22 #5433401 Posted on: 05/19/2017 02:46 AM I've personally never looked into this optane crap but from what I can gather from comments I assume it's just like using a cache drive is that right? angelgraves13 Master Guru Posts: 479 Joined: 2014-10-11 #5433418 Posted on: 05/19/2017 03:55 AM Intel has absolutely no vision. They keep all the great tech to themselves and sell us the scraps like it's gold. I really hope they get someone there to restructure the entire company. They have amazing tech in their labs for sure, but they're giving it to us one bread crumb at a time. I hope AMD's threadripper destroys Intel's X299 lineup at a cheaper price, so Intel can go back to the drawing board. JamesSneed Newbie Posts: 25 Joined: 2017-02-14 #5433566 Posted on: 05/19/2017 03:03 PM Quote: Originally Posted by angelgraves13 Intel has absolutely no vision. They keep all the great tech to themselves and sell us the scraps like it's gold. I really hope they get someone there to restructure the entire company. They have amazing tech in their labs for sure, but they're giving it to us one bread crumb at a time. I hope AMD's threadripper destroys Intel's X299 lineup at a cheaper price, so Intel can go back to the drawing board. I agree and wish the same about AMD. I do believe Intel has slowed its pace so AMD can get back in the race. In the long term its more profitable having AMD with some extra market share than being deemed a monopoly. When Icelake comes out in 1-2 years we will know exactly how much if any Intel was sandbagging for the last few years. Turanis Maha Guru Posts: 1076 Joined: 2014-08-15 #5433571 Posted on: 05/19/2017 03:13 PM Quote: Originally Posted by angelgraves13 Intel has absolutely no vision. They keep all the great tech to themselves and sell us the scraps like it's gold. I really hope they get someone there to restructure the entire company. I told this before,Intel need a CEO with vision of the future,not some old fart which is still have past visions.Yeah,lets get them some i5/i7 with 5-7% perf,lets get them over-priced Xeons with new socket,but same tick-tock. Nobody waits Skylake-X or Coffee Lake,because they will be over-priced vs Ryzen 7. Agent-A01 Ancient Guru Posts: 9245 Joined: 2010-12-27 #5433608 Posted on: 05/19/2017 04:33 PM Quote: Originally Posted by Turanis I told this before,Intel need a CEO with vision of the future,not some old fart which is still have past visions.Yeah,lets get them some i5/i7 with 5-7% perf,lets get them over-priced Xeons with new socket,but same tick-tock. Nobody waits Skylake-X or Coffee Lake,because they will be over-priced vs Ryzen 7. I don't think you understand the technicalities in having huge performance increases. It's going to be small 5-7% boosts until they hit some kind of breakthrough. Yeah you could say more cores but still average PC user can't use many. Granted Prices should be lower but that's another story. On topic: Optane is really nice regarding latency.. Ten times less than avg SSD but in consumer market that's not too important. 2 pages 1 2 Post New Comment Click here to post a comment for this news story on the message forum. Guru3D.com © 2017
HOME NEWS Channels Archive DOWNLOADS New Downloads Categories Archive GAME REVIEWS ARTICLES Rig of the Month Join ROTM PC Buyers Guide Guru3D VGA Charts Editorials Dated content HARDWARE REVIEWS Videocards Processors Audio Motherboards Memory and Flash SSD Storage Chassis Media Players Power Supply Laptop and Mobile Smartphone Networking Keyboard Mouse Cooling Search articles Knowledgebase More Categories FORUMS NEWSLETTER CONTACT New Reviews PowerColor Radeon RX 580 Red Devil review AMD Ryzen 5 1600 review Corsair GLAIVE RGB game mouse review Nvidia Testla Volta V100 and GV100 Preview Fractal Design Celsius S36 review Palit GeForce GTX 1080 Ti GameRock Premium Review ASUS ROG Maximus IX Extreme motherboard review ZOTAC GeForce GTX 1080 Ti AMP Extreme review EVGA GeForce GTX 1080 FTW2 review Guru3D Rig of the Month - April 2017 New Downloads Display Driver Uninstaller Download version 17.0.6.5 AMD Radeon Software Crimson ReLive 17.5.2 driver download GeForce Hotfix driver 382.19 download Intel HD graphics Driver Download Version: 15.45.18.4664 SiSoft Sandra 2017 download RTMa (build 24.18) AMD Radeon Software Crimson ReLive 17.5.1 driver download GeForce 382.05 WHQL driver download AMD Radeon Software Crimson ReLive 17.4.4 driver download GeForce 381.89 WHQL driver download AMD Chipset Drivers Download v17.10 New Forum Topics Mass Effect: Andromeda AMD Ryzen 14nm Wafer Yields Pass 80% - Threadripper CPUs on track A tribute to the best looking game ever - Crysis The AMD Ryzen All In One Tread /Overclocking/Memory Speeds & Timings/Tweaking/Cooling PREY REBOOT - It's a coming.... PREY 2 == Cancelled RTSS 6.7.0 beta 1 The GTX 1050 Ti and GTX 1050 thread The GTX 1080-Ti Thread Asrock BIOS and 3200 mhz! ram Need help finding a TV for PC setup Guru3D.com » News » Shuttle XC60J IPC Powered by Intel Apollo Lake Celeron SoC Shuttle XC60J IPC Powered by Intel Apollo Lake Celeron SoC by Hilbert Hagedoorn on: 05/19/2017 08:47 AM | Source | 0 comment(s) Shuttle announces the latest Intel Apollo lake platform, XC60J support with an Intel Celeron J3355. With built-in Intel HD Graphics and processor, the XC60J can support 4K/Ultra HD video playback and HEVC/H.265 high definition video playback.  The new 3-liter slim PC XC60J features robust performance with a fanless design, powered by the latest Intel® Apollo Lake SoC 14nm processor. This new model provides excellent peripheral connectivity via built-in eight COM ports to power highly interactive Kiosk, vending machine, and POS applications. With integrated Intel® HD graphics, the XC60J can support 4K/Ultra HD video playback and deliver dual displays via HDMI and D-sub. The XC60J offers two USB 3.0, four USB 2.0, SATA 6Gbps, and built-in Intel® Gigabit LAN. Built-in M.2 2280 Type M and M.2 2230 type A expansion slots allow users to install SSDs, Wi-Fi modules, or other such devices to boost the capabilities of XC60J. It is 24/7 certified, operable 0-40 ⁰C environments, and VESA mountable, ideal for versatile applications. FORM FACTOR Mini-ITX MB  3.5 L chassis PROCESSOR Intel Celeron J3355 10W CPU CHIPSET Intel Apollo Lake SoC platform MEMORY (2)DDR3L SO-DIMM slots 1866MHz support, dual channel up to 8GB VIDEO OUTPUT HDMI + VGA port dual display Integrated in CPU AUDIO Realtek ALC662 2.1 channel High Definition Audio ETHERNET Intel i211 Gigabit Ethernet Support Wake-On-LAN function STORAGE INTERFACE SATA 6Gb/s bandwidth  FRONT PANEL (2) USB 2.0 ports (2) USB 3.0 ports (3) RS232 (1) Microphone-In (1) Earphone-Out (1) Power-On button (1) Power LED (1) HDD LED BACK PANEL (1) RJ45 Gigabit LAN port (1) VGA (1) HDMI (2) USB 2.0 ports (4) RS232 (1) RS232/RS422/RS485 (1) Clear CMOS button (1) DC in (2) Wireless Antenna fixture DRIVE BAYS (1) 3.5"/2.5" HDD/SSD bay DIMENSIONS 238(L) x 200(W) x 72(H) mm POWER Input:100- 240V AC 19V/3.42A or Output: 12V/5.41A DC 65W 19V Adapter bundled The XC60J uses a thermal module with cooled heat pipe and sink to transmit heat throughout the system quickly and evenly. The unique fanless design reduces the power consumption required by a fan as well as the cost of replacing fans. Use with solid-state disks and create an operational platform completely free of noise. The all-new XC60J supports Intel® Apollo lake platform technology, equipped with 14 nm Intel® Celeron® J3355 dual-core processor. Support 1.35V DDR3L low-voltage memory with a maximum capacity up to 8GB, able to reduce thermal energy production and overall energy consumption. The Intel® Apollo Lake processor is built-in HEVC/H.265 and VP9 video decoding. The XC60J can decode the video with the latest generation codecs and reduce CPU utilization with lower power consumption. The 3-liter, VESA mountable XC60J is designed for easy integration into commercial applications with limited space and gives users the option for a large 3.5" SATA hard disks or also 2.5" drives able to fitted.  For more information, visit the product page. Rate this story Rating: 1 ... Bad 2 ... Not the best 3 ... Average 4 ... Good 5 ... Awesome « Cougar Teases new Kit - Amazing looking Chassis · Shuttle XC60J IPC Powered by Intel Apollo Lake Celeron SoC · More on Ryzen Memory Support, Game Performance And Ryzen 3 Launch » Related Stories Shuttle launches Android-based fanless 0.5-litre PCs - 04/21/2017 08:42 AM The Shuttle XPC nano product range has been very popular for over two years now. With the addition of the NS02A and the NS02E, it is now being expanded to include two particularly inexpensive models w... Shuttle Now Offers XPC PCs with Kaby Lake Support - 02/23/2017 11:46 AM The first chips for the mobile segment appeared under the code name Kaby Lake back in the autumn of last year. The desktop version is now hitting the market in the first quarter of 2017. What Kaby Lak... Shuttle Releases XPC Nano NC02 NUC Desktop - 11/01/2016 02:42 PM Shuttle extends its XPC nano product range with four new models. Following the launch of the NC01 series in a typical NUC format, the Shuttle XPC nano product range is growing once again. The NC02 mod... Shuttle DQ170 Slim PC - 10/12/2016 08:54 AM Shuttle announced its new DQ170 slim PC designed for applications needing extra encryption and security. It supports hardware TPM (Trusted Platform Module), an international standard for crypto-proces... Shuttle XPC Nano NC02U SFF Desktop - 09/21/2016 08:29 AM The XPC NC02U Ultra Small Form Factor Series supports the latest Skylake-U platform technology. It has a new elegant, space saving design and can attach directly to a monitor with a standard VESA moun... Post New Comment Click here to post a comment for this news story on the message forum. Guru3D.com © 2017
All News | Boards | Chips | Devices | Software | LinuxDevices.com Archive | About | Contact | Subscribe Follow LinuxGizmos: > get email updates < Search LinuxGizmos: Search LinuxGizmos.com + LinuxDevices Archive: LinuxGizmos Sponsor ads: (advertise here) Top 10 trending posts… Tiny Snapdragon 820 module offers Linux, Android 7.0, and 9-axis MEMs Tizen 4.0 unveiled with a Linux-like RTOS variant for IoT Fanless, Linux-friendly Skylake mini-PC has dual M.2 slots Latest Samsung Artik module runs Tizen RT on a Cortex-M4 Ringing in 2017 with 90 hacker-friendly single board computers Ubuntu-ready SMB net appliance has dual mini-PCIe slots Rugged, Linux-ready Qseven module taps Apollo Lake Whipping up IBM Watson voice services with OpenWhisk Open source, $125 NAS SBC has four SATA 3.0 ports Compact, rugged Apollo Lake computer has swappable SATA Follow LinuxGizmos or subscribe to our posts: Follow: Enter your email address to receive notifications of new posts: Email Address LinuxGizmos Sponsor ads: (advertise here) Rugged, Linux-ready Qseven module taps Apollo Lake May 18, 2017 — by Eric Brown — 150 views The “MSC Q7-AL” is a Qseven COM with Intel Apollo Lake, triple display outputs, and options including -40 to 85°C support, 64GB eMMC, and a 3.5-inch carrier. MSC Technologies has spun another Apollo Lake module in the form of a 70 x 70mm, Qseven 2.1 form-factor MSC Q7-AL COM. The announcement follows other recent MSC Apollo Lake module launches including the recent MSC SM2F-AL SMARC 2.0 COM. The module competes with other Qseven 2.x COMs using Intel’s 14nm SoC family including Arbor’s EmQ-i2401, Portwell’s PQ7-M108, Advantech’s SOM-3569, Congatec’s Conga-QA5, and Seco’s Q7-B03. Two versions of the MSC Q7-AL (click image to enlarge) The MSC Q7-AL supports all three of Intel’s Apollo Lake quad-core and dual-core Atom 3900 parts, as well as the dual-core Celeron N3350 and quad-core Pentium N4200. Windows 10 is the default OS, and a Linux BSP available upon request. You can choose between 0 to 60°C and -40 to 85°C models, and optionally purchase the COM with a new 3.5-inch “MSC Q7-MB-EP6-601” carrier board designed for Qseven 2.x modules (see farther below.) Like the recent MSC SM2F-AL SMARC module, the MSC Q7-AL ships with up to 8GB of dual-channel, soldered DDR3L-1866 SDRAM, with optional ECC support. The COM is available with optional, up to 64GB soldered eMMC 5.0 storage, but without the SMARC module’s SATA SSD option. A GbE controller is onboard, but unlike its SMARC sibling, it offers no optional wireless module. The MSC Q7-AL supports triple independent displays with a DisplayPort++ interface that supports both DP 1.2 and/or HDMI 1.4b ports with up to 4096 x 2160 @ 60Hz and 3840 x 2160 @ 30Hz resolution, respectively. A dual-channel, 18/24-bit LVDS interface with up to 1920 x 1200 @ 60Hz can be swapped out for two eDP 1.3 ports with 4K support. HD audio is also available. The MSC Q7-AL is equipped with dual SATA III (6Gbps) interfaces, as well as SD, UART, LPC, I2C, SPI, and SMBus, each in single units. For USB, you get one USB 3.0 host port and one of the following host options, each of which includes 1x host/device port: 2x USB 3.0 plus 4x USB 2.0, 1x USB 3.0 plus 6x USB 2.0, or 8x USB 2.0. Other features on this 5V module include 4x PCIe Gen 2 lanes, a watchdog, PWM fan control, system monitoring, and RTC and EAPI support. Options include TPM 1.2 and TCG (Trusted Computing Group) security.   MSC Q7-MB-EP6 carrier The MSC Q7-AL is available with a 148 x 102mm, “3.5-inch” MSC Q7-MB-EP6 carrier designed for Qseven 2.x modules. The new carrier board is available with the same -40 to 85°C option as the module. MSC Q7-MB-EP6 (click image to enlarge) The MSC Q7-MB-EP6 provides an SD slot and an mSATA socket that appears to be independent of the separate, USB-ready mini-PCIe interface. The coastline presents dual GbE ports, as well as USB 3.0 and 2.0 host ports, a micro-USB 2.0 OTG port, an RS-232 DB-9 port, and a DisplayPort. An HD audio codec is also onboard. Internal interfaces include USB 2.0, SATA II, CAN, RS-232/485, and LVDS or eDP with backlight support, among other I/O. The 5V board has a preinstalled Qseven heat rail, and the Qseven module is placed on the lower side of the baseboard, “making it easy to thermally connect the Qseven heat spreader to a metal enclosure and provide fanless heat dissipation,” says MSC.   Further information The MSC Q7-AL Qseven 2.1 module and MSC Q7-MB-EP6 carrier appear to be available now, with pricing unstated. More information may be found on MSC’s MSC Q7-AL and MSC Q7-MB-EP6 product pages.   Related posts: SMARC 2.0 module gives Apollo Lake plenty of options Qseven COM offers Apollo Lake and a security chip Ubuntu-friendly Qseven COM runs on Apollo Lake SODIMM-style module runs Linux on Apollo Lake Rugged Qseven module runs Linux on Apollo Lake Three more Apollo Lake COMs support Qseven and COM Express Mini Apollo Lake module takes the heat — and the cold Rugged, Linux-friendly module taps Apollo Lake Tiny COM features Apollo Lake and soldered RAM Adlink bakes Apollo Lake into four modules and a Mini-ITX… (advertise here) PLEASE COMMENT BELOW Please comment here... Cancel reply (advertise here) The content on this site is copyright © 2007-2017 Rick Lehrbaum unless otherwise noted. Comments are the property of their submitters. Content originally published on LinuxDevices is Copyright © 1999-2017 QuinStreet Inc. and is reproduced here under license from its owner. LinuxGizmos is part of the DeviceGuru Blog Network. Linux is a registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Contact us | Privacy policy | Terms of use | About us | RSS feed
Free Subscription See the Current Issue Archived Issues Articles White Papers Authors News Products Industrial Hardware Industrial Software Industrial Internet Industrial Networking M2M Sensors Human Interface Embedded TechCon More… Test and Measurement Smart Energy Webcasts E-Letter Fanless Intel (r) Core i3 4010U / i5 4300U DIN Rail compact Box PC Kingdy - Leave a Comment Set out to meet the critical demands of almost any rugged environment, the MBP-32T0-BD fanless DIN Rail Box PC 4Th Gen Intel ULV i3 4010U / i5 4300U processor with 12V/19V/24V DC-In Set out to meet the critical demands of almost any rugged environment, the MBP-32T0-BD fanless DIN Rail Box PC 4Th Gen Intel ULV i3 4010U / i5 4300U processor with 12V/19V/24V DC-In ,equipped with rich connectivity is specifically designed to be operating temperature ranging from -10C ~ +50°C .,The MBP-32T0-BD is a field controller designed for remote management application. with low power consumption processor, the features high reliability and expansion capability. This controller has a compact mechanism design and adopts din-rail mounting to fit in any space-limited environment., Therefore, the MBP-32T0-BD DIN Rail Box PC is ideally suited for use in applications like unmanned room, factory automation, industrial machine and more. Front accessible I/O cabling is very convenient for wiring and maintenance. The digital I/O feature of the MBP-32T0-BD DIN-rail BOX PC provides users with the convenience of digital devices connection. Their compact size with DIN-rail mounting allows for easy installation into control cabinets. Good thermal engineering means no fan and therefore no ventilation holes. For secure mounting, this Box PC can be installed easily on a DIN (Deutsche Industrie Norm) rail mount or in distribution box. Feature • Fanless solution and compact housing • Design for Industrial Automation or DIN rail application • 4th Gen Intel ULV i3 4010U / i5 4300U processor • DDR III L So DIMM memory up to 8GB • 2 x 10/100/1000 Mbps Ethernet • 2 x RS232 , 2 x USB 2.0 , 2 x USB 3.0, 1 x VGA , 1 x HDMI ,1 x Mini PCI e slot • Supports one 2.5” SATA SSD/HDD (or mSATA) • 12V/19V/24V DC-In with terminal block • Front facing I/O ports and indicator for easy maintenance • 8 x DIO, 2 x Audio (optional) • 2 x external antenna (optional) Advertisement Industrial Embedded Systems Articles White Papers Authors News Products © MMXVII Industrial Embedded Systems An OpenSystems Media publication. Home Archived Issues About Advertise Submit News and Products Contact Last updated: Thu, 04 May 2017 16:23:48 +0000
Jump to Navigation AU EDITION | Saturday, May 20, 2017 As of 4:46 PM AEST Subscribe AU Edition Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition U.K. Edition U.S. Edition FOLLOW | Make IBT your homepage Search Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Technology MacBook Pro 2017 news: Next Apple laptop coming with Intel Kaby Lake inside, MacBook Air lives on By Ryan Patrick on May 19 2017 7:45 PM 0 0 0 0 The 2016 MacBook Pro was revealed on Oct. 27. YouTube/Apple The Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) 2017 happens next month and there are reportedly two new models set to be revealed. These are the MacBook Pro 2017 model allegedly coming with Intel Kaby Lake chips and another MacBook Air version which comes as a surprise to many.  Better MacBook Pro 2017 suggested According to Bloomberg, the Cupertino company will be introducing a new MacBook Pro 2017 at the WWDC 2017 and it will come armed with a better chipset. Apple did release a laptop in 2016 but that version hardly left a good impression. A lot of it was tied to the fact that the MacBook Pro 2016 still came with an Intel Skylake chipset, hardly an upgrade from the previous offering. Most questioned the power behind it, made even worse with limits to just 16 GB of RAM.    A lot of that issue with the MacBook Pro 2016 had to do with timing. The Intel Kaby Lake chipset was pretty scarce, supplies of which were erratic. Since it officially rolled out in the market and availability covered, that obstacle has now been covered. The MacBook Pro 2017 will hardly come with changes in aesthetics, meaning the only way to identify the changes is through the specs or the performance which users can find out for themselves. Among the changes to expect to include better management such as the low power mood of the Apple laptop. The MacBook Air lives! The MacBook Pro 2017 is not the only one coming out in the usually software-focused event. A new MacBook Air will crowd the alleged release of the MacBook Pro 2017, upgraded and meaning the product line is not yet up for deletion.  The MacBook Air, a lightweight alternative for folks on the go, will get some upgrades as well. Best used for folks who find the MacBook Pro line too expensive and tight, the MacBook Air got its share of big orders – something believed to have enticed the Cupertino company to keep the device afloat.  It remains to be seen what changes Apple plans for the MacBook Air though it is not expected to be huge. It will most likely come with changes internally, meaning the only way to spot the difference/ improvements is to actually take note of the specs and trying it hands-on. Submit Correction 0 0 0 Related Apple MacBook 2017 models to be announced in June; Air notebook could get a surprise upgrade Apple MacBook no longer considered as best laptop due to premium pricing and limited options Join the Discussion 0 0 0 Search Most Shared Most Read 1 Apple Watch can now detect cardiac arrhythmia with 97 percent accuracy 0 Shares 2 Apple Watch to reportedly have blood sugar-monitoring functionality; Camera band also a possibility 0 Shares 3 Heroin and cocaine addicts receiving the marijuana touch 0 Shares 4 ‘Outlander’ season 3: ‘Better than first two seasons’ 0 Shares 5 ‘Outlander’ season 3: ‘Out of this world performance’ 0 Shares 6 ‘Outlander’ season 3: Fergus at beach and Governor’s house 0 Shares 7 ‘Outlander’ season 3 will be ‘bigger’ and ‘bolder’ 0 Shares 8 ‘Prison Break’ Season 5: Sarah Wayne Callies opens up on Michael 0 Shares 9 Features fans want to see again on “The Sims 5” 0 Shares 10 SolarCity CEO quits; Cash-heavy competitors pose threat to Tesla 0 Shares Follow Us Please enter a valid email Like us Follow us Full site feed Gov't reveals cyber attack in Australian businesses is rising Telstra Wifi calling capability enabled for iPhone, Samsung Galaxy users Manufacturers get $100-million fund as automotive producers leave Australia Qantas crowned Australia’s most attractive employer PwC, KPMG, Westpac and Commonwealth Bank among Australia’s top companies to work for Microsoft says WannaCry ransomware must be a wake-up call for governments More Business Economy Markets Companies Real Estate Banking & Finance FDA to require restaurants to post nutritional info for their menu starting May 5 Melania Trump welcomes Queen Rania of Jordan, heads to an all-girls school Pump hydro storage can help build 100 percent renewable energy grid Study shows Western Australians are unhappiest at work; older, female employees are more satisfied Egyptians unite after church bombing; Abdel Fatah el-Sisi declares state of emergency Trump to visit China; Xi approves 100-day trade talks plan More News Australia Asia Pacific Africa The Americas Europe Middle East CM Punk dangled lucrative offer by 5 Star Wrestling Michael Schumacher family threat thwarted, offender sentenced Lakers 'fed up' of D'Angelo Russell's lack of leadership, reveals ESPN insider Roger Federer pulled out of French open due to Rafael Nadal, says Todd Woodbridge Ryan Fitzpatrick seeks new opportunity with Buccaneers Rafael Nadal vs Dominic Thiem live stream: Watch Italian Open online More Sports AFL NRL Rugby Union Cricket Soccer Tennis Motor Sports Basketball NFL Fight Sports More Australia to soon grow medical marijuana locally, believes expert Cyber attack 2017: Aussies urged to update anti-virus software Telstra to refund nbn customers not receiving promised speeds Famed Nintendo titles ‘Legend of Zelda’ and ‘Pokemon’ getting mobile version soon Apple Watch can now detect cardiac arrhythmia with 97 percent accuracy Spyslide webcam cover: Features, price and release details More Life Environment & Science Health & Wellbeing Gaming Technology Travel & Food Fashion & Beauty Art & Design 'Supernatural' 12x23 finale spoilers 'Supernatural' 12x22 spoilers 'Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.' season 4 finale: Ghost Rider rejoins team, tracks down Aida; ‘out of this world’ fan experience teased '13 Reasons Why' season 2: What to expect '12 Monkeys' Season 3 episode 3 'Enemy' and episode 4 'Brothers' spoilers ‘Star Wars: The Last Jedi’ spoilers: Force ghost cameo More Entertainment Movies TV Celebrities Music McLaren 570GT Review: Grand, But No Touring Car IBTimes Newsletters Sign up to get the latest headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. We value your privacy. Your email address will not be shared. Sections Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Careers Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy IBT Media Syndication Editions Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
CPUs GRAPHICS MOTHERBOARDS CASES & POWER STORAGE MOBILE GAMING FORUMS JOBS MORE... NEWS BREADBOX PODCASTS BLOGS SYSTEMS MULTIMEDIA MISCELLANY ARCHIVE ABOUT US Customize The Tech Report... Apply Cancel Log in | Register Most commented stories • Ryzen Threadripper CPUs will offer 16 cores and 32 threads [126] • Rumor: speedier Vega chip with 16GB of RAM hits CompuBench [77] • Windows 10 on ARM could run x86 apps seamlessly at native speed [46] • Ryzen Mobile APUs are coming to a laptop near you [44] Hot forum threads • SFF Zen 8c/16t system. • What cases and PSUs are you guys using? • 3D printers • PS4 Future No, Intel is not putting Radeons in its CPUs by Zak Killian  9:30 AM on May 18, 2017 If you keep up with technology news at all, you've probably heard a rumor over the last few months that Intel is licensing, or planning to license, AMD graphics technology for use in its IGPs. The idea seems to have had its genesis in a forum post on HardOCP, and it didn't take long for other sites to pick it up and run with it. Giving further energy to the rumor is the fact that Intel made its final payment to Nvidia as part of a lawsuit-settling patent-licensing agreement this March. We now know that rumor is simply incorrect. In a statement given to Barron's Tech Trader Daily column, Intel explicitly says that "the recent rumors that [it] has licensed AMD's graphics technology are untrue." AMD stock gained as much as 12% on renewed reports of the rumor, and when no such deal was announced at the company's financial analyst day Tuesday, that gain was quickly reversed. A few sources guessed that the rumor made sense because the Intel-Nvidia patent-licensing agreement was coming to an end. Upon actually reading the Nvidia document it clearly states that the licensing agreement continues until the patents expire. As explained by Mark Hibben over at SeekingAlpha, that effectively means that Intel has full use of Nvidia's relevant patents into perpetuity, and that means Intel has no reason to license graphics patents from anyone else. Besides, Intel has its own mature graphics technology with excellent power consumption characteristics. Allowing Intel to stick Radeon graphics into its CPUs could have provided AMD with some much-needed short-term capital, but the idea seemed far-fetched to begin with. No Intel CPU ever shipped with Nvidia graphics tech on board over the course of those companies' agreement, and any new licensing agreement would likely only exist to protect Intel from legal action. Furthermore, AMD needs to move Ryzen chips into high-volume laptops and desktops. Touting the potentially superior graphics performance of Vega-powered APUs is a path to positive press and potential future sales for AMD, and giving its largest competitor access to that graphics IP would seem to erode the red team's competitive position. In any case, we think we can consign this myth to the "busted" pile. Tags: CPUs Graphics Log in | Register Tip: You can use the A/Z keys to walk threads. View options x Subscriber options: E-mail me when people reply to my comments Comment sorting order: Threaded, dynamic (default)New replies push comment threads to the top. Threaded, chronologicalComment threads started first appear at the top. Threaded, reverse-chronologicalComment threads started last appear at the top. Flat, chronologicalNo threading. Oldest comments shown first, bulletin-board style. Flat, reverse-chronologicalNo threading. Newest comments shown first. Processing... Saved! Loading... Support TR! Subscribe now. Read TR's System Guide powered by Newegg LATEST STUFF Lian-Li PC-O12WX puts graphics cards under glass 4 Asus B250I Gaming brings ROG Strix bling at a lower price 1 Lenovo Legion Y920 is a mobile gaming beast 12 Radeon 17.5.2 drivers boost Prey performance 5 Deals of the week: nice mobos, cheap RAM, and more 6 Synaptics shows how some fingerprint sensors can't be trusted 8 Amazon lights up new Fire tablets 8 WD Red drives will let you add storage 10TB at a time 35 No Dirty Dishes Day Shortbread 16 More stuff » TOP COMMENTS RephRayne Pool cleaners. Or possibly Lifeguards. +46 Chrispy_ You know what name was good? Zen. +44 Redocbew Feedback: Attempted to reproduce issue by tossing a random sample of people in t... +34 Kretschmer I recently built around a 7700K and 1080Ti with no regrets. Stable platforms, gu... +25 NEW GALLERY ITEMS More pictures » Copyright ©1999-2017 The Tech Report. All rights reserved. About us | Privacy policy | Mailing list | Mobile
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Kulbhushan Jadhav Kapil Mishra Narendra Modi Exam results 2017 Donald Trump News Science WATCH: This smart bangle delivers pregnancy tips to Bangladeshi women (YouTube) Shares20 Fri, 19 May 2017-01:15pm , Reuters The smart bangle, called Coel - or carbon monoxide exposure limiter - is water-resistant and has a long-lasting battery that does not require charging throughout the duration of a pregnanc A high-tech bangle that alerts pregnant women to toxic fumes and issues audio tips promises to boost maternal health in South Asia, as smart devices deliver ever more services to remote communities. The colourful, lightweight bangle also bypasses phone-owning men - feeding information directly to expectant mothers - and is built to withstand the rigours of village life. "In rural areas, mobile connectivity - and mobile access for women - is an issue, as phones are controlled by men," said Pavel Hoq, chief operating officer at Grameen Intel Social Business, which developed the new device. "While we had also developed mobile apps for maternal health, we realised a wearable device solely for women, something she would likely wear all the time, would be better to connect with women in rural areas," he told the Thomson Reuters Foundation. Made of durable plastic, the bangle is water-resistant and has a long-lasting battery that does not require charging throughout the duration of a pregnancy. ALSO READ Samsung launches Note 3 smart phone at Rs49,900 and Galaxy Gear smart watch at Rs22,900 Nor does it not need an internet connection to work. Coel, or carbon monoxide exposure limiter, was created by Grameen Intel Social Business Ltd., a joint venture of Intel Corporation, and Bangladesh non-profit Grameen Trust. The device can be recharged and reused many times, Hoq said. NEW JEWELS It will join a woman's regular array of bracelets, with most married women in South Asia wearing bangles made of glass, plastic or gold. The decorative finish differentiates the bangle from many other wrist-worn fitness devices or smart watches. Coel, which is designed to withstand the rough and tumble of daily chores, delivers two wellness messages a week in the local language, including what to eat and when to see the doctor. An alarm also sounds if high levels of carbon monoxide fumes are generated when cooking with firewood, charcoal or dung, warning the wearer to move away. Every day, about 830 women worldwide die from pregnancy or childbirth-related complications, according to the World Health Organization. Nearly a third of these deaths are in South Asia. Maternal mortality is higher among women living in rural areas and poorer communities, where access to healthcare is often forbidden or curtailed due to a lack of female medics. In Bangladesh, where more than 70 percent of babies are born at home, about 5,000 maternal deaths and nearly 77,000 neonatal deaths are reported annually, according to WHO. In neighbouring India, where Coel has been tested in Uttar Pradesh - among the poorest states in the country - maternal and neonatal deaths are nearly 10 times higher. At the same time, wearable devices including smart watches, shoes and glasses, are increasingly used for remote healthcare, such as to monitor a patient's cholesterol or insulin levels. It is a growing market: about 2.5 million such wearable devices were sold in India last year, most priced under $50, according to research firm International Data Corporation. Coel, which will be priced initially at about $12-$15, will be sold in India and Bangladesh first, then in Nepal, said Hoq. "Easy access to knowledge is crucial in these countries, particularly for first-time mothers," he said. "We want this device to be a tool of empowerment for women." TOP TOP < PM Modi sends his best wishes to Sachin Tendulkar for his biopic 'Sachin: A Billion Dreams'   Comments   Also Read Science New study shows that plants can respond to sounds to find water Science The force is strong with this one: T. rex has biting force equalivent to 3 cars Science Scientists from NASA's Juno make fifth science pass of Jupiter Science Secrets behind T rex's bone crushing bites unveiled Science NASA probes spot man-made 'bubble' around Earth < Previous ArticleNext Article > PM Modi sends his best wishes to Sachin Tendulkar for his biopic 'Sachin: A Billion Dreams' Video EXCLUSIVE! Meri Pyaari Bindu | Parineeti Chopra and Ayushmann Khurrana play Heads Up! with DNA WATCH| World's first drone jump: Latvian skydiver takes drone 1,082 feet into the air before diving WATCH | Silk Road Summit: Putin plays anthems of Russia's capitals on piano at China Premier Xi's residence View all Tags Bangladesh smart bangle pregnant Carbon Monoxide SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Industrial activities pose threat to Sundarbans: IUCN report Don't get over excited about ICJ order on Jadhav: Sena to govt Musharraf calls Jadhav bigger 'criminal' than Kasab NIA action against Hurriyat a first in 25 years- Centre Iran: Rouhani leads initial count; over 70 percent turnout Sport Indian eves whitewashed by New Zealand in hockey series Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Saturday, May 20 Indian Men's team wins gold in compound event at Archery World Cup Compound archers claim men's team gold at World Cup Stage I Rugby-Umaga sings the Blues after damaging Stormers defeat Entertainment We'll see Dwayne Johnson on potential 2020 Presidential Run Tiger Shroff just shared the FIRST LOOK of Sylvester Stallone's 'Rambo' remake, CHECK PIC! 'Original' Rambo Stallone wishes luck to makers of 'Indian' Rambo Here's how original 'Rambo' Sylvester Stallone REACTED on knowing about Indian remake of the film! CHECK PIC: It's a boy for Lisa Haydon! Money Prices of most commodities fall in the foodgrains market Theme park visit to attract 28% GST, animal slaughtering, vet U.S. trade rep Lighthizer says Japan agrees on fighting trade barriers Maharashtra Legislature special session on GST from today Fiat Chrysler to modify 104,000 U.S. diesel vehicles -company Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Is the unpredictable nature of digital marketing to blame for missed revenues? The shift to digital marketing comes with a lack of reliable outcomes making it harder to forecast sales — bad news for pre-IPO startups and public companies By Tom Foremski for Tom Foremski: IMHO | May 19, 2017 -- 00:04 GMT (17:04 PDT) | Topic: Start-Ups Wall Street hates missed estimates. Photographer: Maciej Bledowski, Getty Images/iStockphoto The lesson for startups from Snap's recent share fall when it reported huge losses was not the lack of profitability -- it was that it missed analyst estimates despite a big jump in marketing spend. The seemingly unstoppable demise of the media industry has forced many companies to be media companies as they try to reach potential customers with their marketing through traditional and social media channels, and across multiple devices. In this fractured media world the old marketing programs don't work the same way while the new marketing programs might not work the same way the next time you try them. When I met Microsoft CMO Grad Conn earlier this year, he told me that everything he knew about marketing he had to re-learn and this is coming from a former Procter & Gamble marketing executive -- P&G marketing is almost a science. Google revamps ads to prioritize mobile, focus on local searches More than 50% of Google search queries now come from mobile devices, while location-related mobile searches are growing 50% faster than all mobile searches. Read More Traditional marketing such as advertising, TV, web seminars, trade shows, etc is less effective because potential customers are spending their time with many other types of media: social, games, Instagram, Twitter, forums, etc. It's a many-media world and company marketing campaigns are getting used to the fact that each type of media has to be approached in its own way which adds complexity. The fickle nature of online trends means that marketing needs to be vigilant and responsive on a near real-time basis. Microsoft employs more than 150 social media product managers for such tasks. ""You have to be constantly learning," says Conn. Constantly learning because things are constantly changing. Most CMOs would rather manage a process rather than be engaged in the process through leadership by example, Conn is an exception. This constant change in online trends means that the results of marketing programs cannot be used to a reliably forecast sales. With traditional marketing programs for example: P&G knows what each $1m spent in TV ads will generate in product sales. But what will $1m in marketing across a many-media landscape generate? Is it better to spend it on podcast sponsorships or maybe public relations? Foggy marketing... It's a fog as Sean Maloney, Intel's former CMO once told me when he spoke about the new types of challenges thrown up by this many-media landscape which because of Intel's global reach he had to figure out country by country. Intel currently has a marketing budget of over $2 billion showing the scale of this problem. When the marketing gets tough the tough get going: CMO job tenure continues to fall (3.5 years compared with CEOs 7.2 years). It's the toughest job in the C-suite. For IPO: Predictability trumps profitability... Predictability in revenues is the biggest challenge to tech IPOs -- not profitability as Snap found to its cost. All pre-IPO companies face the same scaling challenge: they have to demonstrate how invested capital equals predictable growth. Young tech companies know that revenues are lumpy and have tried to do away with estimates. When Google went public it said it would not issue any financial guidance -- but that didn't work. Pre-IPO statements such as Snap's warning about the difficulty in forecasting revenues didn't work either -- investors have their own risk assessment based on many factors. If companies don't offer guidance the consensus estimates could be way out of line and so would its effect on the share price. Missed estimates... Large companies face the same problems. A few recent headlines: IBM posts first revenue miss in five quarters, shares tumble Sramana Mitra Blog | SAP Continues to Soar, Despite Earnings Miss Johnson & Johnson misses estimates after $17B in revenue. Intel, Microsoft miss estimates, but growth businesses remain strong Cisco revenue forecast disappoints; says to cut 1,100 more jobs | Reuters Will AT&T Inc. (T) Stock Be Derailed By Its Earnings Fallout? | InvestorPlace Apple lower on revenues miss Twillio and other tech companies revise estimates Procter & Gamble sales disappoint... It is not fair to blame marketing unpredictability for making every company's financial estimates unreliable -- but it certainly does nothing to help improve accuracy. Online ads continue to fail in effectiveness and performance metrics are proliferating and confusing. In such an environment it is not surprising that marketing costs are rising says Gartner. As digital marketing spend overtakes traditional channels we should see: a rise in the number of missed financial estimates across all companies; stock volatility during earnings season will be more common; and the tech IPO pipeline will continue to struggle with successful launches. And there is no easy solution (tracking is not selling). Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Innovation Why this startup thinks its supercapacitor tech is key to hybrid electric vehicles Innovation This lightweight underwater camera drone takes you deep beneath the waves E-Commerce ​BigCommerce predicts future ecommerce to be fuelled by voice Innovation Guardant Health raises $360m to sequence tumour DNA from cancer patients × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos Sponsored Narratives About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Neowin Login Sign up News Latest Microsoft Google Apple Software 7 Days: A week of Surface Pro pics, Windows 10 updates, and Android delights 2 hours ago New report indicates almost all WannaCry victims were on Windows 7; XP count 'insignificant' 5 hours ago Linux distros won't work on Microsoft's new Windows 10 S 6 hours ago WannaCry decryption tools released, but it's not good news for everyone 6 hours ago View all recent news 7 Days: A week of Surface Pro pics, Windows 10 updates, and Android delights 2 hours ago New report indicates almost all WannaCry victims were on Windows 7; XP count 'insignificant' 5 hours ago Linux distros won't work on Microsoft's new Windows 10 S 6 hours ago Linkin Park's new album comes to Microsoft Groove, with exclusive curated playlist 10 hours ago View all Microsoft news 7 Days: A week of Surface Pro pics, Windows 10 updates, and Android delights 2 hours ago Google renames Android Device Manager as 'Find My Device' May 18, 2017 Google Home is coming to five new markets, including France, Canada and Australia May 18, 2017 Android makes further inroads in forthcoming Audi and Volvo vehicles May 18, 2017 View all Google news 7 Days: A week of Surface Pro pics, Windows 10 updates, and Android delights 2 hours ago Microsoft Sway update for iOS adds improved navigation, preview and more 23 hours ago Microsoft Planner app now available for iPhone, iPad, and iPod Touch May 19, 2017 Microsoft releases new Outlook for Mac Insider Preview to Fast ring May 19, 2017 View all Apple news VMware Workstation Pro 12.5.6 10 hours ago MEmu Android Emulator 3.0.7 12 hours ago VMware Workstation Player 12.5.6 13 hours ago Firefox 53.0.3 15 hours ago View all software news Features Reviews Editorials Unboxings Trending Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Ultrabook review: No touchscreen, but has everything else [UPDATED] May 16, 2017 Samsung Galaxy S8+ (Exynos) review May 9, 2017 Moto G5 review: Nougat on a budget May 9, 2017 NOMU S30 review: A rugged smartphone that won't put a huge dent in your hip pocket Apr 24, 2017 View all reviews Looking back: In 2016, Microsoft became one of the most exciting companies in the tech world Dec 31, 2016 Redmond delights: 10 reasons to be excited about Microsoft's future Nov 14, 2016 Editorial - When replacing your Samsung Galaxy Note7, consider these replacement options Oct 16, 2016 Editorial - Horde 3.0 changed my mind about Gears of War 4 Sep 7, 2016 View all editorials HTC U Ultra unboxing and first impressions Apr 16, 2017 End of the road: Microsoft terminates support for Windows Vista today Apr 11, 2017 HP EliteBook x360 G2 unboxing and first impressions Apr 4, 2017 HP Spectre x360 with pen and 4K display unboxing and first impressions Apr 4, 2017 View all unboxings Spot the difference: This is reportedly Microsoft's new 'Surface Pro' tablet May 19, 2017 Microsoft Planner app now available for iPhone, iPad, and iPod Touch May 19, 2017 Latest preview of SQL Server 2017 released after having passed one million Docker pulls 21 hours ago Microsoft quietly adds Expiring Links feature for OneDrive users with Office 365 15 hours ago View all trending news Forums Deals Recent Highlights Interests On a Budget Get this UltraBright 500-Lumen Tactical Military Flashlight: 2-Pack for just $17.99 17 hours ago Get this Cybersecurity Certification Mega Bundle (CISA, CISM, & CISSP) for just $69 May 18, 2017 Get The Crash Course Coding Bundle for just $39 (98% off) via Neowin Deals May 17, 2017 Get Disconnect: Lifetime Premium Subscription for just $49 (90% off) via Neowin Deals May 16, 2017 View all recent deals Best Sellers Pay What You Want Gear + Gadgets Software Bundles View all Neowin Deals For Developers Productivity Accessories E-Learning View all Neowin Deals Under $20 Freebies Giveaways View all Neowin Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ 7 Days: A week of Surface Pro pics, Windows 10 updates, and Android delights By Andy Weir Senior News Editor Neowin LLC @gcaweir · 2 hours ago with 0 comments 7 Days is a weekly roundup of the Editors' picks of what's been happening in the world of technology - written with a dash of humor, a hint of exasperation, and an endless supply of (Irish) coffee. After the excitement of Microsoft’s Build 2017 developer conference last week, there was barely time to catch our breaths before the buzz of Google’s I/O dev event this week. There were all sorts of announcements from I/O this week, and no shortage of other news from elsewhere in the tech world too. Don’t worry about having missed anything though, for 7 Days is here once more to walk you through the week’s top tech news. Our journey across the tech world begins this week with Netflix, which is now blocking installations of its app on Android devices that have been rooted. Meanwhile, the entertainment giant introduced new Dolby Vision content support for LG's Android flagship, the G6. It's been a busy few days for Netflix; last weekend, it temporarily increased all of its prices in Australia to gauge reactions from consumers - and predictably, they reacted with confusion and outrage. But in happier news, Netflix is also adapting popular gaming and book series The Witcher as a TV show - good news for fans of the franchise! Messaging app Telegram has been busy too. Earlier in the week, it updated its desktop app on Windows, Mac and Linux, adding support for voice calls. A few days later, it released a major update for its mobile app on iOS and Android, adding multiple new features, including video messages, and bot payment support. On Wednesday, chipmaker AMD announced its new line of powerful desktop-class 'Threadripper' CPUs, with 16 cores and 32 threads. Nvidia launched its affordable new GeForce GT 1030 graphics cards. Designed primarily for e-sports gamers, the new GPUs are priced as low as $69.99 with 2GB GDDR5 video memory. Another one bites the dust: ExtraTorrent, the world's second largest torrent indexing site, became the latest to permanently shut down. Amazon refreshed its line-up of tablets, running its Android-forked Fire OS. The updated range includes a tweaked Fire 7 tablet, a lower price for the Fire HD 8, and a new Fire HD 8 Kids Edition. Many of the week's biggest announcements came from the Google I/O developer conference in Mountain View, California, where the company revealed that Android is now installed on over 2 billion monthly active phones and tablets, in addition to the many other devices that run its Android OS. Google also released Android Studio 3.0 Canary 1, an early preview of the next version of its integrated development environment, bringing a wide variety of new features and enhancements. And after beginning live testing in January of Android Instant Apps - which allows users to run apps without installing them on their devices - Google announced that it has now opened up that functionality to all developers. Google revealed several new features and updates for its Play Console too, allowing developers to improve their app performance and marketing techniques, while helping them to maximize their reach. Security issues remain a concern for many Android users - but Google is hoping to reassure them with Google Play Protect, its "more visible and accessible" security tools on Android devices. It's also renamed its Android Device Manager as 'Find My Device', as part of the Google Play Protect suite. Google launched its Android O Beta Program on Wednesday - but only for a handful of supported devices. Android O is the current moniker - which will eventually be replaced with a more delicious designation - for the next major version of the OS. The company said that Android O will bring big improvements in boot time, app performance, and device battery life. In addition to those benefits, Android O will also usher in Android Go, a new edition of the OS designed for low-cost, lower-end devices with modest specs. Android Go - and all first-party apps that run on it - will be optimized to run on handsets with as little as 512MB of RAM. While Google is focusing on the next version of Android, many devices still haven't received its last major update. Android 7.0 Nougat continued to slowly make its way to more handsets this week: Unlocked LG G5 in the United States HTC One M9 on AT&T Samsung Galaxy A5 (2016) and Galaxy A7 (2016) in India Samsung is pushing ahead with its efforts to sell refurbished models of its failed Galaxy Note7 flagship, which was globally recalled following a series of battery fires last year. The device is expected to be made available again under a new name: the Galaxy Note FE. On Tuesday, HTC unveiled its new flagship phone, just two months after its last flagship went on sale. The U 11's key selling point is the ability to 'squeeze' it to activate apps and features, through sensors embedded in the sides of the device. That could prove to be little more than a silly gimmick, but the $649 handset still has plenty to offer, including the latest Snapdragon 835 processor, 4GB RAM, 64GB storage, and IP67 dust- and water-resistance. Oddly, less than 24 hours after its announcement, HTC began offering $50 off the U 11's price. Lenovo unveiled two new devices at the other end of the smartphone market. The Moto C and Moto C Plus are low-cost devices with some decent specs, including a whopping 4000mAh battery on the larger Plus model. An image also leaked of Lenovo's new high-end Moto Z2 handset. Lenovo revealed several Windows 10 devices too, including new IdeaPad notebooks, the Flex 5 convertible, and a new Legion-branded gaming laptop, which packs an Intel K-series processor. Lenovo and HTC were officially revealed as the two launch manufacturers for new untethered, standalone virtual reality headsets for Google's Daydream VR platform. Qualcomm is also working with Google to produce a reference design for other manufacturers to base their headsets on. Google is boosting its image recognition capabilities through a new tool harnessing its Knowledge Graph, known as Google Lens. And Google also revealed that its digital Assistant is now available on over 100 million devices. That number is set to increase, as Google announced that its Assistant is now available on iPhones - but only in the United States, for now. iPhone, iPad and iPod touch users can now get the new Microsoft Planner app on their devices. Planner originally launched for Office 365 last year, and is coming to Android and Windows 10 devices too. Microsoft updated its Sway app for iOS too, with improved navigation, better preview support, and more. Apple is reportedly planning to phase out the iPad mini, as it's no longer considered to offer sufficient differentiation between the largest iPhone and the smallest 'full-size' iPad. Rumors also suggest that Apple will soon announce a new iPad with a 10.5-inch display squeezed into the same form factor as the 9.7-inch model, thanks to much slimmer bezels. The new iPad is expected to be announced at Apple's Worldwide Developer Conference next month - and that's not all. Apple will reportedly refresh its entire MacBook range, also debuting the new models at WWDC in June. On Monday, Apple released iOS 10.3.2, macOS 10.12.5 Sierra, watchOS 3.2.2, and tvOS 10.2.1 to all users, bringing a range of security updates, bug fixes, and stability improvements. A day later, it rolled out the first Developer Beta builds of iOS 10.3.3, macOS 10.12.6, watchOS 3.2.3, and tvOS 10.2.2. As part of its macOS 10.12.5 update, Apple added new support for the recently-released Windows 10 Creators Update to Boot Camp. macOS 10.12.5 finally introduces support for 'media-free installation' of the Creators Update. Last week, a massive ransomware attack struck dozens of countries across the globe, causing chaos for consumers, companies, and other organizations, including the UK's National Health Service. Many NHS centers and hospitals were locked out of patients' records as a result of the attack, and some treatments and operations even had to be postponed or cancelled. Over the past week, the situation has developed further: Microsoft patches Windows 8, XP, and Server 2003 to combat 'WannaCry' ransomware attack Report indicates almost all WannaCry victims were on Windows 7; Windows XP user count said to be 'insignificant' Hundreds of thousands of PCs affected in China WannaCry decryption tools released, but it's not good news for everyone Speculation of North Korean link to WannaCry Hacker group that published WannaCry exploit threatens release of more tools in June Earlier this week, Microsoft President Brad Smith said that 'stockpiling' of hacking tools by governments was partly to blame for the WannaCry attack. Meanwhile, the US Department of Defense said that it expects its migration to Windows 10 to be completed by the end of this year. The DoD originally announced it plans to upgrade 4 million devices to Windows 10 in February 2016, and - somewhat ambitiously - said that it would be completed within twelve months of that announcement, but those plans are clearly running behind schedule. On Wednesday, Microsoft rolled out Windows 10 Insider Preview build 16199 to the Fast ring. The new preview is the latest from the Redstone 3 development branch, which will eventually be released as the Fall Creators Update, and brings several new features and other improvements to the OS. As always, the new build also includes various bug fixes, and some known issues to be aware of. In its announcement of build 16199, Microsoft inadvertently included an image - which it later deleted - that showed a previously-unseen Settings icon on the taskbar. It later emerged that that icon is the toggle for a new Windows 10 'Control Center', which will be the new home for the Quick Action buttons that are currently located in the Action Center. Microsoft also announced a range of new and improved accessibility features coming to Windows 10 in the Fall Creators Update, including enhanced braille support, new filters for color-blind users, new Magnifier features, Learning Tools in the Edge browser, and more. And in another important announcement, Microsoft revealed that customers who purchase a Windows 10 S device, and who require assistive technologies to use their PCs, will be entitled to a free upgrade to Windows 10 Pro. That upgrade will enable them to install apps not available from the Windows Store - a feature that isn't available in the new Windows 10 S edition. Microsoft also released a new Windows 10 Mobile Insider Preview, build 15215, which-- --HUH. Sorry about that. ...a new Windows 10 Mobile build which brings some utterly thrilling fixes for a handful of issues. Microsoft barely mentioned Windows phones at its Build 2017 dev conference, and after the company split development of Windows 10 Mobile away from the main Windows 10 development branch - for the first time since it launched in 2015 - it raised some serious questions about its commitment to its mobile operating system. Microsoft's Joe Belfiore said this week: "We're going to continue to support Windows phone." But the level of its support for Windows phones remains frustratingly unclear. Windows 10 Mobile is now officially supported on just 13 handsets, and with so few users, there appears to be little incentive for Microsoft to pour resources into developing major new features for it. While some previously-promised features are likely to arrive as part of the Fall Creators Update - albeit under the splintered 'feature2' development branch - 'the company's longer-term 'support' for the OS remains in doubt. Just a few days after Belfiore made that comment, Microsoft removed half of the Windows phones listed on its Store in the US, leaving just seven devices available to purchase. A sad, but telling, sign of the level of public support for Windows 10 Mobile came on Tuesday, when WhartonBrooks' new Windows phone, the Cerulean Moment, failed to meet its crowdfunding campaign to help launch the device. WhartonBrooks said that the device was designed "for the fans", and its campaign aimed to raise $1.1 million, but ended with just $29,793, or 3% of its target. Next week, Microsoft will be hosting an event in Shanghai, China, where it's promised to "show the world what's next". But the surprise was apparently ruined on Thursday, when images of the company's new Windows 10 device were leaked. Microsoft had been widely expected to unveil its new Surface Pro 5 at the event, and rumors suggested that it would be a fairly modest evolution of its predecessor. But the leaked pictures show a device that's virtually identical to the current model. The new device will reportedly be known simply as the 'Surface Pro', and despite its similarity to the Pro 4, it will have some upgraded specs, including Intel's latest Kaby Lake processors. Microsoft added fifteen new companies to the list of those who can sell its Surface Hub in the UK, following "huge demand" for the touchscreen collaboration device among British organizations. Microsoft also launched its free Rewards program in the UK, offering members the ability to collect points from store purchases, Bing web searches, and surfing the web with its Edge browser, in exchange for freebies. As in recent years, Microsoft is following up on its recent Build 2017 dev conference with a series of two-day developer events in India, China, Poland, and four other countries, where it will offer demos, hackathons, and the opportunity to try out HoloLens and Mixed Reality devices. A listing on the Windows Store indicated that, along with Spotify and iTunes, the WhatsApp desktop client is also coming to the Store. However, users of the Yahoo Mail app on Windows 10 have received notifications informing them that the app "will stop working after May 22", and directing them to check their email instead "in any web browser". On Thursday, Microsoft announced a major redesign for its OneNote app across all platforms. The new look had already rolled out to iOS earlier in the week. This summer, Microsoft will introduce a new file sharing experience for OneDrive. The company also highlighted new features that will be making their way to Office 365 customers utilizing SharePoint. On Friday, Microsoft quietly added support for Expiring Links to OneDrive for users with an Office 365 subscription. The feature - which allows users to set an expiration time for any shared link - was previously available in OneDrive for Business. Microsoft launched new features for its Bing search engine, including bots on the search page, e-sports coverage, and search optimizations for hiking and camping locations. On Tuesday, Microsoft released its latest update, Version 1705, for the Xbox One and Xbox One S, including new Arena features, Party Overlay updates, and more. Microsoft is offering up to 75% off Backward Compatible Xbox 360 games playable on the Xbox One in its Super Sale, which is due to end on May 22. And until May 21, Microsoft is additionally offering free multiplayer gaming for all Xbox Live members - a perk usually limited to Xbox Live Gold subscribers. On top of that, it's also allowing Xbox One owners to play Minecraft for free this weekend. Phantom Dust, the classic Xbox game from 2005, is now available on Xbox One and Windows 10 as an Xbox Play Anywhere title with a range of improvements - and it's totally free. South Park: The Fractured But Whole was originally due to launch on Xbox One, PS4 and PC on December 6, before it was postponed until Q1 2017, and then delayed again earlier this year. But the new game is due to finally launch on October 17. The first gameplay footage of Destiny 2 was revealed this week - but its developers also announced that the PC version will be exclusive to Battle.net. If you were hoping to get a glimpse of Halo 6 at the E3 gaming expo, prepare for disappointment. Microsoft's 343 Industries said that it won't reveal the next game in the franchise there, but added that it will "have a little something at E3" for Halo fans... Nintendo's new Switch console has been a stunning success since it launched in March, and it hasn't lost its momentum yet. In fact, it was the top-selling console in the United States last month. Half-Life fans: rejoice! No, it's not the long-awaited (and totally imaginary) Half-Life 3, but for Oculus Rift and HTC Vive owners, its the next best thing. A modding project is working to bring support for Half-Life 2 to the two virtual reality headsets. Look out for those headcrabs! Our journey this week is nearing its end, but before we reach our final destination, I wanted to share this with you: a developer has created a working hologram concept for Cortana, using the Windows 10 version of the digital assistant, and custom animations developed through Kinect motion capture. I don't know about you, but I love seeing what imaginative and skilled developers can do with their passion and determination, and I think this is just awesome. But our odyssey across the tech world approaches its final destination in the hands of Air New Zealand, which is testing Microsoft's HoloLens headset with custom software that displays information about passengers, including drinks preferences, travel itineraries, food allergies, and even their emotional state. There's no denying that the headset looks a bit... out of place on the flight attendant in the video that the airline released, but I think it's fascinating to see how companies are exploring the use of mixed reality to potentially transform the ways that they do business. For now, I'm heading off to the arrivals lounge for a Bloody Mary - but please sit back, relax, and enjoy some of this week's bonus content below... Bonus content Before we wrap things up for another week, let me first highlight a few extra bits around the site that I hope you’ll enjoy reading. Christopher White published his detailed review of the sleek Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon X1. The premium Windows 10 Ultrabook has a superb keyboard (as you'd expect from the ThinkPad line), along with top-notch battery life, and an impressive fingerprint sensor. It's not quite perfect though... Rich Woods went hands-on at Build 2017 with the Kodisoft IRT Table, an interactive table designed for restaurants (!), running Windows 10. Check out Rich's video - it's definitely worth a watch! I got my paws on the new Windows 10 wearable device from TrekStor. Manufactured by Askey, the device runs Windows 10 IoT Core, and is designed for business scenarios, which is why it's not exactly a looker. Get more info on the device here, including a gallery and a video of the interface. And finally, Rich and I toured the Hub at Build 2017 visiting some of Microsoft's stands and those of its partners - check out our video from the show floor here... and be sure to let Rich know just how cool those Skype sunglasses really are! Stay tuned to Neowin in the days ahead for what’s sure to be another exciting week, filled with official news, lots of updates, and plenty of insights from around the world of technology. For now, though, there’s lots more to read across the site – including all sorts of interesting discussions over on our forums. From all of us on the Neowin team, have a great weekend! Tags 7 days Microsoft Windows 10 Windows 10 mobile Windows 10 s Fall creators update Creators update Netflix Nvidia Google Android Android o Android go Htc Lenovo Apple Ipad mini Macbook Wannacry Surface pro Build 2017 Onenote Xbox one Nintendo switch Gaming Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Follow @TwitterDev Previous Story New report indicates almost all WannaCry victims were on Windows 7; XP count 'insignificant' Community Activity Refresh Upgrade advice in Hardware Hangout Telegram 4.0 released, bringing several major additions in Front Page News Scorpio offical reveal incoming, along with 4K Forza, RDR2 and Battlefront. in Microsoft Console (Xbox) This is the snail that Elon Musk wants to race while he digs new tunnels under our cities in Front Page News 169.254 DHCP problem on WIFI in Internet, Network & Security New report indicates almost all WannaCry victims were on Windows 7; XP count 'insignificant' in Front Page News Get this UltraBright 500-Lumen Tactical Military Flashlight: 2-Pack for just $17.99 in Front Page News Microsoft's Joe Belfiore: "We're going to continue to support Windows phone" in Front Page News Advertisement Trending Stories Spot the difference: This is reportedly Microsoft's new 'Surface Pro' tablet May 19, 2017 with 51 comments Microsoft Planner app now available for iPhone, iPad, and iPod Touch May 19, 2017 with 5 comments Latest preview of SQL Server 2017 released after having passed one million Docker pulls 21 hours ago with 0 comments Microsoft quietly adds Expiring Links feature for OneDrive users with Office 365 15 hours ago with 2 comments Related Stories 7 Days: A week of Building, prolonged creativity, and Azure skies May 13, 2017 Microsoft releases an Azure app for iOS and Android May 10, 2017 7 Days: A week of Surface excitement, new Windows, and dead phones May 6, 2017 7 Days: A week of Microsoft money, the wane of Windows phones, and fake 5G Apr 29, 2017 · Hot! Show Comments 0 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Advertisement Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] deals VPN Unlimited: Lifetime Subscription $499.99 $39.00 92% off The Ultimate Python Coding Bundle $428.24 $10.00 98% off Infinity VPN $499.99 $45.00 91% off Cybersecurity Certification Mega Bundle $999.00 $69.00 93% off Microsoft Certified Solutions Expert (MCSE): Server Infrastructure $790.00 $47.99 94% off review Samsung Galaxy S8+ (Exynos) review galaxy review Moto G5 review: Nougat on a budget moto g5 Microsoft's Joe Belfiore: "We're going to continue to support Windows phone" windows 10 mobile mile-high mixed reality Air New Zealand trials HoloLens to help improve onboard service hololens "no such thing as a Surface Pro 5" This is reportedly Microsoft's new 'Surface Pro' tablet surface pro another busy week... Catch up on the week's top tech news, with our handy roundup! 7 days VIDEO Andy and Rich tour the Hub at Microsoft Build 2017 build 2017 Android O Beta Program goes live android o Microsoft working on new file-sharing interface for OneDrive onedrive Microsoft offers free upgrade from Windows 10 S to Pro for assistive tech users windows 10 s Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Editors' Choice Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Facebook Twitter Search Search for Close Arrow_Path GoogleI/O HTCU11 NetNeutrality WannaCry GradGifts Menu Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Desktops/ Origin Neuron Matthew Buzzi Origin Neuron The Origin Neuron is a stellar gaming machine with practically unrivaled gaming power housed in an elegant design. It's our top pick for high-end gaming desktops. Origin Neuron editor rating: excellent Comments May 19, 2017 REVIEW Comments SPECS COMPARE View Gallery View All 8 Photos in Gallery Starting Configuration Price $964.00 Pros Extraordinary gaming proficiency. Plenty of storage, plus speedy M.2 SSDs. Stylish, relatively compact tower. Easy access for maintenance and upgrades. Customizable case and RAM lighting. Cons Pricey as configured. Bottom Line The Origin Neuron is a stellar gaming machine with practically unrivaled gaming power housed in an elegant design. It's our top pick for high-end gaming desktops. By Matthew Buzzi Consumer gaming and 3D performance are being pushed to absurd new heights on the back of Nvidia's Pascal graphics architecture and Intel's latest generation of processors. Both of these platforms are on full display in the Origin Neuron (starts at $964; $3,900 as tested), with dual GTX 1080 Ti graphics cards and an overlocked Core i7-7700K processor. These components help the Neuron blow past competitors in our gaming tests, it's also speedy with productivity pursuits, and comes with a huge amount of storage to boot. This configuration is expensive, but for what you get and relative to the Editors' Choice Digital Storm Velox, the pricing is fair. Given its superior performance and overall execution, the Origin Neuron is our new top pick for high-end gaming desktops. //Compare Similar Products Compare Digital Storm Velox (Core i7-7700K)   %displayPrice%%seller% CyberPower Gamer Master Ultra   %displayPrice%%seller% Falcon Northwest Talon (2016)   %displayPrice%%seller% Maingear Rush X99 Super Stock   %displayPrice%%seller% Corsair One Pro   %displayPrice%%seller% Acer Predator G1-710-70001   %displayPrice%%seller% Asus ROG GT51   %displayPrice%%seller% Dell XPS Tower Special Edition   %displayPrice%%seller% Falcon Northwest Tiki (2017)   %displayPrice%%seller% iBuyPower Snowblind Pro   %displayPrice%%seller% HP Omen X   %displayPrice%%seller% Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube   %displayPrice%%seller% Form, Function, and More Built into Phanteks' Enthoo Evolv mATX case, the Neuron is relatively unassuming if you look at it head on, but there's a lot to like inside once you start poking around. Its black aluminum frame stands 17.8 by 9 by 15.7 inches (HWD), with tempered glass panels on both flanks. The left side is nearly a full window, while the right is backed with aluminum and has a small cutout window for the SSDs. The case isn't a small-form-factor design, but it's on the smaller side for traditional towers. For size comparison, the Velox stands 22.2 inches tall, 9.25 inches wide, and 19.5 inches deep, taking up much more space. View All 8 Photos in Gallery The panels on either side are actually doors on rear hinges, held closed magnetically toward the front. They both swing open easily, making for one of the most accessible cases I've seen in a while. This lets you in to either side of the tower, which is good for swapping out components and cable and storage management beneath the motherboard. Having such easy access to the space with no screws or removable doors makes it a breeze to pop open and work in the case despite the size, and everything is organized neatly within. This includes neatly cut and routed cables, which are clipped together and funneled behind the motherboard. The CPU cooler stands vertically along the front panel and vents out the front, with a rear case fan in the back and slits along the top panel for more ventilation. The top panel lifts away if you remove one rear hand screw, though there's not much reason to take it off. The bottom of the case is raised about 2 inches by front and back feet, so most of the bottom is above surface level. This allows the bottom vent more room to breathe, and a removable filter over it keeps out dust and debris. The front panel pops off, revealing case fans behind another removable dust filter. The Editors' Choice CyberPower Gamer Master Ultra, one of the first Ryzen-equipped systems we reviewed, uses the same case. CyberPower plastered its logo over the corner of the door window, whereas Origin places a smaller logo on the front panel and on the CPU cooler. Since the case on our review unit is all black, the only color comes from an array of LED lights. The customization is handled through the included Asus Aura software, for which there's a slight learning curve. It's not immediately clear where each setting is (the arrow to switch between each lighting element is particularly small), but once you spend some time poking around, you should get the gist of it. The color and effects of an interior LED light strip, the RAM, the LED ring around the power button, and a slim strip on the front panel can all be changed. The RAM in our unit is G.Skill TridentZ RGB, which is illuminated in customizable segments. You can change the colors of five discrete sections of each stick, which can lead to some cool designs and color combinations, or make lighting "flow" down each stick in conjunction with the case lighting, which is a really cool effect. All of the lighting can also fade in and out slowly, or you can have the LED strip and RAM alternately strobe on and off. The case is not only well designed for maintenance, but is packed with the high-end components you'd hope for at this configuration's price. Everything is powered by an 850W EVGA SuperNOVA G3 power supply, which can run the demanding dual graphics card setup (two Nvidia GTX 1080 Tis in SLI), and the wattage leaves you some headroom. A lightning-fast Intel Core i7-7700K processor, overclocked to 5.0GHz out of the box, serves as the heart of the system. To supplement that, there are 32GB of the 3,000MHz G.Skill memory in our model, and since it's set up as four 8GB sticks, there are no free DIMM slots. Storage comes in the form of two 250GB Samsung 960 EVO NVMe M.2 SSDs in a RAID 0 array, along with two 2TB Seagate Firecuda hybrid drives—a one-two punch that delivers a massive amount of storage and a super-fast boot drive. It adds to the price, for sure, but if you do a lot of media work, you'll appreciate the added speed, and there's more than enough room for many projects and games. As configured, there are still two 2.5-inch and two 3.5-inch storage bays free. The Neuron won't leave you wanting for connectivity options. At first glance, it doesn't seem as if the case has any front-facing ports, but a small panel at the top retracts to reveal two USB 3.0 ports, as well as a headphone jack and a mic jack. The top panel has no ports, just the LED-ringed power button. The rear panel holds the vast majority of connections: There's a USB-C port, a USB-A port, four more USB 3.0 ports, and two USB 2.0 ports. Via the graphics cards, there are a total of seven DisplayPort connections and three HDMI ports. The system also has built-in Bluetooth and dual-band 802.11ac wireless. Origin includes lifetime 24/7 support and free lifetime labor, alongside a one-year part-replacement warranty. Insane Power for Gaming and Productivity With such premium parts, it's no surprise that the Neuron is a performance dynamo. If you're paying for a dual 1080 Ti desktop, you should expect no less than top-end speed, which it delivers across all tests. In terms of general productivity, it was one of the fastest computers we've tested. Its PCMark 8 Work Conventional score beat all comers, such as the Digital Storm Velox, the 2016 Falcon Northwest Talon, and the Maingear Rush X99 Super Stock. In the multimedia test results (timed Photoshop and Handbrake tests, plus the CineBench score), the Neuron didn't lead the pack in such dominant fashion, but it was right up there with the best of the category. Gaming and 3D performance is where the Neuron really separates itself from the pack. The competitors are all fast desktops, many of which are equipped with GTX 1080s in SLI, but the 1080 Ti upgrade pushes the Neuron to the front, scoring a category-best 21,481 points on 3D Mark's Fire Strike Extreme test. Its Cloud Gate score is on the top end, as well. It should be noted that in real-world use, the Falcon Northwest Talon's dual Pascal Titan X cards should provide more power, which doesn't fully translate on the synthetic tests, but the Talon configuration we tested rings north of $9,500. See How We Test Desktops The Heaven and Valley gaming tests tell the same story of the Neuron's capabilities. Set to Ultra quality and 1080p resolution, the Neuron averaged 278 frames per second (fps) on Heaven and 175fps on Valley. When cranked up to 4K, the desktop averaged 95fps and 113fps on these same tests, proving it's more than capable of smooth 4K gaming. I further confirmed this by playing DOOM in 4K at maximum settings, and the in-game frame counter hovered around 100fps or higher for most of my gameplay. I also played The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt in 4K with all the settings and effects on Ultra, and had a smooth experience. A Clear Leader in Desktop Gaming Sure, the Neuron is more expensive than single-GPU desktops like the Gamer Master Ultra, but you get what you pay for. It's still thousands of dollars less than other high-end systems like the Falcon Northwest Talon or Maingear Rush X99 Super Stock (though those PCs do come with their own top-end advantages), and the stylish but functional case provides a great home for the premium hardware. If you can afford the high-end components, it's tough to beat the power, design, and organization offered by the Origin Neuron. The Digital Storm Velox (Core i7-7700K) is a fast computer, but it's also even more expensive than the Neuron, which is a superior all-around performer with better graphics cards. For its design, pricing, and impressive gaming capability, the Origin Neuron is our new Editors' Choice for high-end gaming desktops. Back to top PCMag may earn affiliate commissions from the shopping links included on this page. These commissions do not affect how we test, rate or review products. To find out more, read our complete terms of use. Other Origin PC Corporation Desktops Origin Chronos VR   %displayPrice%%seller% Origin Genesis (2016)   %displayPrice%%seller% Origin Chronos (X99)   %displayPrice%%seller% Origin Millennium   %displayPrice%%seller% Previous : Dell OptiPlex 7450 All-in-One By Matthew Buzzi Matthew Buzzi is a junior analyst on the Hardware team at PCMag. Matthew graduated from Iona College with a degree in Mass Communications/Journalism. He interned for a college semester at Kotaku, writing about gaming. He has written about technology and video game news, as well as hardware and gaming reviews. In his free time, he likes to go out with friends, watch and discuss sports, play video games, read too much Twitter, and obsessively manage any fantasy sports leagues he's involved in. More » More Stories by Matthew Lenovo ThinkPad X270 The X270 is a compact, though chunky, take on the ThinkPad with a deceptive amount of power. Add to ... More » Lenovo ThinkPad T470s The Lenovo ThinkPad T470s isn't revolutionary, but is a reliable and travel-friendly business laptop... More » Alienware 17 R4 (2017) Delivering unparalleled performance for a single-GPU laptop, the Alienware 17 R4 is highly configura... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles The Coolest Things From Google I/O 2017 WannaCry Ransomware: What You Need to Know 8 Creepy Sounds Recorded in Space by NASA 11 Signal App Tips for Secure Chats Windows 10 Fall Creators Update: 7 Things to Check Out How a Retired Nurse Provides Her Small Vt. Town With Internet »See More //Discover... The Best Laptops of 2017 26 Google Maps Tricks You Need to Try 19 Hidden Roku Tricks for Streaming Success »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com Speedtest.net PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here. ×
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch RaleighDurhamFayettevilleSurrounding Area TOP VIDEOS Log in Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News RaleighDurhamFayettevilleSurrounding Area Categories U.S. & World North Carolina Entertainment Sports Politics Health I-Team Troubleshooter Moneysaver Distraction Science Club Station Info About ABC11 EyeWitness Photos/Video ABC11 Together Events Calendar TV Listings Jobs Shows ABC11 Live Newscasts ABC11 Perspectives LAFF Live Well Network ABC11 Together: Making a difference in the community Follow Us POLITICS Comey agrees to testify before Senate Intel Committee Email share share tweet email EMBED </>More Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc11.com/video/embed/?pid=2014691" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Former FBI director James Comey has agreed to testify in open session before a Senate committee. (Carolyn Kaster) WTVD Friday, May 19, 2017 11:14PM WASHINGTON (WTVD) -- Former FBI Director James Comey has agreed to testify in open session at the Senate Intel Committee Sen. Richard Burr, R-NC, the chairman of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, and Sen. Mark Warner, D-VA, Vice Chairman of the Committee announced Friday that Comey, the embattled former Federal Bureau of Investigation director, has committed to testify in open session before the Committee. Stay on top of breaking news stories with the ABC11 News App The Committee will schedule the open hearing after Memorial Day. "The Committee looks forward to receiving testimony from the former Director on his role in the development of the Intelligence Community Assessment on Russian interference in the 2016 US elections, and I am hopeful that he will clarify for the American people recent events that have been broadly reported in the media," Burr said. President Donald Trump abruptly fired Comey on May 9, dramatically ousting the nation's top law enforcement official in the midst of an FBI investigation into whether Trump's campaign had ties to Russia's meddling in the election that sent him to the White House. RELATED: Tillis on Comey firing: 'Not the way I would've done it' "I hope that former Director Comey's testimony will help answer some of the questions that have arisen since Director Comey was so suddenly dismissed by the President," Warner said. "I also expect that Director Comey will be able to shed light on issues critical to this Committee's investigation of Russian interference in the 2016 election. Director Comey served his country with honor for many years, and he deserves an opportunity to tell his story. Moreover, the American people deserve an opportunity to hear it." RELATED: White House doesn't dispute Trump called Comey a 'nut job' to Russians In a letter to Comey, Trump said the firing was necessary to restore "public trust and confidence" in the FBI. Comey has come under intense scrutiny in recent months for his public comments on an investigation into Democrat Hillary Clinton's email practices, including a pair of letters he sent to Congress on the matter in the closing days of last year's campaign. Report a Typo Related Topics: politicsrichard burrFBIjames comey Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 WTVD-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. Related President Trump fires FBI director James Comey POLITICS Politifact: Voter email is false Former NC state senator gets suspended sentence President Trump to embark on first foreign trip At White House, Fayetteville mayor talks policy, funding More Politics Top Stories Name, parents of boy hit by car in Fayetteville unknown Plane makes emergency landing at RDU; 3 taken to hospital Man shot at Durham apartments Fayetteville man charged in rape case Man allegedly tried to breach cockpit on flight to Hawaii Residents say dangerous Apex bridge needs upgrades now Emaciated dog finds happy home in Moore County Show More Family of Rolesville football player who died sues Some want Confederate flag removed from NC fire station White House doesn't dispute Trump called Comey a 'nut job' to Russians Wake leaders make plea for help for Garner residents Teen charged with exposing himself at Raleigh park More News Top Video Plane makes emergency landing at RDU; 3 taken to hospital Wake leaders make plea for help for Garner residents Man shot at Durham apartments Troubleshooter: Elderly man falls prey to lottery scam More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News RaleighDurhamFayettevilleSurrounding Area Categories Video Photos U.S. & World North Carolina Entertainment Sports Politics Health Station Info About ABC11 EyeWitness Photos/Video ABC11 Together Events Calendar TV Listings Jobs Shows ABC11 Live Newscasts ABC11 Perspectives LAFF Live Well Network Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps RaleighDurhamFayettevilleSurrounding Area U.S. & World North Carolina Entertainment Sports Politics Health About ABC11 EyeWitness Photos/Video ABC11 Together Events Calendar TV Listings Jobs Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., WTVD-TV Raleigh-Durham. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch RaleighDurhamFayettevilleSurrounding Area Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News RaleighDurhamFayettevilleSurrounding Area Categories U.S. & World North Carolina Entertainment Sports Politics Health I-Team Troubleshooter Moneysaver Distraction Science Club Station Info About ABC11 EyeWitness Photos/Video ABC11 Together Events Calendar TV Listings Jobs Shows ABC11 Live Newscasts ABC11 Perspectives LAFF Live Well Network ABC11 Together: Making a difference in the community Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., WTVD-TV Raleigh-Durham
ON NEWSSTANDS 108 Mar/Apr 2017 The Sex Issue Music Style Culture Video share tweet Feed All Posts Featured Posts Trending Posts Magazine Events Shop Twitter facebook youtube instagram tumblr US US UK US Edition UK Edition Canada Edition Follow the Fader Press Enter to Search Music Style Culture Video Magazine Events Shop US Edition UK Edition Canada Edition culture / News Report: Former FBI Director James Comey Will Testify In Open Session Comey will testify before the Senate Intel Committee after Memorial Day. By Opheli Garcia Lawler Zach Gibson / Getty Images   The week in a seemingly endless onslaught of news about chaos coming from within the White House shows no signs of slowing down. Former FBI Director James Comey, who was fired by President Trump last week, will be testifying in an open session before the Senate Intelligence Committee, according to a press release by members of the committee. Comey was fired the day before President Trump met with Russian officials, where it was reported that he leaked classified information to those officials during the meeting. According to multiple sources, the former Director has "committed to testifying," and will do so in an open session, which means that the proceedings will not be closed off to the public. "I hope that former Director Comey's testimony will help answer some of the questions that have arisen since Director Comey was so suddenly dismissed by the President," said Senator Mark Warren, Vice President of the Senate Intel Committee, in the press release. "I also expect that Director Comey will be able to shed light on critical issues to this Committee's investigation of Russian interference in the 2016 election." Comey's testimony certainly has the potential to clear up many confusing aspects of the last few months, and it will give Comey to formally address President Trump's statement that came to light Friday morning that he fired Comey because he was a "complete nut job." 🚨🚨🚨 COMEY agrees to testify in open session before Senate Intel pic.twitter.com/PXktidhJyI— Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) May 19, 2017 May 19, 2017 Donald Trump, Politics Read full story Sign up for The FADER's daily newsletter. Trending music / News Eminem “Tested” Kendrick Lamar To See If He Had A Ghostwriter music / News Chris Rock Said Asking André 3000 For New Music Is Like “Telling Amber Rose About Her Curves” style / News Romper Memes Are Making The Internet A Better Place culture / News One Of Jean-Michel Basquiat’s Paintings Just Sold For A Record $110.5 Million music / News Rich Homie Quan: “I Promise Not To Ever Let Y’all Down Again” culture / News Report: Former FBI Director James Comey Will Testify In Open Session Contact Advertising Terms of Use Privacy Policy Fader Label Twitter Facebook Google+ Youtube Tumblr Instagram Apple Music Soundcloud Spotify RSS Magazine 108 Mar/Apr 2017 The Sex Issue Subscribe Sign up for The FADER's daily newsletter. ©2017 The Fader, Inc. All rights reserved. Site By Wondersauce
Top Local Stories Police arrest man in connection with hit-and-run that killed 6-month-old boy News Do Michigan's governor and other top officials deserve a raise? News 9-year-old Detroit boy who was shot in head speaks out News Prosecutors: Times Square driver who killed Michigan woman wanted to ‘kill them all' News 11-month-old boy dies amid child-abuse investigation in Detroit News Woman knocked out by concrete while driving on I-696 in Warren to undergo surgery News Weekend construction in Metro Detroit: Work on I-75, I-94, M-39 Traffic Big dog behaving badly gets attitude adjustment thanks to good training News Spice Up Your Kitchen With a Trip to These 4 Asian Markets In The D Ann Arbor Ann Arbor high-schooler wins scholarship covering all costs to any U.S. college Neha Seshadri, of Skyline High School, won the 2017 Coolidge Foundation award Posted: 2:43 PM, May 19, 2017 Updated: 4:02 PM, May 19, 2017 An Ann Arbor high-schooler won one of the most prestigious -- and lucrative -- college scholarships in the nation.  Neha Seshadri, a junior at Skyline High School, is one of three winners of the 2017 Calvin Coolidge Presidential Foundation scholarship. The award is among the most generous scholarships in America. The full-ride, non-partisan, merit award covers a student’s tuition, fees, room and board for four years of undergraduate study at any accredited college or university in the United States. Here's Seshadri's impressive resume:  Neha Seshadri is a junior at Skyline High School in Ann Arbor, Michigan. Like President Coolidge, she has a strong interest in the English language and debate. An AP Scholar with Distinction, the past three summers Neha has conducted research at her local hospital on sickle cell anemia and calponin – a calcium binding protein. She is an Intel SEFMD Science Fair Grand Award winner and has qualified for the Intel International Science and Engineering Fair. At her high school Neha is the captain of the Forensics and Quiz Bowl Team, co-editor of the high school newspaper, and founder and president of the “Leadership and Technology for Girls” club in Detroit. She is a two-time DECA State Champion, and qualified for the 2015 National Quiz Bowl and the 2016 National History Bowl. In 2014, Neha finished 11th in the Scripps National Spelling Bee. Neha started a non-profit, Helping Hands Going Global. She coaches mentally and physically challenged students for the Special Olympics. Neha has been a varsity swimmer and member of the Women’s State Championship team since 2014. In 2013, she won a gold and silver medal in the Junior Olympics in the freestyle and backstroke competitions. Neha is the daughter of Shiv Seshadri and Sabina Attavar. The Coolidge Scholarship was established by the Coolidge Foundation to honor America’s 30th president and to elevate the values for which President Coolidge stood. Amity Shlaes, Coolidge biographer and Coolidge Foundation chairman said, “The values of Calvin Coolidge — humility, restrained government, civility and federalism — couldn’t be more timely today. We are glad the Coolidge Scholarship can raise the profile of this underrated president.” The main criterion that distinguishes Coolidge Scholars is academic merit. Students must also demonstrate a keen interest in public policy, an appreciation for the values Coolidge championed, humility, and a record of service. Nearly 2,500 students, hailing from all 50 states, applied for the Coolidge Scholarship this year. Each applicant was required to read and write an essay about the Autobiography of Calvin Coolidge. Matthew Denhart, Coolidge Foundation executive director, remarked, “Coolidge Scholar applicants represent the most promising and accomplished high school students in America today. The Coolidge Foundation is proud to support these remarkable young people as they embark on the next stage in their academic careers.” Coolidge Scholars are selected through a multi-stage process. Students must apply for the Coolidge Scholarship during their junior year of high school. All applicants are reviewed by the Coolidge Foundation. Semifinalist juries meet across the country to consider top applicants and select finalists. Ten finalists are flown in for a finalist weekend at the Coolidge Historic Site in Plymouth Notch, Vermont. During the finalist weekend, candidates are interviewed by the Coolidge Scholars Finalist Jury, chaired by Dr. Bruce Cole, former chairman of the National Endowment for the Humanities. Speaking on behalf of the finalist jury, Dr. Cole said: “The Coolidge Scholarship is demonstrating proof of concept. Merit and the pursuit of excellence are the hallmarks of this Scholarship. This year’s second annual class is an inspiring example of dedication, purpose and achievement." Along with Seshadri, other winners of the 2017 award include Joshua Kim of San Diego and Elissa Morgan of Loganville, Ga. Kim attends The Cambridge School in San Diego and Morgan home schools. Although only a small number of students win the Coolidge Scholarship each year, the Coolidge Foundation honors up to 50 of the top applicants with the designation of “Coolidge Senator.” The Coolidge Senators are flown to Washington, D.C., for an all-expenses-paid weekend where they tour the three branches of government, study civics, and learn about President Coolidge’s time in Washington as vice president and president. Most importantly, the Coolidge Senators have the opportunity to meet each other and develop friendships that will last throughout their academic and professional careers. For more information about the Coolidge Scholars Program, including profiles of this year’s winners, please visit Coolidgescholars.org.   Copyright 2017 by WDIV ClickOnDetroit - All rights reserved. Top Stories Police arrest man in connection with hit-and-run that killed 6-month-old boy Do Michigan's governor and other top officials deserve a raise? 9-year-old Detroit boy who was shot in head speaks out Prosecutors: Times Square driver who killed Michigan woman wanted to… 11-month-old boy dies amid child-abuse investigation in Detroit Latest Videos Big dog behaving badly gets attitude adjustment thanks to good training Do Michigan's governor and other top officials deserve a raise? Police arrest man in connection with hit-and-run that killed 6-month-old boy 9-year-old Detroit boy who was shot in head speaks out U.S. and World News CNN Fentanyl seized by law enforcement doubled in 2016, DEA says WSB; GDOT via CNN After I-85 fire, states are taking a closer look under their bridges POOL via CNN Newsource Source: Comey believes Trump was trying to influence him From American Airlines via CNN American Airlines passenger detained after in-flight disturbance freeimages.com/krzysiuc Man blocked from reaching cockpit by other passengers Trending https://www.clickondetroit.com
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Microprocessor Market 2017 Global Analysis By key Players – Intel,Qualcomm,Apple,AMD, Freescale Forecast to 2022 PUNE, INDIA, May 19, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — WiseGuyReports.Com Publish a New Market Research Report On – “Microprocessor Market 2017 Global Analysis By key Players – Intel,Qualcomm,Apple,AMD, Freescale Forecast to 2022”. A microprocessor is a computer processor that incorporates the functions of a computer’s central processing unit (CPU) on a single integrated circuit or at most a few integrated circuits. The microprocessor is a multipurpose, programmable device that accepts digital data as input, processes it according to instructions stored in its memory, and provides results as output. It is an example of sequential digital logic, as it has internal memory. Microprocessors operate on numbers and symbols represented in the binary numeral system. Get a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1292115-global-microprocessor-market-by-manufacturers-countries-type-and-application-forecast-to For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com Scope of the Report: This report focuses on the Microprocessor in Global market, especially in North America, Europe and Asia-Pacific, South America, Middle East and Africa. This report categorizes the market based on manufacturers, regions, type and application. Market Segment by Manufacturers, this report covers Intel Qualcomm Apple AMD Freescale MediaTek Nvidia Samsung LSI Spreadtrum TI Market Segment by Regions, regional analysis covers North America (USA, Canada and Mexico) Europe (Germany, France, UK, Russia and Italy) Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, Korea, India and Southeast Asia) South America (Brazil, Argentina, Columbia etc.) Middle East and Africa (Saudi Arabia, UAE, Egypt, Nigeria and South Africa) Market Segment by Type, covers ARM-based MPUs x86-based MPUs Market Segment by Applications, can be divided into PCs, Servers, Mainframes Tablet Cellphone Embedded MPUs (Network Processors, Industrials/Medical, Automotive, Consumer Electronics) Others Ask Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1292115-global-microprocessor-market-by-manufacturers-countries-type-and-application-forecast-to There are 15 Chapters to deeply display the global Microprocessor market. Chapter 1, to describe Microprocessor Introduction, product scope, market overview, market opportunities, market risk, market driving force; Chapter 2, to analyze the top manufacturers of Microprocessor, with sales, revenue, and price of Microprocessor, in 2016 and 2017; Chapter 3, to display the competitive situation among the top manufacturers, with sales, revenue and market share in 2016 and 2017; Chapter 4, to show the global market by regions, with sales, revenue and market share of Microprocessor, for each region, from 2012 to 2017; Continue……. Table Of Contents – Major Key Points 2 Manufacturers Profiles 2.1 Intel 2.1.1 Business Overview 2.1.2 Microprocessor Type and Applications 2.1.2.1 Type 1 2.1.2.2 Type 2 2.1.3 Intel Microprocessor Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share (2016-2017) 2.2 Qualcomm 2.2.1 Business Overview 2.2.2 Microprocessor Type and Applications 2.2.2.1 Type 1 2.2.2.2 Type 2 2.2.3 Qualcomm Microprocessor Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share (2016-2017) 2.3 Apple 2.3.1 Business Overview 2.3.2 Microprocessor Type and Applications 2.3.2.1 Type 1 2.3.2.2 Type 2 2.3.3 Apple Microprocessor Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share (2016-2017) 2.4 AMD 2.4.1 Business Overview 2.4.2 Microprocessor Type and Applications 2.4.2.1 Type 1 2.4.2.2 Type 2 2.4.3 AMD Microprocessor Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share (2016-2017) 2.5 Freescale 2.5.1 Business Overview 2.5.2 Microprocessor Type and Applications 2.5.2.1 Type 1 2.5.2.2 Type 2 2.5.3 Freescale Microprocessor Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share (2016-2017) 2.6 MediaTek 2.6.1 Business Overview 2.6.2 Microprocessor Type and Applications 2.6.2.1 Type 1 2.6.2.2 Type 2 2.6.3 MediaTek Microprocessor Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share (2016-2017) 2.7 Nvidia 2.7.1 Business Overview 2.7.2 Microprocessor Type and Applications 2.7.2.1 Type 1 2.7.2.2 Type 2 2.7.3 Nvidia Microprocessor Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share (2016-2017) 2.8 Samsung LSI 2.8.1 Business Overview 2.8.2 Microprocessor Type and Applications 2.8.2.1 Type 1 2.8.2.2 Type 2 2.8.3 Samsung LSI Microprocessor Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share (2016-2017) 2.9 Spreadtrum 2.9.1 Business Overview 2.9.2 Microprocessor Type and Applications 2.9.2.1 Type 1 2.9.2.2 Type 2 2.9.3 Spreadtrum Microprocessor Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share (2016-2017) 2.10 TI 2.10.1 Business Overview 2.10.2 Microprocessor Type and Applications 2.10.2.1 Type 1 2.10.2.2 Type 2 2.10.3 TI Microprocessor Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share (2016-2017) 3 Global Microprocessor Market Competition, by Manufacturer 3.1 Global Microprocessor Sales and Market Share by Manufacturer 3.2 Global Microprocessor Revenue and Market Share by Manufacturer 3.3 Market Concentration Rate 3.3.1 Top 3 Microprocessor Manufacturer Market Share 3.3.2 Top 6 Microprocessor Manufacturer Market Share 3.4 Market Competition Trend 4 Global Microprocessor Market Analysis by Regions 4.1 Global Microprocessor Sales, Revenue and Market Share by Regions 4.1.1 Global Microprocessor Sales by Regions (2012-2017) 4.1.2 Global Microprocessor Revenue by Regions (2012-2017) 4.2 North America Microprocessor Sales and Growth (2012-2017) 4.3 Europe Microprocessor Sales and Growth (2012-2017) 4.4 Asia-Pacific Microprocessor Sales and Growth (2012-2017) 4.5 South America Microprocessor Sales and Growth (2012-2017) 4.6 Middle East and Africa Microprocessor Sales and Growth (2012-2017) Continued……. For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com Buy 1-User PDF @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1292115 ABOUT US: Wise Guy Reports is part of the Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. and offers premium progressive statistical surveying, market research reports, analysis & forecast data for industries and governments around the globe. Wise Guy Reports features an exhaustive list of market research reports from hundreds of publishers worldwide. We boast a database spanning virtually every market category and an even more comprehensive collection of rmaket research reports under these categories and sub-categories. Norah Trent wiseguyreports +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Electric Parking Brake Market 2017 Industry Key Players, Share, Trend, Applications,Segmentation,Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Panelists share experiences on the implementation of Agenda 2063 and the SDGs Search Recent Posts Knight and Mackenzie Partners to recommend Russian industrial companies Knight and Mackenzie Partners to recommend Russian industrial companies Cakes By Tati Sets Up Its Online Business For Personalised Cakes Marketing Mix Optimisation Market Growth, Tendency & Value Chain 2016-2026 by FMI 2017 Kuala Lumpur International Book Fair Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Redis Labs Hosts RedisConf 2017 Showcasing Webscale Adoption of Redis /EINPresswire.com/ — MOUNTAIN VIEW, CA–(Marketwired – May 19, 2017) – Redis Labs, the home of Redis and provider of Redis Enterprise, today announced its updated agenda for RedisConf 2017, which includes keynotes from Google, Pivotal, Databricks, Honeycomb.io, Eventuate.io and Bain Capital Ventures. The creator of Redis, Salvatore Sanfilippo, will also keynote and conduct a hands-on training session. The conference will feature over 45 technical sessions across four tracks with speakers from leading companies in a wide array of industries. Some of the sessions are led by the following speakers: Brian Ip, Square Daniel Hochman, Lyft Hari Ramamurthy, The Home Depot Ioannis Papapanagiotou, Netflix Kevin Hoffman, Capital One Nenad Bogojevic, Amadeus Rashmi Ramesh, Twitter Inc. Robert Gay, Redfin Sean Perkins, Flickr/Yahoo! Thomas Hunter II, OpenTable RedisConf will take place at the Marriott Marquis in San Francisco from May 30 to June 1, 2017. The event is expected to attract more than a thousand attendees comprised of Redis experts, contributors, users and beginners. The conference, in its third year running, is supported by Amazon Web Services, Google, IBM, Intel, Mesosphere, Pivotal and Zettaset. „The ubiquity of Redis’ adoption is highlighted by the breadth of speaker and sponsor participation,” said Manish Gupta, CMO of Redis Labs. „RedisConf 2017 is going to be a memorable event for beginner and expert users of Redis alike. The day zero hands-on training and in-depth content across four tracks will enhance understanding of Redis by application developers and operations personnel regardless of domains or industries.” „With Redis’ new capabilities in graph data and full text search, it’s poised to advance from application-level caching use cases to true enterprise systems-of-record,” said Joshua McKenty, ‎Vice President, Global Ecosystem Engineering at Pivotal. „Coupled with a maturing integration with Pivotal Cloud Foundry, and more developer adoption than any other open source data service, should we be worried about emerging AI and the overthrow of the human race? To put it bluntly… is Redis turning into SkyNet?” „IBM made a visionary choice of integrating Redis Enterprise with IBM Power Systems, the platform for real-time transactional and analytic workloads,” said Terri Virnig, Vice President, Ecosystem and Strategy, Power Systems at IBM. „We are an enthusiastic sponsor of RedisConf 2017, as it showcases the power of the Redis community.” „Mesosphere runs on any datacenter or cloud, without fear of lock-in,” said Peter Guagenti, CMO of Mesosphere. „We are excited to support RedisConf 2017, and talk about how DC/OS and Redis Enterprise meet real-time data and application needs with simplicity and automation.” „Intel Optane is a revolutionary approach to flash memory technology and Redis perfectly showcases the leap forward it represents in terms of the new economics of in-memory computing,” said Frank Ober, Data Center Solution Architect of Intel. „We look forward to unveiling the potential of Redis Enterprise combined with Intel Optane at RedisConf 2017.” Redis is the world’s leading in-memory database platform. RedisConf is the largest gathering of Redis users and experts from around the globe focused on Redis deep dives, use case scenarios, implementation case studies, ecosystem facets, hands-on technical training, and demos. Attendees will have the opportunity to learn from keynotes and sessions focused on varied topics, including machine learning, IoT, analytics, personalization, streaming, metering, artificial intelligence and more. For the latest speaker announcements, event updates and session details, visit http://redisconf.com/. About Redis Labs Redis Labs, home of open source Redis, the world’s most popular in-memory database platform, provides Redis Enterprise (Redise), as a service in all major clouds, and as downloadable software. The high performance, true high availability and seamless scaling of Redise power e-commerce, social, personalization, IoT, metering, fraud detection and other real-time applications. Redis Labs is consistently ranked as a leader in top analyst reports on NoSQL, in-memory databases, operational databases, and database-as-a-service. Its Redis Enterprise platform has been adopted by over 7,000 enterprises, including many Fortune 100 listed US companies such as three of the top four communications, two of the top three healthcare, and five of the top seven technology companies. Redis has been rated the #1 cloud database, #1 database on Docker, #1 NoSQL datastore, and fastest growing NoSQL database in the top ten. Founded in 2011, Redis Labs is headquartered in Mountain View, Calif., with offices in Tel Aviv and London. For more information, visit RedisLabs.com or follow us at @RedisLabs. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious HopFed Bancorp, Inc. Holds Annual Meeting of Shareholders Next PostNext Global Automotive Shock Absorber Rubber Market 2017-2021: Key Drivers and Forecasts by Technavio Search Recent Posts Country Garden and More Than 30 Giant Companies Like Cisco Jointly Build Tech Town Budgetary Impact Analysis for Executive Order Entitled “Strengthening the Cybersecurity of Federal Networks and Critical Infrastructure” Readout of the Vice President’s Meeting with President Juan Manuel Santos of Colombia Budgetary Impact Analysis for Executive Order Entitled “Establishment of Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity Global Toilet Soap Market Research Report 2016 – Industry Sales, Growth, Production, Demands, Types, Shares, Revenues & Key Vendors : Unilever, Valobra, Henkel, Vermont, Palmolive Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
NCAA NFL MLB Recruiting More Sports Fantasy Military Fishing Hunting Living Membership Tickets App Teams NCAA Football HQ FB Recruiting NCAA Basketball HQ BK Recruiting Tailgating Teams NFL HQ Draft Rankings Fantasy Tailgating Teams MLB HQ Transactions Scouting Top Prospects FB Recruiting HQ FB Prospects FB Commits FB Team Rankings JC Football BK Recruiting HQ BK Prospects BK Commits BK Team Rankings High School Sports NBA Golf Cleveland Sports Rankings Fantasy HQ Tools Daily Fantasy Forums Play Join Warrior The latest news and tech from the field of combat. North American Fisherman Fishing news and video from NAF. Wired2Fish Gear reviews, guides, and how-to videos for serious anglers. Fishhound Tracking all things fishing...all the time. North American Hunter Hunting news, video, and gear reviews from NAH. Gear News and reviews on the hottest gear, fastest cars, and latest tech. Build Gear reviews and how-to guides for the handyman. Tailgate Recipes, games, and guides for American's fastest-growing sport. Garden Tips and tricks for landscaping and lawn care. Cook Recipes and tutorial videos. SCOUT Sign In Forums Forums List SI Members Board Football Board Basketball Board Football Stories Roster Schedule Team Stats FB Recruiting Prospects Visits Commits Team Rankings State Rankings Eligibility Basketball Stories Roster Schedule Team Stats BK Recruiting Prospects Visits Commits Team Rankings Eligibility News All Football FB Recruiting Basketball BK Recruiting Upcoming Events Shop Tickets Join Jamal Bieniemy (Nike/Jon Lopez) Sooner Intel: OU felt like home for Jamal Bieniemy Bob Przybylo Yesterday at 6:54 AM Intel returns with an update on OU's first basketball commit for 2018, Jamal Bieniemy. Things felt pretty good for Oklahoma basketball and Katy (Texas) Tompkins shooting guard prospect Jamal Bieniemy heading into his trip to OU two weeks ago. Not sure either side expected a commitment to come out of the visit, but when things are going good, there’s no point in waiting. http://www.scout.com/player/216609-jamal-bieniemy?s=146 Bieniemy, listed at 6-foot-5 and 175 pounds, became OU’s initial pledge for the 2018 class when he committed two weeks ago at dinner with the OU coaching staff. “Going into that weekend, OU was on the top of my list,” Bieniemy said. “And when I got on campus and they showed me how things work I felt it would be the best place for me to grow on and off the court.” Bieniemy said he had no intention to commit on the visit, but the system set up at OU blew him away and let him know he was making the right choice. It wasn’t as if Bieniemy didn’t have a long list of suitors, especially coming off great performances in the last month during the live evaluation period. When he arrived, he said he started to realize things were good and even told assistant coach Carlin Hartman that during a tour of Lloyd Noble Center. As the hours went on, the feeling never went away. “I first told Coach Hartman when we were walking through the Lloyd Noble center that I wanted to be a Sooner,” Bieniemy said. “Then at dinner with the coaching staff I told Coach Kruger to make it official.” Bieniemy is exactly what OU needs moving forward in terms of being a scorer. Bieniemy is more than that, too, but his 21 points per game as a junior seem like a good indicator that he’ll be able to find the bucket at OU. Bieniemy also averaged eight assists and six rebounds. The bond with Kruger and Hartman played a huge role for Bieniemy. Even though the Sooners hadn’t been recruiting Bieniemy for an extended period of time, it was enough. “Me and Coach Kruger talk a lot throughout the week,” Bieniemy said. “The same with Coach Hartman. Coach Hartman came to my school to watch me workout and then we started building a relationship. Then last month coach Kruger came to Houston and he offered me.” Getting Bieniemy isn’t just getting a quality scorer, it’s also about OU continuing to develop meaningful bonds with players from the Houston area. It has been a major priority for the Sooners, and it has been working. OU fans are hoping Bieniemy won’t be the lone Houston-area product as all eyes are on The Woodlands (Texas) College Park five-star guard Quentin Grimes. As OU continues its pursuit of Grimes, it can rest easy knowing it has locked up Bieniemy, whose goal is only to improve moving forward. “Going into my senior year I've been working on getting my three ball more consistent,” Bieniemy said. For someone who can already do many things well, the addition of a consistent perimeter shot would be icing on the cake for the Sooners.       Share on Facebook  Share on Twitter Trending on Scout Army Upgrades Artillery Fire Targeting OU felt like home for Jamal Bieniemy OU gives tour of completed facilities Chinese Media Cites Rockets - South China Sea Shok Valley: Green Beret Survives Ambush Share & Embed 4-star Stills Dominates The Opening Charlotte Full Story Sooners Illustrated Top Stories OU's attempt at an #HTownTakeover? Intel returns highlighting OU trying to make a dent in Houston. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedYesterday at 6:58 AM Starrland Baldwin's love of OU never left Intel returns with an update with OU commit Starrland Baldwin. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedYesterday at 6:50 AM OU's 'must-get' for 2018 class When examining OU's 2018 class, one position clearly stands out. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedWednesday at 9:02 AM Sooners Illustrated hitting the OKPreps road It's time to hit the road. Sooners Illustrated will be all over the state the next 2-3 weeks seeing the best of the best in OKPreps. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedTuesday at 8:24 AM Let OKPreps spring football begin!A review of the top 10 prospects in the state and where things stand as spring football begins. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedMonday at 9:42 AM OU's defensive 'wish list' - May OU's defensive 'wish list' for May as Sooners attempt to build monster defensive class. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedMonday at 7:46 AM OU gives tour of completed facilitiesOU's facilities are done. The Sooners are home. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedThursday at 6:36 AM 4-star Stills Dominates The Opening CharlotteMATTHEWS, N.C. -- Defensive tackle Dante Stills shows why he is now a four-star on Scout after dominating The Opening Regional. by Brian Dohn Scout FootballThursday at 6:13 AM Przybylo podcast: Riley contract huge for OUThe BoneMan Show returns explaining why Lincoln Riley's contract extension is so significant for OU moving forward. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedWednesday at 6:27 AM OU hoping to see 20/20 in 2020Examining OU's early offers for the 2020 class. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedTuesday at 10:06 AM Scout 300 LB Changes Commitment DateGardena (Calif.) Serra linebacker Merlin Robertson was planning to make a summer commitment but said he will now go through the recruiting process and take all of his official… by Greg Biggins Scout FootballMonday at 6:01 PMLoad More NCAA Teams Forums Basketball BB Recruiting Football FB Recruiting JC Football NFL Teams Forums Fantasy News Free Agents Draft MLB Teams Forums News Top Prospects Scouting Home Handy Cooking Gardening Tailgater More Hunting Fishing Warrior Golf NBA High School Other App Membership Tickets CBS Sports Sign In Sign Up 247 SportsCBS Sports Digital Back To Top Twitter Facebook Instagram RSS Feed About Advertisers Press Help Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Service Careers © 2017 Scout.com All rights reserved Javascript must be enabled to view this page.
NCAA NFL MLB Recruiting More Sports Fantasy Military Fishing Hunting Living Membership Tickets App Teams NCAA Football HQ FB Recruiting NCAA Basketball HQ BK Recruiting Tailgating Teams NFL HQ Draft Rankings Fantasy Tailgating Teams MLB HQ Transactions Scouting Top Prospects FB Recruiting HQ FB Prospects FB Commits FB Team Rankings JC Football BK Recruiting HQ BK Prospects BK Commits BK Team Rankings High School Sports NBA Golf Cleveland Sports Rankings Fantasy HQ Tools Daily Fantasy Forums Play Join Warrior The latest news and tech from the field of combat. North American Fisherman Fishing news and video from NAF. Wired2Fish Gear reviews, guides, and how-to videos for serious anglers. Fishhound Tracking all things fishing...all the time. North American Hunter Hunting news, video, and gear reviews from NAH. Gear News and reviews on the hottest gear, fastest cars, and latest tech. Build Gear reviews and how-to guides for the handyman. Tailgate Recipes, games, and guides for American's fastest-growing sport. Garden Tips and tricks for landscaping and lawn care. Cook Recipes and tutorial videos. SCOUT Sign In Forums Forums List SI Members Board Football Board Basketball Board Football Stories Roster Schedule Team Stats FB Recruiting Prospects Visits Commits Team Rankings State Rankings Eligibility Basketball Stories Roster Schedule Team Stats BK Recruiting Prospects Visits Commits Team Rankings Eligibility News All Football FB Recruiting Basketball BK Recruiting Upcoming Events Shop Tickets Join Starrland Baldwin Jr. (© Greg Powers) Sooner Intel: Starrland Baldwin's love of OU never left Bob Przybylo Yesterday at 6:50 AM Intel returns with an update with OU commit Starrland Baldwin. Four months ago, not many people knew the name of Houston Cypress Falls defensive back Starrland Baldwin. http://www.scout.com/player/215347-starrland-baldwin?s=73 TCU was the lone major school showing interest so Baldwin’s goal heading into The Opening regional in Houston on Super Bowl Sunday was to turn some heads. He did that and then some, displaying his impressive speed. His performance that caught the eye of Oklahoma defensive backs coach Kerry Cooks. With the Sooners hosting a junior day in February, Cooks tried to work fast to get Baldwin to campus. Mission accomplished as Baldwin earned his first Power 5 conference offer from OU at the event and committed last week to become OU’s seventh pledge for the 2018 class. “From the jump, after I met the staff, they were real genuine,” Baldwin said. “They are real cool dudes that I could see myself being around for the next few years. It’s a great relationship.” Baldwin was pretty excited after the OU and admitted last week that he always had a good feeling the Sooners were going to be the choice. Instead of rushing into things, Baldwin played it cool and let the process play out. Three months later and nothing had changed so Baldwin had his answer. He is going to be a Sooner and said he plans to be a mid-year enrollee at OU as well. Baldwin’s commitment felt inevitable for a few weeks, and he said trying to keep it a secret was a challenge. One of the culprits in that is former teammate and now OU defensive tackle Du’Vonta Lampkin. Lampkin was the first to post about Baldwin’s offer before Baldwin had a chance in February and then tipped people off about a commitment in April when he tweeted OU would be getting some good news. Baldwin eventually made the call in a two-minute video ending with him and an #OUDNA towel. He understands the scrutiny recruiting commitment videos can get, but he also knew the message he wanted to send. “It’s something to be happy about,” Baldwin said. “It’s something I’m happy about so why not present it to the public in that type of fashion?” OU appeared to make the right impression because of the work Cooks had put in. As some schools dragged their feet about his 5-foot-10 frame, OU’s defensive backs coach didn’t hesitate. And when you think of what Cooks recruits at the spot, Baldwin fits the mold. Fast? Yep. Twitchy? Absolutely. Baldwin had one of the fastest shuttle runs at The Opening regional, which sometimes can be regarded higher than a 40-yard dash time because it shows the shiftiness required. “It has been a really good relationship with Coach Cooks,” Baldwin said. “He’s a good man. Really, everyone on the staff has been genuine. I have a good feeling about all of them.” Baldwin said he plan was always to enroll early, and he’s happy to have that opportunity with OU. He can focus on his senior season and then get ready. He’s set with the Sooners, no looking around. The next part of his recruitment won’t involve him but will involve trying to load up other top prospects to OU for the #ST2K18 class. Baldwin said he talks in a group message with OU commits like T.J. Pledger, Patrick Fields and Miguel Edwards, and they’re ready to make something happen. “There’s a group message where we all talk,” Baldwin said. “We get excited just thinking about what’s going to happen. We know big things are going down.” And big things will continue going down for Baldwin. Not bad for somebody not many knew much about four months ago.   Share on Facebook  Share on Twitter Trending on Scout Army Upgrades Artillery Fire Targeting OU felt like home for Jamal Bieniemy OU gives tour of completed facilities Chinese Media Cites Rockets - South China Sea Shok Valley: Green Beret Survives Ambush Share & Embed 4-star Stills Dominates The Opening Charlotte Full Story Sooners Illustrated Top Stories OU's attempt at an #HTownTakeover? Intel returns highlighting OU trying to make a dent in Houston. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedYesterday at 6:58 AM OU felt like home for Jamal Bieniemy Intel returns with an update on OU's first basketball commit for 2018, Jamal Bieniemy. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedYesterday at 6:54 AM OU's 'must-get' for 2018 class When examining OU's 2018 class, one position clearly stands out. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedWednesday at 9:02 AM Sooners Illustrated hitting the OKPreps road It's time to hit the road. Sooners Illustrated will be all over the state the next 2-3 weeks seeing the best of the best in OKPreps. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedTuesday at 8:24 AM Let OKPreps spring football begin!A review of the top 10 prospects in the state and where things stand as spring football begins. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedMonday at 9:42 AM OU's defensive 'wish list' - May OU's defensive 'wish list' for May as Sooners attempt to build monster defensive class. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedMonday at 7:46 AM OU gives tour of completed facilitiesOU's facilities are done. The Sooners are home. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedThursday at 6:36 AM 4-star Stills Dominates The Opening CharlotteMATTHEWS, N.C. -- Defensive tackle Dante Stills shows why he is now a four-star on Scout after dominating The Opening Regional. by Brian Dohn Scout FootballThursday at 6:13 AM Przybylo podcast: Riley contract huge for OUThe BoneMan Show returns explaining why Lincoln Riley's contract extension is so significant for OU moving forward. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedWednesday at 6:27 AM OU hoping to see 20/20 in 2020Examining OU's early offers for the 2020 class. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedTuesday at 10:06 AM Scout 300 LB Changes Commitment DateGardena (Calif.) Serra linebacker Merlin Robertson was planning to make a summer commitment but said he will now go through the recruiting process and take all of his official… by Greg Biggins Scout FootballMonday at 6:01 PMLoad More NCAA Teams Forums Basketball BB Recruiting Football FB Recruiting JC Football NFL Teams Forums Fantasy News Free Agents Draft MLB Teams Forums News Top Prospects Scouting Home Handy Cooking Gardening Tailgater More Hunting Fishing Warrior Golf NBA High School Other App Membership Tickets CBS Sports Sign In Sign Up 247 SportsCBS Sports Digital Back To Top Twitter Facebook Instagram RSS Feed About Advertisers Press Help Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Service Careers © 2017 Scout.com All rights reserved Javascript must be enabled to view this page.
TechRadar pro IT insights for business Search RSS US Edition News Reviews Insights TechRadar Laptops/PCs Printers Hardware Software Mobile Working Security Networks Data Centre Hands on: Chuwi Hi13 review A cracking tablet that deserves some serious consideration Not yet rated By Desire Athow Tablets  Shares What is a hands on review? Our Early Verdict The Hi13 marks another impressive milestone for lesser-known Chinese vendors. Chuwi has produced a superb convertible with few compromises made, and a design that puts it on-par with the big guns. For Smart design Cheap price Gorgeous screen Useful accessories Against Battery life could be a tad better Power adaptor could be far smaller No place to store stylus Bulging hinge is a pain in the lap As far as Chinese tech companies are concerned, broadly speaking, there are three categories. Firstly, the big hitters like Huawei or Lenovo, that can afford to charge premium prices for their products. Then there are the firms which cannot charge premium prices because they don’t have the relevant quality products, and lastly, the vendors that do not charge a premium, but yet do have products that can compete with the bigger players. Chuwi firmly belongs in that final category and it has gradually built a following with products that strike the right balance between features and pricing. The Hi10, Hi12, LapBook and HiBox have all cemented the manufacturer’s reputation as being a challenger rather than a follower. With the Hi13, Chuwi wants to change gear and aim for the mainstream market. This is a 2-in-1, detachable laptop that features a so-called 3K display, one that can only be found on one other comparable device – Microsoft’s Surface Book. The term comparable is used loosely here as the two products have some significant differences. The cheapest Surface Book costs £1,299 at the time of writing ($1,499 in the US, or AU$2,299) while the Chuwi Hi13 can be purchased for around £270 (about $350, AU$470) from Gearbest, the online retailer that provided us with the review sample. That price is for the tablet only. Add the official keyboard with magnetic docking along with the stylus and the price goes up to around £330 (about $430, AU$575); but that’s still a big, fat 75% less than Microsoft’s signature detachable. Note that those Hi13 prices are exclusive of any taxes that may be levied by HMRC or the courier companies on behalf of the vendor. Want to buy tech from online Chinese retailers? Read this first. The influence of the Surface Book can be seen very clearly in the design here. Chuwi went for an all-metal unibody for the chassis, one that was machined using a CNC process.  It is dense, solid, and is a far cry from the wobbly, flexing entry-level tablets that Chinese manufacturers often churn out. At 9.2mm on its own and 16.5mm with the keyboard, the Hi13 is surprisingly large given that it is a 13.5-inch device. The thicker bezel means that it has almost the same form-factor as a 15-inch laptop, and at 2kg (1.1kg for the tablet and 900g for the keyboard) it’s almost twice the weight of the Dell XPS 13, the smallest 13.3-inch laptop on the market. Speaking of the keyboard, it can either be removed or used in three other positions (tent, stand and laptop mode), all of which are faithfully reproduced from the playbook of Lenovo’s award-winning Yoga. The Hi13 connects keyboard to tablet via a thick hinge which makes using it on your lap – as a laptop – uncomfortable, indeed verging on painful. At any rate, while the top-line feature matches the Surface Book – an absolutely gorgeous 13.5-inch 3,000 x 2,000 pixel IPS 10-point touchscreen display – the rest of the hardware configuration lags behind. But that’s no surprise given the price; obviously something had to give. The processor used is an Intel Celeron N3450, part of the Apollo Lake family. It is a 6W, 14nm part with four cores, four threads, a base frequency of 1.1GHz, a burst frequency of 2.2GHz and 2MB L2 cache. Such a low TDP means that the Hi13 has a fanless design – the integrated graphics (Intel HD Graphics 500) runs at 200MHz and can overclock to 700MHz. There’s 4GB of LPDDR3 memory, 64GB eMMC ROM (which is significantly slower than an SSD), Intel-sourced 802.11ac Wi-Fi, two cameras, Bluetooth 4.1 and a 5,000mAh battery which can be charged using a 24W (12V, 2A) power adaptor, one that connects to the USB Type-C port. Sadly the latter cannot be used for transmitting data, while the notebook’s microUSB connector can’t be used for charging; that’s only for data. The latter is located on the same side as the earphone jack, a micro-HDMI port, the aforementioned Type-C connector and a microSD card slot. There are no full-size USB ports this time around, although the keyboard dock adds two full-size USB 2.0 ports. A volume rocker and the power button can also be found on another edge of the Hi13. Regarding battery longevity, Chuwi’s tablet fell just short of five hours when playing a YouTube video at full brightness, which is less than we were expecting – but then a 6-megapixel display is likely to consume far more power than lower resolution screens. Speaking of the display, it covers 100% of the sRGB colour gamut with a 480 nits brightness and a 3:2 aspect ratio. There’s very little colour shift, guaranteeing excellent viewing angles. Images look sharp and colour reproduction is spot-on to the naked eye. But the display isn’t without flaws. There is a tiny but noticeable gap between the actual screen and the digitizer glass panel, and it doesn’t use Corning’s Gorilla Glass technology to protect it from scratches. Having such a large surface to work with brings the active stylus pen, called the HiPen H3, to life thanks to 1,024 levels of pressure sensitivity. The stylus has two buttons, performs reasonably well and is powered by a AAAA battery. You won’t be able to hold the tablet for long, though, if you intend to use it at arm’s length, simply due to the weight of the thing. Another pleasant surprise is the fact that Chuwi also managed to integrate four speakers on the Hi13 – one in each corner – which does improve the audio performance of the tablet in general compared to other similar-priced models. Just don’t expect miracles here as the sound is quite muffled and lower than expected. Benchmarks show that the Hi13 is still a very capable machine despite sporting a Celeron processor. For example, it scored a commendable 166 on Cinebench, which is about half what a Kaby Lake Core i5-7200U, as seen in the Asus AsusPro B9440UA for example, can achieve. Early verdict Well, well; the Hi13 lived up to our high expectations. There are inherent disadvantages associated with a device of this size, like the fact that it is top-heavy, or has a shorter battery life because of the display. And there are corners cut, as well, but they don’t impact too negatively on the overall user experience once you take the price into account. Chuwi judiciously opted for a far more capable Celeron processor (rather than an Atom one), and paired it with just enough RAM and storage, with the centrepiece being the excellent 3,000 x 2,000-pixel display. Compared to the Surface Book or even the Apple iPad Pro (12.9-inch), this hybrid presents a more affordable, dare we say mainstream, alternative if you are in the market for a large format tablet with pen input capabilities. The irony is that potential customers are more likely to balk at the price tag – even if it is a fraction of what the competition charges – because of the risks associated with purchasing an item from abroad. These are the 10 best business laptops in 2017 What is a hands on review? 'Hands on reviews' are a journalist's first impressions of a piece of kit based on spending some time with it. It may be just a few moments, or a few hours. The important thing is we have been able to play with it ourselves and can give you some sense of what it's like to use, even if it's only an embryonic view. For more information, see TechRadar's Reviews Guarantee. GET YOUR FREE MAGAZINE NET: The Money Issue worth £5.99 Join 13,000 TechRadar Pro subscribers! Sign up for a new, free business service from TechRadar Pro to help you in your job delivering high value, original content direct to your inbox GET MY FREE MAGAZINE No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 Google Pixel 2 release date, news and rumors 2 Samsung Galaxy Note 8 release date, news and rumors 3 Samsung Galaxy S8 review 4 The best free VPN 2017 5 iPhone 8 release date, news and rumors 1 Nokia 3310 unboxing: what do you get for your money? 2 Super Mario Odyssey release date, news and rumours 3 How to download Pokemon: Magikarp Jump 4 Google Lens is blowing my mind, and it’s not even out yet 5 The best free anti-ransomware software 2017 TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. About Us Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
Welcome Log out Login Register ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST LOGIN REGISTER PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks ENTERPRISE & IT WEARABLES Home> Notebooks Menu PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables TRENDING TOPICS GPUs Mobile Smartphones CPUs AMD Intel Storage NVIDIA AT20 Home> Notebooks HP Launches Elite x2 1012 G2 2-in-1: 12.3-Inch Display, Kaby Lake, 1 TB SSD, 16 GB LPDDR3, TB3 by Anton Shilov on May 19, 2017 9:00 AM EST Posted in Notebooks Systems HP Laptops Kaby Lake Elite x2 Elite x2 1012 G2 23 Comments | Add A Comment 23 Comments + Add A Comment HP has announced the second generation of its Elite x2 1012 2-in-1 detachable PC designed for commercial applications. The next-gen system not only gets more powerful Kaby Lake SoCs, but has also seen improvements across the board compared to its predecessor: it now has a larger display with a higher resolution and brightness, two times more DRAM, up to a 1 TB SSD, Thunderbolt 3, a higher-capacity battery, enhanced security features, and other advancements. Despite all the upgrades, HP has managed to maintain thin profile and low weight of the Elite x2 1012 G1. When it comes to Elite x2 systems, HP shares the “power of a notebook, flexibility of a tablet” philosophy and acts accordingly — equipping them with powerful hardware, but minding portability and keeping the weight of the tablet itself at around 800 grams. The company is positioning the Elite x2 1012 G2 as a fully-fledged replacement for executive laptops, so the new units feature notebook-class Core i5/i7 7000U-series CPUs and can be equipped with virtually every modern technology found in mobile PCs, including 4G LTE, WiGig, a fingerprint reader, Thunderbolt 3, an audio sub-system co-developed with Harman Kardon, and so on to make them suitable for various use cases. Moreover, the Elite x2 1012 G2 can be serviced quite easily — a benefit for experienced users and IT departments. At the same time, the Elite x2 is not designed for every possible application that is out there. For example, the systems lack smart card readers, which are required by some government agencies; they are also not equipped with NFC modules that various retailers may use. For those specific users, there's HP’s existing Pro x2, which was launched earlier this year. Furthermore, being equipped with Intel Core i5/i7-Y (KBL-Y) SoCs, the Pro x2 has no fans, whereas the Elite x2 G2 runs notebook SoCs with higher frequencies and improved iGPUs, which is why it's not a sealed system Internally, the HP Elite x2 G2 is based on Intel’s Core i5/i7 7000U-series SoCs, which feature the Kaby Lake microarchitecture along with the HD Graphics 620 (16 EUs, Gen 9) iGPU. This is a clear improvement over the Elite x2 G1 that run SoCs with lower frequencies and with an iGPU with fewer EUs (12 EUs). The Elite x2 system comes with 16 GB of dual-channel LPDDR3 memory (not upgradeable) and an M.2 SSD with a SATA or PCIe interface and capacities ranging from 128 GB to 1 GB. When it comes to communication capabilities, the Elite x2 can be equipped with a selection of wireless controllers, from a “basic” 802.11ac 2×2 Wi-Fi + BT 4.2 controller to something more powerful with WiGig and/or 4G LTE. Among external ports, the Elite x2 G2 offers one Thunderbolt 3 (USB Type-C) header for data, charging, external displays, etc.; one USB 3.0 Type-A; a microSD slot as well as a TRRS connector for headsets. Specifications of the Second Generation HP Elite x2   HP Elite x2 1012 G2 LCD Diagonal 12.3" Resolution 2736×1824 Brightness 450 cd/m² CPU Core i7-7600U (2C/4T, 4 MB,  2.8/3.9 GHz) Core i5-7300U (2C/4T, 3 MB, 2.6/3.5 GHz) Core i5-7200U (2C/4T, 3 MB, 2.5/3.1 GHz) Core i3-7100U (2C/4T, 3 MB, 2.4 GHz) Graphics HD Graphics 620 (24 EUs) RAM 16 GB LPDDR3 Storage 128 GB M.2 SATA SSD 256 GB up to 1 TB M.2 PCIe NVMe TLC SED SSD 256 GB up to 512 GB M.2 SATA TLC SSD 360 GB M.2 PCle 3.0 x4 TLC SSD 256 GB up to 512 GB M.2 PCIe SSD 256 GB up to 512 GB M.2 PCIe SSD Wireless: Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, LTE, GPS and WiGig options Intel Dual Band Wireless-AC 8265 802.11ac Wi-Fi + BT 4.2 HP hs3210 WW HSPA+ Mobile Broadband HP lt4132 LTE/HSPA+ 4G Mobile Broadband Intel Tri Band Wireless-AC 18265 802.11a/b/g/n/ac (2x2) and Bluetooth 4.2 WiGig Combo HP lt4120 LTE/EV-DO/HSPA+ Mobile Broadband HP lt4226 LTE/HSPA+ Qualcomm Gobi 4G Module HP lt4225 LTE/EV-DO Qualcomm Gobi 4G Module u-blox EVA-M8M M.2 GPS module 8,9,10,11 USB 3.1 1 × TB 3 3.0 1 × Type-A 2.0 - Thunderbolt 1 × TB 3 (for charging, data, DP 1.2 displays) Card Reader MicroSD Cameras Front 5 MP front-facing camera + IR camera for face authentication Back 8 MP rear-facing camera with flash LED Fingerprint Sensor Yes Other I/O Microphone, stereo speakers, audio jack Other Sensors Tablet Tablet: Accelerometer, magnetometer, gyro, ambient light sensor, proximity (SAR for WWAN) Travel and Advanced Keyboard Hall effect, dual Accelerometers Battery 47 Wh Thickness 91 mm (tablet) 146 mm (with keyboard) Weight 800 grams (tablet) 1.15 kg (with travel keyboard) 1.33 kg (with advanced keyboard) Price Starting at $1099 Meanwhile as the Elite x2 G2 doubles as a tablet, system is equipped with a host of sensors (accelerometer, gyroscope, magnetometer, etc.) and is compatible with styluses. It also has rather powerful imaging capabilities: on the front it has a 5 MP RGB camera coupled with an IR sensor, on the backside it features an 8 MP sensor with a LED flash. Also found on the backside is the system's fingerprint reader. As for the chassis, the HP Elite x2 1012 G2 uses a similar — but not exactly identical — body as its predecessor. The new 2-in-1 laptop is made of aluminum; HP does not reveal the exact alloy, but it should be something durable, like the Aluminum 6061 alloy used for the Pro x2. Due to major changes of the internal architecture, the thickness of the new tablet has increased to 9.1 mm/0.36” (from 7.6 mm/0.3”), but the weight of the tablet has remained at around 800 grams/1.77 lb. Meanwhile, the display of the new Elite x2 G2 has improved significantly: the diagonal size has increased to 12.3” due to thinner bezels, its resolution has improved to 2736×1824 pixels, and the brightness is now rated for 450 nits. Corning's Gorilla Glass 4, which is used for numerous other HP products as well, protects the screen of the Elite x2 G2. Speaking of the weight and dimensions, and given the positioning of the HP Elite x2 G2, it makes sense to compare it to ultra-thin laptops. As it appears, once the Elite x2 G2 is equipped with a keyboard, its final thickness is 14.6 mm (0.57”), which is thicker than many contemporary notebooks, especially those based on lower-power CPUs. Clearly, the HP Elite x2 G2 has multiple advantages when compared to such mobile PCs (e.g., display resolution, connectivity, higher-capacity battery, form-factor, performance, security, etc.), but the ultimate portability will not be one of them. Comparison of Ultra-Thin Notebooks   HP Elite x2 1012 G2 Samsung Notebook 9 Samsung Notebook 9 Dell XPS 13 HP Spectre Apple MacBook (2016) LCD Diagonal 12.3" 13" 15" 13" 13.3" 12" Resolution 2736×1824 1920×1080 1920×1080 3200×1800 1920×1080 2304×1440 Brightness 450 cd/m² 400 ~ 500 cd/m² unknown 300 cd/m² unknown CPU Core i7-7600U Core i5-7300U Core i5-7200U Core i3-7100U Core i5-7200U Core i7-7500U Core i7-7500U Core i3-7100U Core i5-7200U Core i7-7500U Core i5-7200U Core i7-7500U Core m3-6Y30 Core m5-6Y54 Core m7-6Y75 Graphics HD Graphics 620 (24 EUs) Intel HD Graphics 515 (24 EUs) RAM 16 GB 8-16 GB 8 GB 4-16 GB 8 GB 8 GB LPDDR3 DDR4 LPDDR3 Storage (SSD only) 128 GB SATA 256 GB - 1 TB PCIe 256 GB SATA 256 GB NVMe 128 GB SATA 256 GB - 1 TB NVMe 256 GB 512 GB 1 TB NVMe 256 GB 512 GB PCIe 3.0 x2 Wi-Fi 2×2 802.11ac Wi-Fi Bluetooth 4.2 4.1 4 4G LTE optional - WiGig optiona - USB 3.1   1 × Type-C (unknown speed) 1 × Type-C 3 × Type-C - 3.0 1 × Type-A 2 × Type-A 2 × Type-A - 1 × Type-C 2.0 - 1 × Type-A - Thunderbolt 1 × TB 3 - 1 × TB 3 2 × TB 3 - HDMI - 1 - - Card Reader MicroSD SD - Fingerprint Sensor Yes No Other I/O Microphone, stereo speakers, audio jack Battery 47 Wh 30 Wh 60 Wh 38 Wh 41.4 Wh Thickness 91 mm (tablet) 146 mm (with KB) 13.9 mm 14.9 mm up to 15 mm 10.4 mm up to 13.2 mm Weight 800 grams (tablet) 1.15 kg (with travel keyboard) 1.33 kg (with advanced keyboard) 816 grams 1.8 lbs 984 grams 2.17 lbs 1.2 - 1.29 kg 2.7 - 2.9 lbs 1.10 kilograms 2.45 lbs 920 grams 2.03 lbs Price $1099 ~$1000 ~$1200 $799+ $1100 / 256 GB $1500 / 512 GB $1800 / 1 TB $1300 m3 $1600 m5 $1750 m7 The HP Elite x2 1012 G2 will be available sometimes in July. The MSRP of the entry-level model is expected to be $1099, but to take full advantage of the platform, one will need a more advanced SKU, which will come at a higher price. Related Reading: HP Introduces HP ENVY 13 Laptops with Kaby Lake, USB-C, New Battery, $849 HP Unveils Spectre: The World’s Thinnest Laptop HP Announces The Pavilion Wave And Elite Slice Desktops HP Announces EliteBook Laptops with On/Off Sure View Privacy Screens HP’s Elite x3 Windows 10 Smartphone to Cost $699, Set to Be Available Worldwide Source: HP Tweet PRINT THIS ARTICLE Post Your Comment Please log in or sign up to comment. POST A COMMENT 23 Comments View All Comments Gunbuster - Friday, May 19, 2017 - link "the Elite x2 can be equipped with a selection of wireless controllers" - Microsoft are you reading this? Your terrible WiFi has to go! Reply zepi - Friday, May 19, 2017 - link So a 4:3 aspect ratio surface clone that looks pretty solid and has TB3? Doesn't look bad to me. Reply skavi - Friday, May 19, 2017 - link *3:2 Reply ragenalien - Friday, May 19, 2017 - link Why are we still using DDR3? Reply Rampart19 - Friday, May 19, 2017 - link LPDDR4 isn't available yet. The laptops that use DDR4 are using regular voltage DDR4. Reply trivik12 - Friday, May 19, 2017 - link Why is that. We have phones with LPDDR4 and even LPDDR4x? Reply BrokenCrayons - Friday, May 19, 2017 - link I like this thing a lot with a few caveats. It could benefit from a better hinge that eliminates the detachability of the system from its keyboard. HP is a little late in discovering that the tablet fad is dying in favor of phone and laptop dominance, but maybe in a generation or two they'll come around. Microsoft is already leading that charge by converting their Surface to conventional, and inarguably far better, notebook computers. Anyway, dumping the silly tablet functionality would make the whole system more durable for corporate/business use and more practical for the intended audience. They could shed the kickstand arrangement if they did that and move the systems nicely specced innards down to the keyboard base to give it better balance when being used on surfaces that aren't as solid as say a desk or table. Passive cooling would be nice, but I get it that there's going to be a trade-off between performance and cooling capacity so you really can't ding HP too much for that. Good effort from HP and in another generation, we'll likely see those sorts of improvements. Reply zepi - Friday, May 19, 2017 - link There is almost infinite variety of laptops on the market for those who prefer them. I see very little harm in having couple of half-decent tablet-y convertibles for those who actually want to have the stylus functionalities etc. Reply BrokenCrayons - Friday, May 19, 2017 - link Oh there's absolutely no harm at all in catering to that market. It's just that it's not a growth segment at this point and sales will likely reflect the broad lack of interest in tablet hardware. In a lot of ways late, post-growth products in the tablet market sort of mirror the VR hardware trend we're seeing where headsets like Facebook's Rift that only arrived on the coattails of 3D TV, but disappointingly long after the 3D fad had died on the vine. The proverbial iron is no longer hot so striking now is sort of a moot point. Reply The Saint - Friday, May 19, 2017 - link This comment is completely bizarre. This Tesla is great and all, but it'd be better if they redesigned it to be a pickup truck, as sales of pickup trucks are much better than electric cars. HP already has a thousand laptops that aren't tablets. If you want a laptop from them, just go buy an x360 or an Elitebook. Reply 1 2 3 ▶ PIPELINE STORIES + Submit News Western Digital Ships Client SSDs Based on 512 Gb 3D TLC NAND Chips AT20 Giveaway Day 18: NVIDIA SHIELDs You from the GeForces HP Launches Elite x2 1012 G2 2-in-1: 12.3-Inch Display, Kaby Lake, 1 TB SSD, 16 GB LPDDR3, TB3 AT20 Giveaway Day 17.5: Need Help With a New Build? FSP is on the Case AT20 Giveaway Day 17: Motorola Keeps You Mobile With Moto Zs Google I/O 2017: Google Assistant Gets Smarter, Google Home Gets Free Calling & More Google I/O 2017: New AR/VR Experiences HTC Announces New Standalone Vive VR Headset with Google Daydream Support AT20 Giveaway Day 16.5: Gigabyte Provides Your Next Z170 Motherboard AT20 Giveaway Day 16: ADATA Supplies the Storage & the RAM AMD Updates GPU Architecture Roadmap: After Navi Comes “Next Gen” CORSAIR Unveils Dominator Platinum Special Edition Torque 32GB DDR4 Memory Kits TWEETS IanCutress: @marcuspollice @Dresdenboy We got source code. IanCutress: @marcuspollice @Dresdenboy The tool was given to some press by a user who wants to remain anon. We didn't have time… https://t.co/iHL7H5Q0gb RyanSmithAT: @dan_grey @AndrewJacksonZA @anandtech @IanCutress Still isolating the root cause. But my chief engineer thinks it w… https://t.co/WaangOl55B IanCutress: @cataclysmza This is the original Theme Park on MS-DOS, circa 1994. Same tactic worked to at least Theme Park on the Genesis RyanSmithAT: @AndrewJacksonZA @anandtech Heh. 9 times out of 10 when it's not an automated post, it's me. The last 10th time is @IanCutress IanCutress: RT @anandtech: We're currently resolving some site issues. Apologies for the downtime, and thank you for the reports. IanCutress: #OldGameHacks Theme Park: 1) HookADuck, Price 999, Prize 400, Win% 100. 2) Put 3 at start 3) NPCs play, win, are happy 4) 599 Profit each RyanSmithAT: @juhanailmoniemi Thanks. An ad server was misconfigured this morning. It's been fixed. RyanSmithAT: @marcustyphoon @anandtech Thanks. An ad server was misconfigured this morning. It's been fixed. RyanSmithAT: @DanMatte Likely. The time is right. Definitely eager to find out more ganeshts: Is anyone contemplating a 7700K build going to use anything other than an SSD as a boot drive? https://t.co/cioSjAs6Y7 ganeshts: @BrettHowse @majornelson QNAP has some unique well-developed features such as Virtualization Station (QEMU, made easy to use) ganeshts: @BrettHowse @majornelson Particular choice depends on needed feature set. Syno can enable 'privately hosted' G-Suite/Slack 'replacement' ganeshts: @BrettHowse @majornelson Business use-cases / multi-employee offices - Synology, Home use - QNAP's feature set is better ganeshts: @chrisheinonen Can we use wireless HEOS speakers for the surround and rear channels with these AVRs? Follow @ANANDTECH   LINKS Home About Forums RSS Pipeline News Bench Galleries Terms of Use Copyright Policy Contact Us TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS The Most Trusted in Tech Since 1997 About Advertising Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. TOPICS FOLLOW ABOUT CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides Facebook Twitter RSS About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Terms of Use Copyright Policy Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. BENCH CPU SSD GPU 2013 GPU 2012 Smartphone 2011 Mobile TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS ABOUT About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. Log in Don't have an account? Sign up now Username Password Remember Me Lost your password? We’ve updated our terms. By continuing to use the site and/or by logging into your account, you agree to the Site’s updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today DOW- NASDAQ- S&P 500- Deere leaps ahead on massive Q2 earnings burst >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > Buy the Intel Corporation (INTC) Stock Transformation While It’s Cheap Intel is breaking out of its mold and making INTC stock a buy By Hilary Kramer, Editor, GameChangers  |  May 19, 2017, 8:14 am EDT     Popular Posts: 3 Earnings Reports You Need to Watch Next Week Buy the Intel Corporation (INTC) Stock Transformation While It’s Cheap Why Snap Inc (SNAP) Stock Won’t Do What Facebook Did Recent Posts: 3 Earnings Reports That Are on Tap Next Week Buy the Intel Corporation (INTC) Stock Transformation While It’s Cheap These Cybersecurity Stocks Are Finally Getting Some Respect View All Posts Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) stock has gained nearly 18% over the last 12 months but is in the red year-to-date despite general strength for the market and tech sector. That’s the bad news. The good news? It has made INTC a stock you can’t afford to pass up. Source: stargazer2020 via Flickr The company’s most recent earnings report, which came out in April, is one reason shares have been struggling. Intel, which is primarily a chip company, beat Wall Street’s earnings-per-share consensus by a penny but posted a disappointing top line. Revenue just missed the expected mark, while the company’s data center segment also came in below forecast. That worried investors the most, as the data center segment is one of the company’s touted solutions to a rapidly shrinking PC market. The data center segment is only one growth market for Intel, though — and the first quarter is always slow for it. The Internet of Things is the other hot play, and I’m a believer in its prospects. The transformation from PC king to Internet of Things player is going to be rocky (as it has been of late), but savvy investors will see the value and act early. INTC Stock’s New Focus Intel’s Internet of Things focus of late has been self-driving cars — an industry that’s requiring a bridge to be built between traditional automakers and cutting-edge tech companies. While a car is obvious the baseline technology, massive computing power is needed to make one autonomous and safe. INTC stock is hoping its technology and name brand will be enough to carve out a substantial piece of what’s expected to be a rapidly expanding pie. To that end, Intel bought Mobileye NV (NYSE:MBLY), an Israeli company that makes sensors and chips for autonomous vehicles, in March. It also had previously partnered with BMW to build a fully self-driving car by 2021 — a goal that seems even more likely since Delphi Automotive PLC (NYSE:DLPH) was added to the alliance last week. For those not familiar, auto supplier Delphi is famous for creating a self-driving car that drove 3,400 miles across the country in 2015. Once again, the transformation to being a chip company with a strong self-driving car segment isn’t always going to be smooth or consistent. Autonomous vehicles have been touted as the next big thing since the early 1900s, but we didn’t have the processing power necessary until now. And that processing power is going to come from companies like Intel. As the Mobileye acquisition shows, the many startups also aiming to nibble on this pie can easily be munched up by a giant like Intel, which has deep pockets and a good track record. Plus, from an investment point, you’re buying a cheap stock with a juicy dividend and unrealized long-term profits. That’s quite a combination. At current levels, Intel is trading for just 12 times forward earnings and is yielding over 3%. While I don’t love INTC stock’s debt levels, I do love its return on equity and operating margins. And I believe the long-term growth estimate of 8% could be modest as all the self-driving car puzzle pieces come together. The Intel transformation is in its early stages, but it’s real. Investors should dive in before the price reflects the true potential. Hilary Kramer is the editor of GameChangers, Breakout Stocks Under $10, High Octane Trader, Absolute Capital Return and Value Authority. She is an accomplished investment specialist and market strategist with more than 25 years of experience in portfolio management, equity research, trading, and risk management. She has extensive expertise in global financial management, asset allocation, investment banking and private equity ventures, and is regularly sought after to provide her analysis on Bloomberg, CNBC, Fox Business Network and other media. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/05/intel-corporation-intc-stock-transformation/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Cash-Rich, Debt-Free Stocks to Buy to Clobber the Market 3 Dow Jones Icons Set to Surge on a Rebound 7 Small Caps With Mega-Growth Potential 3 Retail REITs to Salvage for Their Inflated Yields 10 M&A Deals We Would Love to See The Next Big Amazon Stock Catalyst ... ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 3 Dow Jones Icons That Will Surge on the Rebound 3 Retail REITs to Salvage for Their Inflated Yields 10 Mergers & Acquisitions Investors Would Love to See 7 Cash-Rich, Debt-Free Stocks to Buy to Clobber the Market 7 Small-Cap Stocks With Mega-Growth Potential Most Popular 7 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy for Every Kind of Investor The 5 Most Vulnerable Stocks in the Market Right Now 7 Criminally Underrated Tech Stocks to Buy Now! The 10 Best Growth Stocks for Retirement 7 Big Bank Stocks Getting Clocked by Trump Chaos The 3 Best Dow Jones Stocks to Buy Poll of the Day View and vote in our How confident are you about the U.S. economy under President Donald Trump? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Skip to main content Windows Central Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions Windows Tablets & Laptops Surface Laptop Surface Pro 4 Surface Book Windows 10 Windows 10 S Windows 10 Mobile Windows Phones Lumia 950 XL Lumia 950 HP Elite x3 The Xbox Lounge Shop HOT DEAL$ Digital Deals All Accessories Cases & Covers Chargers & Cables Docks & Cradles Batteries Screen Protectors Laptop Buyers Guide Windows 10 Help & How To Best Windows Store Apps Best Windows Store Games Apps Microsoft Insider Program Surface Surface Tips Surface Book Surface Pro 4 Surface Pro 3 Xbox Game Reviews Xbox LIVE Project Scorpio The Best Laptop Reviews Deals Today's Trending Tech Deals Digital Offers Dell Laptop Deals Live Help Podcast Log in or Sign up Fewer ads and it's free! Windows Central Forums All News Stories Phone News Surface News Windows News Xbox News MSFT News Apps Games Reviews Virtual Reality Help & How To Question & Answer Contests Shop Accessories Podcasts Videos Newsletter Contact us Tip Us On News Download our app! Android Central CrackBerry iMore Windows Central Tesla Central VR Heads MrMobile Modern Dad A worthy successor to the T460s See how the Lenovo ThinkPad T470s fares against competitors in our review A Beast Lenovo's new Legion Y920 is a monster gaming laptop with a price to match Budget laptops we love On a budget? You'll love these 4 affordable laptops Awesome and affordable gaming Lenovo's Legion Y520 delivers high-end gaming on a budget TrackPoint Nub luv A former cubicle jockey's awkward ode to the ThinkPad < > Surface Laptop Windows 10 Creators Update Best Laptops Best VPN Services Best Antivirus Surface Book Surface Pro 4 Lumia 950 XL Lumia 950 Windows 10 Tip us on News! Pre-order: Surface Laptop Splish Splash Lenovo adds a splash of color to its IdeaPad lineup with latest refresh By Dan Thorp-Lancaster Thursday, May 18, 2017 at 12:00 pm EDT 10 Comments Lenovo has introduced the latest refresh to its IdeaPad lineup, and it's full of color and a bit of style. The latest models include the high-end IdeaPad 720s, mid-range IdeaPad 320s, and budget IdeaPad 320. With its place at the top of the range, the IdeaPad 720s is likely to receive the most attention. Color options are a little less ambitious than its lower-specced cousins, with "Champagne Gold" and "Platinum Silver" being the only options. On the inside, you'll find NVIDIA GeForce 940MX graphics, up to 16GB of RAM and up to Intel's 7th-generation Core i7 processor. That's alongside a 14-inch FHD 1920x1080 display, precision touchpad, and option Windows Hello-enabled fingerprint reader. The IdeaPad 320 and 320s are where things start to get a little more colorful. The 320s is available in 14-inch and 15-inch versions, while the 320 comes in 15-inch and 17-inch varieties. Each has options for bright and poppy shells, like "Coral Red" and "Snow White" on the 320s, or "Denim Blue" and "Plum Purple" on the 320. Both can be equipped with up to Intel Core i7 processors. Here's a look at how the specs stack up between the three: Category IdeaPad 720S IdeaPad 320S IdeaPad 320 Display 14" FHD IPS (1920x1080) Non-Touch 14" or 15" FHD (1920x1080) IPS 15.6'' HD (1366x768), Optional Touch 17.3" HD+ (1600x900) non-touch OS Windows 10 Windows 10 Windows 10 Processor Up to 7th Gen Intel Core i7 Up to 7th Gen Intel Core i7 Up to 7th Gen Intel Core i7 Storage Up to 512GB PCIe 14": up to 256GB PCIe SSD 15.6": up to 512GB PCIe SSD, 1TB HDD Up to 2TB SATA HDD Memory Up to 16GB 8GB Up to 16GB Graphics NVIDIA GeForce 940MX 14": Integrated 15.6": NVIDIA GeForce 940MX Integrated Battery 4 Cell (56 Wh) 3 Cell (52 Wh) 2 Cell (30Wh) Weight 3.4 lbs. 14": 3.74 lbs 15.6": 4.18 lbs 15.6": 4.85 lbs 17.3": 6.17 lbs If a 2-in-1 is more your style, Lenovo is also announcing the Flex 5, which is available in both 14-inch (FHD) and 15-inch (UHD) varieties. As its name suggests, the Flex 5 features a 360-degree hinger that will let you go from a standard laptop setup to tent or tablet modes. Pen support is also on board, along with the option for NVIDIA GeForce 940MX graphics, up to 16GB of RAM and up to a 7th-gen Intel Core i7 processor. Lenovo says the new IdeaPad lineup will go on sale starting in June with prices starting at $969 for the 720S, $740 for the 320S, and $439 for the 320. As for the Flex 5, look for it to go on sale sometime before the end of May for $720. Reader comments Lenovo adds a splash of color to its IdeaPad lineup with latest refresh 10 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating five-one-three They need to make a 120 running Windows 10 S, i know a bunch of people that would love a secure and inexpensive Lenovo 2 1 day ago Reply Pappale Lenovo and security? haha http://thehackernews.com/2015/09/lenovo-laptop-virus.html -2 1 day ago Reply Steve Adams Just like Apple and security....same deal! 2 1 day ago Reply five-one-three Lets just once and for all dispel the notion that ANY company is really protecting your privacy 100% it is on YOU as a user to make sure that you are protected. 3 1 day ago Reply Ilovenutella THANK YOU! 0 1 day ago Reply Yangstax They should put W10S on all lineup models and let users to decide if they want to upgrade to W10Pro. 1 1 day ago Reply five-one-three Seriously, Windows 10 S should be the default for lower end devices. There are far too many people that dont need advanced functionality and constantly open themselves up to spyware/malware because they dont know enough about technology. Give them 90 days to upgrade from Windows 10 Pro out of the box and then after that $50. People that want Windows 10 Pro will take advantage of the free upgrade immediately and people whod rather have a more secure experience with better performance and battery life will stay with 10S. 0 1 day ago Reply Drael646464 Influence of the surface laptop, the choice to add colour?  0 1 day ago Reply Ilovenutella Duh. 0 22 hours ago Reply Dillan K I doubt it. The Surface Laptop was released too recently to influence the colour choices here.    Edit:  unless, of course, Microsoft spilled the beans early to fellow OEMs.  0 10 hours ago Reply 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2016 Mobile Nations • Terms and Conditions • Privacy Policy • Careers: Writer | Dev • Licensing • External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Redis Labs Hosts RedisConf 2017 Showcasing Webscale Adoption of Redis The marquee Redis conference showcases community leaders, large scale adopters and ecosystem partners of Redis MOUNTAIN VIEW, CA–(Marketwired – May 19, 2017) – Redis Labs, the home of Redis and provider of Redis Enterprise, today announced its updated agenda for RedisConf 2017, which includes keynotes from Google, Pivotal, Databricks, Honeycomb.io, Eventuate.io and Bain Capital Ventures. The creator of Redis, Salvatore Sanfilippo, will also keynote and conduct a hands-on training session. The conference will feature over 45 technical sessions across four tracks with speakers from leading companies in a wide array of industries. Some of the sessions are led by the following speakers: Brian Ip, Square Daniel Hochman, Lyft Hari Ramamurthy, The Home Depot Ioannis Papapanagiotou, Netflix Kevin Hoffman, Capital One Nenad Bogojevic, Amadeus Rashmi Ramesh, Twitter Inc. Robert Gay, Redfin Sean Perkins, Flickr/Yahoo! Thomas Hunter II, OpenTable RedisConf will take place at the Marriott Marquis in San Francisco from May 30 to June 1, 2017. The event is expected to attract more than a thousand attendees comprised of Redis experts, contributors, users and beginners. The conference, in its third year running, is supported by Amazon Web Services, Google, IBM, Intel, Mesosphere, Pivotal and Zettaset. „The ubiquity of Redis’ adoption is highlighted by the breadth of speaker and sponsor participation,” said Manish Gupta, CMO of Redis Labs. „RedisConf 2017 is going to be a memorable event for beginner and expert users of Redis alike. The day zero hands-on training and in-depth content across four tracks will enhance understanding of Redis by application developers and operations personnel regardless of domains or industries.” „With Redis’ new capabilities in graph data and full text search, it’s poised to advance from application-level caching use cases to true enterprise systems-of-record,” said Joshua McKenty, ‎Vice President, Global Ecosystem Engineering at Pivotal. „Coupled with a maturing integration with Pivotal Cloud Foundry, and more developer adoption than any other open source data service, should we be worried about emerging AI and the overthrow of the human race? To put it bluntly… is Redis turning into SkyNet?” „IBM made a visionary choice of integrating Redis Enterprise with IBM Power Systems, the platform for real-time transactional and analytic workloads,” said Terri Virnig, Vice President, Ecosystem and Strategy, Power Systems at IBM. „We are an enthusiastic sponsor of RedisConf 2017, as it showcases the power of the Redis community.” „Mesosphere runs on any datacenter or cloud, without fear of lock-in,” said Peter Guagenti, CMO of Mesosphere. „We are excited to support RedisConf 2017, and talk about how DC/OS and Redis Enterprise meet real-time data and application needs with simplicity and automation.” „Intel Optane is a revolutionary approach to flash memory technology and Redis perfectly showcases the leap forward it represents in terms of the new economics of in-memory computing,” said Frank Ober, Data Center Solution Architect of Intel. „We look forward to unveiling the potential of Redis Enterprise combined with Intel Optane at RedisConf 2017.” Redis is the world’s leading in-memory database platform. RedisConf is the largest gathering of Redis users and experts from around the globe focused on Redis deep dives, use case scenarios, implementation case studies, ecosystem facets, hands-on technical training, and demos. Attendees will have the opportunity to learn from keynotes and sessions focused on varied topics, including machine learning, IoT, analytics, personalization, streaming, metering, artificial intelligence and more. For the latest speaker announcements, event updates and session details, visit http://redisconf.com/. About Redis Labs Redis Labs, home of open source Redis, the world’s most popular in-memory database platform, provides Redis Enterprise (Redise), as a service in all major clouds, and as downloadable software. The high performance, true high availability and seamless scaling of Redise power e-commerce, social, personalization, IoT, metering, fraud detection and other real-time applications. Redis Labs is consistently ranked as a leader in top analyst reports on NoSQL, in-memory databases, operational databases, and database-as-a-service. Its Redis Enterprise platform has been adopted by over 7,000 enterprises, including many Fortune 100 listed US companies such as three of the top four communications, two of the top three healthcare, and five of the top seven technology companies. Redis has been rated the #1 cloud database, #1 database on Docker, #1 NoSQL datastore, and fastest growing NoSQL database in the top ten. Founded in 2011, Redis Labs is headquartered in Mountain View, Calif., with offices in Tel Aviv and London. For more information, visit RedisLabs.com or follow us at @RedisLabs. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Contrast Injector Market to Reach $636 Million by 2021 – Analysis by Product, Consumables & Application – Research and Markets Next PostNext Queens University Of Charlotte Launches New Online Master Of Health Administration Degree Search Recent Posts Global Low Harmonic Drives Market to Grow at a CAGR of 4.76% to 2021 Pantoprazole Sodium (CAS 138786-67-1) Professional Survey Report in Forecast to 2022 Health Tech Startup SAFKAN Wins $145,000 Grand Prize at Seattle Angel Conference XI Thom Ross “My Last Conversation with Albert Ball” New Paintings Protein For Fitness Offers Exercise Enthusiasts a One-Stop Reference for Reviews, News, and More Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Redis Labs May 19, 2017 04:58 ET Redis Labs Hosts RedisConf 2017 Showcasing Webscale Adoption of Redis The marquee Redis conference showcases community leaders, large scale adopters and ecosystem partners of Redis MOUNTAIN VIEW, CA--(Marketwired - May 19, 2017) - Redis Labs, the home of Redis and provider of Redis Enterprise, today announced its updated agenda for RedisConf 2017, which includes keynotes from Google, Pivotal, Databricks, Honeycomb.io, Eventuate.io and Bain Capital Ventures. The creator of Redis, Salvatore Sanfilippo, will also keynote and conduct a hands-on training session. The conference will feature over 45 technical sessions across four tracks with speakers from leading companies in a wide array of industries. Some of the sessions are led by the following speakers: Brian Ip, Square Daniel Hochman, Lyft Hari Ramamurthy, The Home Depot Ioannis Papapanagiotou, Netflix Kevin Hoffman, Capital One Nenad Bogojevic, Amadeus Rashmi Ramesh, Twitter Inc. Robert Gay, Redfin Sean Perkins, Flickr/Yahoo! Thomas Hunter II, OpenTable RedisConf will take place at the Marriott Marquis in San Francisco from May 30 to June 1, 2017. The event is expected to attract more than a thousand attendees comprised of Redis experts, contributors, users and beginners. The conference, in its third year running, is supported by Amazon Web Services, Google, IBM, Intel, Mesosphere, Pivotal and Zettaset. "The ubiquity of Redis' adoption is highlighted by the breadth of speaker and sponsor participation," said Manish Gupta, CMO of Redis Labs. "RedisConf 2017 is going to be a memorable event for beginner and expert users of Redis alike. The day zero hands-on training and in-depth content across four tracks will enhance understanding of Redis by application developers and operations personnel regardless of domains or industries." "With Redis' new capabilities in graph data and full text search, it's poised to advance from application-level caching use cases to true enterprise systems-of-record," said Joshua McKenty, ‎Vice President, Global Ecosystem Engineering at Pivotal. "Coupled with a maturing integration with Pivotal Cloud Foundry, and more developer adoption than any other open source data service, should we be worried about emerging AI and the overthrow of the human race? To put it bluntly... is Redis turning into SkyNet?" "IBM made a visionary choice of integrating Redis Enterprise with IBM Power Systems, the platform for real-time transactional and analytic workloads," said Terri Virnig, Vice President, Ecosystem and Strategy, Power Systems at IBM. "We are an enthusiastic sponsor of RedisConf 2017, as it showcases the power of the Redis community." "Mesosphere runs on any datacenter or cloud, without fear of lock-in," said Peter Guagenti, CMO of Mesosphere. "We are excited to support RedisConf 2017, and talk about how DC/OS and Redis Enterprise meet real-time data and application needs with simplicity and automation." "Intel Optane is a revolutionary approach to flash memory technology and Redis perfectly showcases the leap forward it represents in terms of the new economics of in-memory computing," said Frank Ober, Data Center Solution Architect of Intel. "We look forward to unveiling the potential of Redis Enterprise combined with Intel Optane at RedisConf 2017." Redis is the world's leading in-memory database platform. RedisConf is the largest gathering of Redis users and experts from around the globe focused on Redis deep dives, use case scenarios, implementation case studies, ecosystem facets, hands-on technical training, and demos. Attendees will have the opportunity to learn from keynotes and sessions focused on varied topics, including machine learning, IoT, analytics, personalization, streaming, metering, artificial intelligence and more. For the latest speaker announcements, event updates and session details, visit http://redisconf.com/. About Redis Labs Redis Labs, home of open source Redis, the world's most popular in-memory database platform, provides Redis Enterprise (Redise), as a service in all major clouds, and as downloadable software. The high performance, true high availability and seamless scaling of Redise power e-commerce, social, personalization, IoT, metering, fraud detection and other real-time applications. Redis Labs is consistently ranked as a leader in top analyst reports on NoSQL, in-memory databases, operational databases, and database-as-a-service. Its Redis Enterprise platform has been adopted by over 7,000 enterprises, including many Fortune 100 listed US companies such as three of the top four communications, two of the top three healthcare, and five of the top seven technology companies. Redis has been rated the #1 cloud database, #1 database on Docker, #1 NoSQL datastore, and fastest growing NoSQL database in the top ten. Founded in 2011, Redis Labs is headquartered in Mountain View, Calif., with offices in Tel Aviv and London. For more information, visit RedisLabs.com or follow us at @RedisLabs. Contact Information Media Contacts: Melissa Roxas Inner Circle Labs for Redis Labs Email Contact (415) 684-9401 Sharon Thompson Redis Labs Email Contact (650) 483-7506 Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Redis Labs From this industry Computers and Software From this sub-industry Big Data Hardware Internet Software Peripherals Security Networking See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
CPUs GRAPHICS MOTHERBOARDS CASES & POWER STORAGE MOBILE GAMING FORUMS JOBS MORE... NEWS BREADBOX PODCASTS BLOGS SYSTEMS MULTIMEDIA MISCELLANY ARCHIVE ABOUT US Customize The Tech Report... Apply Cancel Log in | Register Most commented stories • Ryzen Threadripper CPUs will offer 16 cores and 32 threads [126] • Rumor: speedier Vega chip with 16GB of RAM hits CompuBench [77] • Windows 10 on ARM could run x86 apps seamlessly at native speed [46] • Ryzen Mobile APUs are coming to a laptop near you [44] Hot forum threads • SFF Zen 8c/16t system. • What cases and PSUs are you guys using? • 3D printers • PS4 Future Optane DIMMs and companion CPUs will arrive in 2018 by Jeff Kampman  9:00 AM on May 18, 2017 Intel's Optane Memory tech showcases what 3D Xpoint memory can do on a limited scale, but the potential for Optane extends well beyond hard-drive acceleration. Intel began shipping Optane DIMMs to partners for testing early this year, and yesterday the company committed to delivering Optane DIMMs as a product called "Intel persistent memory" alongside a refresh of its Xeon Processor Scalable family called Cascade Lake. Both the persistent memory product and Cascade Lake CPUs will arrive sometime in 2018. An Optane DIMM. Source: Intel Intel says that Optane DIMMs will upend the traditional "small, volatile, and expensive" view of system memory by providing a much denser and persistent way of putting data close to the processor, all at lower prices than DRAM. The company showed off these potential benefits at the SAP Sapphire conference by running the ERP giant's HANA analytics tool on a pool of Optane DIMMs. Intel says that for in-memory database apps like HANA, these DIMMs will be a no-brainer for improving performance because of the much larger data sets they'll put closer to CPUs. Without a doubt, Intel Optane DIMMs have the potential to reshape how we think about computer architecture in general. That said, questions about whether 3D Xpoint is ready to endure memory-like workloads have dogged the technology since its commercial introduction earlier this year. Presumably, Intel is taking time to improve the fundamental characteristics of the medium before it begins large-scale deployment of the tech in a DIMM form factor. Still, the fact that Optane DIMMs are up and running is a promising sign for Intel's convergent vision of DRAM and persistent storage. Tags: CPUs Storage Memory Log in | Register Tip: You can use the A/Z keys to walk threads. View options x Subscriber options: E-mail me when people reply to my comments Comment sorting order: Threaded, dynamic (default)New replies push comment threads to the top. Threaded, chronologicalComment threads started first appear at the top. Threaded, reverse-chronologicalComment threads started last appear at the top. Flat, chronologicalNo threading. Oldest comments shown first, bulletin-board style. Flat, reverse-chronologicalNo threading. Newest comments shown first. Processing... Saved! Loading... Support TR! Subscribe now. Read TR's System Guide powered by Newegg LATEST STUFF Lian-Li PC-O12WX puts graphics cards under glass 4 Asus B250I Gaming brings ROG Strix bling at a lower price 1 Lenovo Legion Y920 is a mobile gaming beast 12 Radeon 17.5.2 drivers boost Prey performance 5 Deals of the week: nice mobos, cheap RAM, and more 6 Synaptics shows how some fingerprint sensors can't be trusted 8 Amazon lights up new Fire tablets 8 WD Red drives will let you add storage 10TB at a time 35 No Dirty Dishes Day Shortbread 16 More stuff » TOP COMMENTS RephRayne Pool cleaners. Or possibly Lifeguards. +46 Chrispy_ You know what name was good? Zen. +44 Redocbew Feedback: Attempted to reproduce issue by tossing a random sample of people in t... +34 Kretschmer I recently built around a 7700K and 1080Ti with no regrets. Stable platforms, gu... +25 NEW GALLERY ITEMS More pictures » Copyright ©1999-2017 The Tech Report. All rights reserved. About us | Privacy policy | Mailing list | Mobile
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Redis Labs May 19, 2017 04:58 ET Redis Labs Hosts RedisConf 2017 Showcasing Webscale Adoption of Redis The marquee Redis conference showcases community leaders, large scale adopters and ecosystem partners of Redis MOUNTAIN VIEW, CA--(Marketwired - May 19, 2017) - Redis Labs, the home of Redis and provider of Redis Enterprise, today announced its updated agenda for RedisConf 2017, which includes keynotes from Google, Pivotal, Databricks, Honeycomb.io, Eventuate.io and Bain Capital Ventures. The creator of Redis, Salvatore Sanfilippo, will also keynote and conduct a hands-on training session. The conference will feature over 45 technical sessions across four tracks with speakers from leading companies in a wide array of industries. Some of the sessions are led by the following speakers: Brian Ip, Square Daniel Hochman, Lyft Hari Ramamurthy, The Home Depot Ioannis Papapanagiotou, Netflix Kevin Hoffman, Capital One Nenad Bogojevic, Amadeus Rashmi Ramesh, Twitter Inc. Robert Gay, Redfin Sean Perkins, Flickr/Yahoo! Thomas Hunter II, OpenTable RedisConf will take place at the Marriott Marquis in San Francisco from May 30 to June 1, 2017. The event is expected to attract more than a thousand attendees comprised of Redis experts, contributors, users and beginners. The conference, in its third year running, is supported by Amazon Web Services, Google, IBM, Intel, Mesosphere, Pivotal and Zettaset. "The ubiquity of Redis' adoption is highlighted by the breadth of speaker and sponsor participation," said Manish Gupta, CMO of Redis Labs. "RedisConf 2017 is going to be a memorable event for beginner and expert users of Redis alike. The day zero hands-on training and in-depth content across four tracks will enhance understanding of Redis by application developers and operations personnel regardless of domains or industries." "With Redis' new capabilities in graph data and full text search, it's poised to advance from application-level caching use cases to true enterprise systems-of-record," said Joshua McKenty, ‎Vice President, Global Ecosystem Engineering at Pivotal. "Coupled with a maturing integration with Pivotal Cloud Foundry, and more developer adoption than any other open source data service, should we be worried about emerging AI and the overthrow of the human race? To put it bluntly... is Redis turning into SkyNet?" "IBM made a visionary choice of integrating Redis Enterprise with IBM Power Systems, the platform for real-time transactional and analytic workloads," said Terri Virnig, Vice President, Ecosystem and Strategy, Power Systems at IBM. "We are an enthusiastic sponsor of RedisConf 2017, as it showcases the power of the Redis community." "Mesosphere runs on any datacenter or cloud, without fear of lock-in," said Peter Guagenti, CMO of Mesosphere. "We are excited to support RedisConf 2017, and talk about how DC/OS and Redis Enterprise meet real-time data and application needs with simplicity and automation." "Intel Optane is a revolutionary approach to flash memory technology and Redis perfectly showcases the leap forward it represents in terms of the new economics of in-memory computing," said Frank Ober, Data Center Solution Architect of Intel. "We look forward to unveiling the potential of Redis Enterprise combined with Intel Optane at RedisConf 2017." Redis is the world's leading in-memory database platform. RedisConf is the largest gathering of Redis users and experts from around the globe focused on Redis deep dives, use case scenarios, implementation case studies, ecosystem facets, hands-on technical training, and demos. Attendees will have the opportunity to learn from keynotes and sessions focused on varied topics, including machine learning, IoT, analytics, personalization, streaming, metering, artificial intelligence and more. For the latest speaker announcements, event updates and session details, visit http://redisconf.com/. About Redis Labs Redis Labs, home of open source Redis, the world's most popular in-memory database platform, provides Redis Enterprise (Redise), as a service in all major clouds, and as downloadable software. The high performance, true high availability and seamless scaling of Redise power e-commerce, social, personalization, IoT, metering, fraud detection and other real-time applications. Redis Labs is consistently ranked as a leader in top analyst reports on NoSQL, in-memory databases, operational databases, and database-as-a-service. Its Redis Enterprise platform has been adopted by over 7,000 enterprises, including many Fortune 100 listed US companies such as three of the top four communications, two of the top three healthcare, and five of the top seven technology companies. Redis has been rated the #1 cloud database, #1 database on Docker, #1 NoSQL datastore, and fastest growing NoSQL database in the top ten. Founded in 2011, Redis Labs is headquartered in Mountain View, Calif., with offices in Tel Aviv and London. For more information, visit RedisLabs.com or follow us at @RedisLabs. Contact Information Media Contacts: Melissa Roxas Inner Circle Labs for Redis Labs Email Contact (415) 684-9401 Sharon Thompson Redis Labs Email Contact (650) 483-7506 Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Redis Labs From this industry Computers and Software From this sub-industry Big Data Hardware Internet Software Peripherals Security Networking See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
| | | Log In using Facebook | Log In | Cart | Store Home Social Media Mobile Health PR & Marketing Physicians Pharma HIPAA Events Training Awards Advanced Search » Submit News Related Articles Related Articles By Category Branding PR & Marketing 24 great B2B and B2C brand journalism sites Want to find impressive game explosions? Curious about what IT skills offer opportunities for Jordanian women? Organizations’ news sites offer big journalism-style reporting. By Russell Working | Posted: May 19, 2017 DataSource: The requested DataSource 5f4ce871-9abc-4ec7-89fd-43fb6c737f57 is not accessible. 0 Tweet Advocate Heath Care is asking whether breastfed babies are smarter. Semiconductor chip maker Intel has insights on the top five most impressive game explosions. Power drink maker Red Bull wants you to know about three generations of a high-flying family and its “skytyping” business. All three are examples of a trend that has accelerated in the past six years: brand journalism sites. Recently, I was asked for stellar examples. After hitting up several experts, I offer the list below. Why practice brand journalism? Ragan Communications chief executive Mark Ragan, a former national political reporter and an early advocate of brand journalism, offers his philosophy: Stop begging the media, and become the media yourself. “Newsrooms have been decimated,” Ragan says. “If you want your company's story told, you'd better write it or shoot it yourself. “But brand journalism works only if your story is credible, is helpful to the reader and eschews all corporate-speak and jargon. If the story is self-serving or it is designed to sell, it's not brand journalism. It's marketing.” (Ragan heads Ragan Consulting Group, which works with businesses to establish brand journalism sites.) From videos to white papers David Meerman Scott , another early advocate, defines brand journalism as the creation of web content—videos, blog posts, photos, charts, graphs, essays, e-books, white papers—that deliver value to the marketplace and position organizations as worthy of doing business with. “Brand journalism is not a product pitch,” he says. “It is not an advertorial. It is not an egotistical spewing of gobbledygook-laden corporate drivel.” He adds that those with the traditional skills of marketing, public relations, advertising and copywriting are not the right people to create brand journalism content. “Instead, you need the skills of a journalist,” he says. [EVENT: Business Writing Summit] Here are the sites we came up with: B2B brand journalism The good news, for a B2B company, is that you needn’t sit out this trend as flashy B2C companies like Red Bull hog the limelight. Consider the following. Cisco Systems, the networking hardware company, covers everything from innovative technology hitting the theater stage to IT that skills offer opportunities for Jordanian women. American Express’ OPEN Forum started out as a forum for small businesses, but it has grown into a leading brand journalism site. And just how is virtual reality going to shape the future of consumer experiences?  IQ by Intel, in showcasing technology, offers not only the explosions article, but one on athletes and fans preparing for an e-sports competition Down Under. Adobe’s CMO will fill you in about everything from artificial intelligence to the U.S. Census Bureau, all in an effort to interest potential customers in the marketing department. Guys, HSBC Global Connections (and your female colleagues) think it’s high time you figured out “What Women Want—And What Businesses Need To Know.” GE has experimented with polished Facebook Live-casts tied to the Rio Olympics and “drome week.” If you’ve ever wondered how pilots rescue people from an avalanche in the Italian Alps, here’s where to go. UPS’ Longitudes has hosted series on trade and offers a piece titled, “3D Printing—Evolution Rather than Revolution.” Boeing has provided a wealth of stories and videos for aviation fans. A Veterans Day feature might sound internal: “Corps Education: Employees share how lessons learned during military service have helped them at Boeing.” Because the aerospace company’s customers include the Pentagon and many veterans in the airlines industry, it made sense as an outward-facing story, as well. Speaking of the Pentagon, Scott recommends the U.S. military’s Armed with Science site. Where else could you find out how the military is capturing sunlight at Nellis Air Force Base? B2C brand journalism Although giant consumer brands such as Coca-Cola were pathfinders in this area, many hospitals have joined the stampede as they find the public is eager for news about health care and healthy living. Coca-Cola Journey fills us in on testing augmented reality for bottling equipment maintenance. It’s also a good place to go if you want to see how a 125-year-old company digs into its archives for interesting story ideas. (Just who was Dr. Joseph Jacobs?) The Red Bulletin stays true to its adventure-seeking theme, because after all, don’t we all feel like diving with killer whales in Norway after guzzling a sports drink? Walmart Today, which has been highlighting a major U.S. manufacturing initiative, reports on a Polish candle-making company (and Walmart supplier) that put one of its factories in the United States. Advocate’s health enews offers good-living advice from doctors, nutritionists and other experts. Advocate isn’t the only hospital in this arena. Cleveland Clinic is the granddaddy in the field, andCape Cod Health and Health Beat at Spectrum Health provide similar information in their markets. Among other things, Cape Code will tell you what to do if your child is a picky eater. (Ragan consulted on Advocate, Spectrum and Cape Cod Health’s sites.) The Cleveland Metropolitan School District has also jumped in on the trend, with stories such as the one on a senior who won a $40,000 scholarship in a “Stop the Hate” contest. Alberta Energy Regulator’s reSource—like Denver Water's Tap, Duke Energy’s Illumination and Omaha Public Power District's The Wire—proves that utilities can get in on the game. (Ragan also provided consulting or training for these companies.) JLL, a professional services and investment management company, shows how companies needn’t be constricted by a limited definition of what interests their clientele. The latest issue reports onthe surge in skyscraper hotels and how India is making cites safe for women. The site earned coverage in The Wall Street Journal. Universities are getting in on the act, too. Metropolitan State University Denver has a new brand journalism site that tells about teaming up with the IRS’ Criminal Investigative Unit (also a Ragan client). An international consortium of universities offers scientific research in a journalism format at Futurity, where you can find out what mice and rats can teach us about anorexia. Upset that we left something out? No need to release underfed lab rats in our Chicago office or skywrite your disappointment over Lake Michigan. Just add your favorites to the comments. Tweet 0 Popularity: This record has been viewed 196 times. Healthcarecommunication.com moderates comments and reserves the right to remove posts that are abusive or otherwise inappropriate. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Home | Social Media | Mobile Health | PR & Marketing | Physicians | Pharma | HIPAA | Events | Training | Awards | Videos Ragan.com | PRDaily.com | PRDaily.eu | HRCommunication.com About Us | Contributors | Contact Us | FAQ | RSS | Store | Privacy Policy | Site Map Copyright Ragan Communications, Inc. Loading...
Sign in or Register   PCs & Laptops Value Desktops High End Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-one Desktops Value Laptops High End Laptops Gaming Laptops Ultraportable Laptops Misc PCs & Laptops Dell Store   Peripherals Monitors Printers Storage Keyboards & Mice Misc Peripherals Networking   Handhelds Budget Smartphones High-End Smartphones Tablets eReaders Wearables Misc Handhelds   Software Security Operating Systems Backup Office Suite Web Development Audio Video Photo Apps Misc Software   Components CPUs Motherboards Graphics Cards Storage Cases Power Supply Units Misc Components   Gadgets Photography & Video Home Theatre GPS Audio Virtual/Augmented reality Misc Gadgets     Hyper PixelCast   Forums Back Issues Search News • Reviews • Features • Galleries • A-List • Group Tests • Downloads • How To • Buy • Software Store Mobile Plans Broadband Plans Atomic Forums Upgrade Australia Home  »  Handhelds  »  Tablets  »  Review Review: Toshiba Portégé X20 PRT13A-05S002 convertible laptop by  Bennett Ring  |  Friday 19 May 2017  | Comment Now Rating Overall: 55 It might not be flashy or pretty, but this is a machine for professionals who want to get the job done. Supplier Toshiba www.toshiba.com.au Price $2915 AUD > Pricing info Specs Intel Core i7-7600U (twin core, HyperThreaded, 3.9GHz Boost Speed) • 16GB memory • 12.5-inch HD touchscreen • Wacom ‘Feel’ Stylus • 802.11ac • twin IR cameras for Windows Hello support Tweet Email this Print this Feedback Business at the front and back. Don’t let the diminutive, simple lines of the latest Portégé fool you – this is a lion in a business suit. It mightn’t have the laser cut lines of fashionable convertibles, or a glossy aluminium chassis, but hiding beneath that simple black exterior is a laptop that will get the job done quickly and efficiently. The 12.5-inch display makes this even smaller than most ultraportable convertibles, helping to keep its weight down to a mere 1.1kg for the base model. At this price point the HD resolution is a little hard to swallow, with competitors offering up 4K screens for just a few hundred dollars more, but Toshiba has focused on performance first and foremost. Besides, with the panel being so small, it’s still superbly clear, and the matte finish makes it usable in even the brightest conditions. Despite the tiny size, it’s a little chunkier than the competition, measuring 15.4mm at its deepest, but thanks to the low weight you won’t notice carrying this around all day. A simple twin-hinge mechanism allows the screen to flip through the full 360 degrees, and it’s surprisingly resilient to the bounce-back factor when using the touch-screen.  Considering the slightly thicker dimensions, we were a little surprised at the lack of I/O options. A single USB 3.1 Type C port is on the left, with another USB 3.0 Type A on the right. Thankfully Toshiba also includes a Type C docking port, which brings HDMI, another USB Type C and USB Type A connection to the single Type C port integrated into the laptop. It’s great to see that the Type C port is also fully Thunderbolt 3 compatible, delivering a whopping 40Gbps of bandwidth. Toshiba has turned to stylus professionals Wacom to deliver the Wacom ‘Feel’ technology pen, which can detect up to 2,048 differing levels of pressure, perfect for tablet sketches and quick mock-ups. Twin IR cameras deliver accurate facial recognition via Windows Hello sign-in feature, and is one of the more secure methods of biometric security currently available. The keyboard is a little small, a trade-off given the chassis’ small size, but at least it’s backlit and there’s plenty of separation between each key.  Taking a look at the PCMark 8 Home Accelerated score shows that underneath the keyboard lies some serious hardware. Our review sample came with Intel’s latest Core i7 7600U CPU. It may only be a twin-core model, but the Boost speed of 3.9GHz is industry-leading, without sapping battery life. Our battery result of 262 minutes is excellent, showing this laptop should easily handle 9 to 5 duties unless you’re being excessively demanding. HyperThreading is also included to allow for up to four threads of instructions at a time. The CPU has been combined with 16GB of memory, so it’s no wonder this machine performed so well in our tests, taking out the second top spot after the much larger, heavier Metabox gaming machine.  In terms of storage, Toshiba has gone for a Samsung 512GB M.2 drive in our sample, but that’s as big as you can get – there’s no option for a 1TB version. Integrated 802.11ac WiFi via a 2x2 transmitter/receiver delivers excellent wireless performance, though there’s no Ethernet backup if you find yourself stuck in cable-town.  It might not be flashy or pretty, but this is a machine for professionals who want to get the job done. With impressive performance and battery life, not to mention the incredibly light weight, it’s the perfect convertible for those who don’t mind a slightly smaller form-factor. Throw in Toshiba’s excellent support for businesses thanks to its comprehensive office-focused software, and it’s the perfect contender for an office convertible that does the job ably and swiftly.  Related Reviews Review: Acer Spin 7 convertible laptop Review: Dell Latitude 13 7370 Review: Dell XPS 13 2-in-1 hybrid Review: Asus Transformer Book Flip TP200SA Review: Dell XPS 13 2-in-1 Source: Copyright © PC & Tech Authority. All rights reserved. See more about:  convertible  |  laptop  |  prt13a05s002  |  review  |  toshiba port233g233  |  ultraportable  |  x20   Tweet Email this Print this Feedback   NOTE: You must be a registered member of PC & Tech Authority to post a comment. Click here to login | Click here to register More in Tablets (1 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Toshiba Portégé X20 PRT13A-05S002 convertible laptop << Prev Next >> View all Tablets articles >> More in Tablets (2 of 10 articles) NEWS Apple's WWDC big announcement could be a new iPad Pro << Prev Next >> View all Tablets articles >> More in Tablets (3 of 10 articles) NEWS Microsoft might reveal Surface Pro 5 at 23 May Shanghai event << Prev Next >> View all Tablets articles >> More in Tablets (4 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Lenovo Miix 510 << Prev Next >> View all Tablets articles >> More in Tablets (5 of 10 articles) FEATURE Hands-on Preview: Acer Switch 5 << Prev Next >> View all Tablets articles >> More in Tablets (6 of 10 articles) NEWS Apple fixes iOS 10 beta problems, but could kill support << Prev Next >> View all Tablets articles >> More in Tablets (7 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Dell XPS 13 2-in-1 hybrid << Prev Next >> View all Tablets articles >> More in Tablets (8 of 10 articles) NEWS Microsoft tops Apple in tablet satisfaction survey << Prev Next >> View all Tablets articles >> More in Tablets (9 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Apple iPad (2017) << Prev Next >> View all Tablets articles >> More in Tablets (10 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Dell XPS 13 2-in-1 << Prev Next >> View all Tablets articles >> Most Read Most Discussed Powered by Disqus Latest Comments Powered by Disqus Latest Competitions   WIN!!! A D-Link Omna security cam! Watch your home from anywhere!   Latest in Tablets News Apple's WWDC big announcement could be a new iPad Pro Review Review: Toshiba Portégé X20 PRT13A-05S002 convertible laptop Feature Hands-on Preview: Acer Switch 5 Group Test Microsoft UMPC devices Gallery Unboxed: Microsoft's Surface Pro 2 A-list Product Apple iPad Pro 9.7in From our Partners     See more offers from the PC & Tech Authority Software Store     Sponsored Links Most popular tech stories 7 accounting packages for Australian small businesses compared: including MYOB, QuickBooks Online, Reckon, Xero Ransomware defence guide How long will a UPS keep your computers on if the lights go out? Ransomware survival guide 6 cloud accounting systems for Australian small businesses compared: MYOB, QuickBooks, Reckon, Saasu, Sage and Xero Data#3 parties with vendors, customers for 40th birthday Australian Veeam partners, customers spotted in New Orleans Dell Technologies sets aside $554 million for terminations Amaysim and Ovo Mobile debut 70GB data-only mobile plans Ricoh Australia lets go of general managers of leasing, marketing and service in major reshuffle WannaCrypt ransomware: what you need to know Immigration reveals massive ten-year IT shake-up Microsoft releases WannaCrypt patch for Windows XP, Server 2003 Telstra admits thousands of NBN users were shafted on speeds NBN, Vodafone contractor goes under owing millions 10 advanced tips for Rainbow Six Siege 20 key tips for succeeding at Rainbow Six Siege Prey is an addictive modern-day masterpiece 18 pro tips from the Rainbow Six Siege world cup Hunter and the hunted: Prey launch images About Us  |  Sitemap  |  Newsletter Archive  |  A-List  |  Advice  |  Top 10  |  Mobile Site  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Newsletters  |  Contact Us Atomic MPC  |  BIT  |  CRN Australia  |  iTnews  |  PC PowerPlay  |  SC Magazine Copyright © 2017 nextmedia Pty Ltd. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorisation. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of nextmedia's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Login to PC & Tech Authority Username: * Username required Password: * Password required Remember me  |  Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Register now! To request a new password, please enter the email address linked to your PC & Tech Authority account and we'll send one to you. Email: * Email required * Invalid Email address * Invalid Email address Click here to return to Login Form Become part of PC & Tech Authority Join our site to get stuck in with comments and discussions with other passionate readers and tech fans, and stay up to date with the latest news and reviews through our range of newsletters. Email* * Email address required * Invalid Email address I have read and accept the privacy policy and terms and conditions and by submitting my email address I agree to receive the PC & Tech Authority daily newsletter and receive special offers on behalf of PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia and its valued partners. We will not share your details with third parties. 1) Login Details First Name* * First name req'd Last Name* * Last name req'd Username* * Username required Password* * Password required Confirm Password* * Password confirmation required * Passwords don't match! 2) About You Country* -- Select a Country -- Australia Afghanistan Albania Åland Islands Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Virgin Islands British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Côte d'Ivoire Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon French Southern Territories Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guam Guernsey Guinea Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Hong Kong Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Israel Isle of Man Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Jersey Korea Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Palestinian Territory, Occupied Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Qatar Puerto Rico Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Barthélemy Saint Lucia Saint Kitts & Nevis Saint Martin Saint Pierre & Miquelon Saint Vincent & the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands Soviet Union Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Timor-Leste Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay United States Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Yemen Western Sahara Zambia Zimbabwe World Asia Indochina Europe England Scotland Middle East Asia-Pacific Global Asean * Country req'd State* -- Select -- NSW QLD VIC SA WA ACT NT TAS * State req'd Post Code* * Post Code req'd Birth Year* -- Select -- 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 * Birth year required Employment Role* -- Select Role -- IT Business Owner IT Executive IT Professional IT Entry-level IT Sales Non IT Business Owner Non IT Executive Non IT Professional Non IT Entry-Level Non IT Sales Other If 'Other', enter below: * Role required Company Size* -- Select Size -- 1 - 9 10 - 49 50 - 99 100 - 249 250 - 499 500 - 999 1000 - 2499 2500+ * Company Size required I only want to subscribe to the Daily newsletter I'd also like to subscribe to: Weekly newsletter Atomic, Hyper and Gaming newsletter Gadgets and Stuff newsletter Downloads newsletter Already have an account? Log in here. Processing registration... Please wait. This process can take up to a minute to complete. Please check your email A confirmation email has been sent to your email address - SUPPLIED EMAIL HERE. Please click on the link in the email to verify your email address. You need to verify your email before you can start posting. If you do not receive your confirmation email within the next few minutes, it may be because the email has been captured by a junk mail filter. Please ensure you add the domain @pcauthority.com.au to your white-listed senders. Click here to close this message Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars PC GAMING PC Gaming Weekly: Sega’s resurgence isn’t happening on consoles Jason Wilson@jason_wilson May 18, 2017 8:47 PM Above: Vanquish wants to slide into your Steam library. Image Credit: Sega/Platinum Games Sega made its name with its slogan for the beloved console: Genesis does what Nintendon’t. This still applies today, as the Japanese publisher has transformed from a console focus to a PC gaming-first company. And the results have been a positive for those who love playing games on the PC, especially when it comes to action and strategy games (such as Alien: Isolation from Creative Assembly or Company of Heroes). And now, Sega says it plans to focus even more on the PC than it has ever before. We’ve seen this with its past announcements on Bayonetta and Vanquish, a pair of properties that are cult favorites for the console crowd. Sega also signaled this with last year’s acquisition of Amplitude Studios, the makers of the Endless series of strategy games. But now the Japanese publisher is saying that it wants to dig into its massive collection of old IPs to see what could adapt to the modern era. We looked at five franchises that could make a comeback with this renewed focus on the PC sector. The strength of PC gaming these days is exciting, but there’s another component here at play as well. As more people in the developing world look beyond their smartphones for games, they aren’t going to the PlayStation 4 or the Xbox One. They’re going PC. And Sega plans to go with them. For PC gaming coverage, send news tips to Jeff Grubb and guest post submissions to Rowan Kaiser. Please be sure to visit our PC Gaming Channel. —Jason Wilson, GamesBeat managing editor P.S. Expeditions: Vikings is the rare game where failure is a path for advancement. From GamesBeat RuneScape maker Jagex and Improbable partner to create massive open world games Just a few days after raising $502 million from SoftBank, Improbable has announced an alliance to develop big online game worlds with Jagex, the maker of fantasy role-playing online game RuneScape. Jagex will use Improbable’s SpatialOS, an operating system built for the era of cloud computing and big data, for future development projects. London-based Improbable […] Expeditions: Viking makes choice matter through failure After spending my life playing games where failure is never an option, it is difficult to adjust to a game where it is a viable way of progressing. Expeditions: Viking is that game, and it’s available now for $30 on Steam from the Logic Artists studio. It’s a new tactical turn-based role-playing adventure set in a world […] Gaming the system: Why the military embraced game-based learning and the classroom has not Deanna Terzian has been working in education for three decades. But at our recent GamesBeat Summit 2017 event, the president of educational gaming company CurriculaWorks was able to sum up one of her big lessons in five minutes. Terzian spoke in a “lightning round” talk about “Gaming the system: Why the military embraced game-based learning […] Intel and AMD reportedly have powerful new multicore CPUs coming I think it was The Pixies that said “If man is an i5, then God is an i7.” Or something like that. I’m not great with lyrics. Regardless, Intel is allegedly preparing to show us what i9 is and AMD will have a competitor of its own. Intel is preparing to reveal a new line of […] Sega wants to revitalize its ‘dormant IPs’ while focusing more on PC games For the first time in many years, Sega seems like it has a strong vision for how it wants to approach game industry. And it is now openly explaining what that vision means. In a presentation to investors, Sega revealed its “Road to 2020” mission statement. The company detailed a future where it revitalizes dormant […] Dreadnought’s lead producer breaks down big ships and the evolution of online payment models The idea behind Dreadnought is something I’ve wanted in video games since I spent my mornings watching Star Blazers before rushing off to elementary school — big spaceships with big guns blasting one another to smithereens. Seems I’m not the only one. Mike Barr used to watch it after school (note: Star Blazers is the […] Beyond GamesBeat Surviving Mars turns catastrophe into inspiration as humanity claws for the stars Not necessarily educational, but inspirational. That’s the thin line Tropico dev Haemimont Games is aiming for with its newly announced city builder Surviving Mars. Or “colony builder,” really. It’s a game about surviving on Mars, if you can believe it. Tooth-and-nail survival, fighting against a planet that’s indifferent to our arrival. This is no SimCity or Cities: Skylines. You’re not laying down miles of asphalt, zoning blocks for homes and businesses and industry and watching a population magically spring up overnight. Nor is it Tropico, with its comical dictator and his near-infinite powers. (via PC World) The Scopes in ‘Battlegrounds’ Are the Best Power Ups in Years We don’t talk about “power ups” in games much, anymore. Instead, we talk about upgrades, consumables, and buffs. Maybe that’s because “power ups” recalls something more cartoonish: a glowing orb that turns your character into a werewolf; a floating bullet icon that doubles the rate of your bright, orange fighter jet’s machine gun fire; a pill that lets you eat ghosts. (via Waypoint) The Surge review In a 2017 that’s been overflowing with excellent games, The Surge may be the single biggest surprise so far. A follow-up to developer Deck13’s 2014 game Lords of the Fallen, The Surge builds on that game’s fairly successful cloning of the Dark Souls formula. Like FromSoftware’s popular series, The Surge is an extremely challenging third-person melee-focused action role-playing game. (via Polygon) WoW guild Serenity quits raiding after members defect to rivals Method One of WoW’s top raiding guilds is no more. Following consistent rumours about their raiding roster, Serenity have finally decided to close up shop after four of their core raiders defected to their rival, Method. (PC GamesN) Subscribe to PC Gaming Weekly  and receive this newsletter every Thursday VentureBeat's PC Gaming channel is presented by the Intel® Game Dev program. Stay informed about the latest game dev tools and tips. Get the news you can use. VB Recommendations Ford adds Android Auto and Apple CarPlay to cars using over-the-air updates You no longer have to register your drone How one entrepreneur is building bridges to help spur American innovation
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global 3D NAND Flash Memory Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 New York, NY — (SBWIRE) — 05/18/2017 — Global 3D NAND Flash Memory Industry Latest Report on 3D NAND Flash Memory Market Global Analysis & 2022 Forecast Research Study Global 3D NAND Flash Memory market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including Intel Micron Samsung Toshiba SanDisk … Try Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1285256-global-3d-nand-flash-memory-market-research-report-2017 Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of 3D NAND Flash Memory in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering United States EU China Japan South Korea Taiwan On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Single-Level Cell (SLC) Multi-Level Cell (MLC) Triple-Level Cell (TLC) On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of 3D NAND Flash Memory for each application, including Consumer electronics Industrial Medical Automotive Other If you have any enquiry before buying a copy of this report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1285256-global-3d-nand-flash-memory-market-research-report-2017 Some Major Points from Table of content: Global 3D NAND Flash Memory Market Research Report 2017 1 3D NAND Flash Memory Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of 3D NAND Flash Memory 1.2 3D NAND Flash Memory Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global 3D NAND Flash Memory Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global 3D NAND Flash Memory Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Single-Level Cell (SLC) 1.2.4 Multi-Level Cell (MLC) 1.2.5 Triple-Level Cell (TLC) 1.3 Global 3D NAND Flash Memory Segment by Application 1.3.1 3D NAND Flash Memory Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Consumer electronics 1.3.3 Industrial 1.3.4 Medical 1.3.5 Automotive 1.3.6 Other 1.4 Global 3D NAND Flash Memory Market by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global 3D NAND Flash Memory Market Size (Value) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 United States Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 EU Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 South Korea Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 Taiwan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of 3D NAND Flash Memory (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global 3D NAND Flash Memory Revenue Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global 3D NAND Flash Memory Capacity, Production Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 2 Global 3D NAND Flash Memory Market Competition by Manufacturers 2.1 Global 3D NAND Flash Memory Capacity, Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.1 Global 3D NAND Flash Memory Capacity and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.2 Global 3D NAND Flash Memory Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.2 Global 3D NAND Flash Memory Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.3 Global 3D NAND Flash Memory Average Price by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.4 Manufacturers 3D NAND Flash Memory Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area and Product Type 2.5 3D NAND Flash Memory Market Competitive Situation and Trends 2.5.1 3D NAND Flash Memory Market Concentration Rate 2.5.2 3D NAND Flash Memory Market Share of Top 3 and Top 5 Manufacturers 2.5.3 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion For Detailed Reading Please visit WiseGuy Reports @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1285256-global-3d-nand-flash-memory-market-research-report-2017 3 Global 3D NAND Flash Memory Capacity, Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2012-2017) 3.1 Global 3D NAND Flash Memory Capacity and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.2 Global 3D NAND Flash Memory Production and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.3 Global 3D NAND Flash Memory Revenue (Value) and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.4 Global 3D NAND Flash Memory Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.5 United States 3D NAND Flash Memory Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.6 EU 3D NAND Flash Memory Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.7 China 3D NAND Flash Memory Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.8 Japan 3D NAND Flash Memory Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.9 South Korea 3D NAND Flash Memory Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.10 Taiwan 3D NAND Flash Memory Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 4 Global 3D NAND Flash Memory Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Region (2012-2017) 4.1 Global 3D NAND Flash Memory Consumption by Region (2012-2017) 4.2 United States 3D NAND Flash Memory Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.3 EU 3D NAND Flash Memory Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.4 China 3D NAND Flash Memory Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.5 Japan 3D NAND Flash Memory Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.6 South Korea 3D NAND Flash Memory Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.7 Taiwan 3D NAND Flash Memory Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 5 Global 3D NAND Flash Memory Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type 5.1 Global 3D NAND Flash Memory Production and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 5.2 Global 3D NAND Flash Memory Revenue and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 5.3 Global 3D NAND Flash Memory Price by Type (2012-2017) 5.4 Global 3D NAND Flash Memory Production Growth by Type (2012-2017) Continued….. For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com AboutWise Guy Reports Wise Guy Reports is part of the Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. and offers premium progressive statistical surveying, market research reports, analysis & forecast data for industries and governments around the globe. Wise Guy Reports understand how essential statistical surveying information is for your organization or association. Therefore, we have associated with the top publishers and research firms all specialized in specific domains, ensuring you will receive the most reliable and up to date research data available. Contact Us: Norah Trent +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 Follow on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/wise-guy-research-consultants-pvt-ltd-?trk=biz-companies-cym CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious SatatonMall Offers Wide Range of a-Grade, Professional Textile Testing Instruments Next PostNext IBM Scientists Demonstrate Ballistic Nanowire Connections, A Potential Future Key Component for Quantum Computing Search Recent Posts Global Low Harmonic Drives Market to Grow at a CAGR of 4.76% to 2021 Pantoprazole Sodium (CAS 138786-67-1) Professional Survey Report in Forecast to 2022 Health Tech Startup SAFKAN Wins $145,000 Grand Prize at Seattle Angel Conference XI Thom Ross “My Last Conversation with Albert Ball” New Paintings Protein For Fitness Offers Exercise Enthusiasts a One-Stop Reference for Reviews, News, and More Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars BUSINESS Press Release Entrepreneur Mahesh Lingareddy Joins SitterFriends as Investor and Advisor Business Wire May 18, 2017 5:25 PM SAN FRANCISCO–(BUSINESS WIRE)–May 19, 2017– SitterFriends announced that Mahesh Lingareddy, founder of Soft Machines Inc (now owned by Intel) and founder of Smartron, an OEM and IOT company, joined SitterFriends as investor and advisor. SitterFriends, launching in June, aims to bring innovation to childcare, allowing parents to find help that is trustworthy, and affordable but also quickly accessible. A groundbreaking product in the childcare space, SitterFriends will allow parents to find their perfect match in a nanny but also feel at ease while the nanny provides care after the initial matching is done. We sat down with Mahesh to ask about his involvement with SitterFriends. How are you involved? I have a long standing relationship with the co-founders of SitterFriends Fahad Jalal, and Amit Jain. They worked with me when I was at Soft Machines, and because I believe in them, I wanted to get behind the team and their product. When they decided to go forward with SitterFriends I became one of the early investors in the company. I am also on the advisory board and meet with the key team members on a regular basis to discuss strategy, product and marketing. From CPU Design (Soft Machines) to Consumer Hardware (Smartron) to now childcare. Why the investment in a childcare company? Childcare and senior care are big markets in the US and around the world, largely untapped and fragmented. There is a lot of opportunity to bring both software and hardware innovation to solve some of the biggest problems in these markets, and I believe SitterFriends is going to do this. My involvement is largely due to my background in the consumer and industrial hardware. In the coming months the team will unveil some of the things we have been working on to make child care and senior care safer and richer leveraging various smart, sensor, IoT and AI technologies. Thank you Mahesh, for your input on SitterFriends. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170518006545/en/ SitterFriends Fahad Jalal, 415-805-6078 info@Sitterfriends.com VB Recommendations Ford adds Android Auto and Apple CarPlay to cars using over-the-air updates You no longer have to register your drone How one entrepreneur is building bridges to help spur American innovation
SHOP MOBILE SITE SEND US TIPS JOIN LOG IN Search all All News Features Blogs Forums CATEGORIES Reviews News Blogs Images Shop COMPONENTS All Components Recent additions: AMD Ryzen 5 1600X And 1500X Processor Review: Affordable Zen Takes On Core i5 AMD Ryzen Game Optimization Begins: Ashes Of The Singularity Patched And Tested Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Benchmark First Look, A Mobile Powerhouse Emerges Processors Recent additions: AMD Ryzen 5 1600X And 1500X Processor Review: Affordable Zen Takes On Core i5 AMD Ryzen Game Optimization Begins: Ashes Of The Singularity Patched And Tested Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Benchmark First Look, A Mobile Powerhouse Emerges Graphics/Sound Recent additions: EVGA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti SC2 GAMING Review: Dialing-In On Performance NVIDIA Volta-Powered DGX-1 And DGX Station AI Supercomputers Debut At GTC 2017 MSI GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Gaming X 11G Review: Blazing-Fast And Custom Cooled Motherboards Recent additions: AMD Announces X300 And X370 AM4 Motherboards For Ryzen Processors, All Chips Unlocked Gigabyte Z170X-Designare Motherboard Review: Affordable, High-Tech, Great Performance Rivet Networks Killer E2500 Gigabit Ethernet For Gamers With Advanced QoS Tested Storage Recent additions: Micron 5100 ECO and MAX SSD Review: High-Capacity, Affordable Datacenter Storage Intel Optane Memory With 3D XPoint Review: Easy, Robust PC Acceleration Samsung EVO Plus microSDXC 128GB Card Rips File Transfers Up To 100MB/s Misc Recent additions: Hykso Punch Trackers Review: Boxing Meets Wearable Technology Netgear Nighthawk X10 Wireless AD7200 Router Review [Updated] The Best Of CES 2017 SYSTEMS All Systems Recent additions: Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big Gaming Performance In A Small Package Maingear Vybe Review: Dual GTX 1070s And Kaby Lake Cranked To 5GHz The Best Of CES 2017 Desktops Recent additions: Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big Gaming Performance In A Small Package Maingear Vybe Review: Dual GTX 1070s And Kaby Lake Cranked To 5GHz Dell XPS 27 (7760) All-In-One Desktop Review: 4K Touch And Wired For Sound DIY Recent additions: Gigabyte Brix S GB-BSi5HT-6200 Ultra Compact SFF PC Review New Matter MOD-t 3D Printer Review: Low Cost, User-Friendly Creation AMD Powered Star Wars Battlefront Radeon 380X-Powered Gaming PC Build Small Form Factor Recent additions: Lenovo Annouces ThinkStation P320 Workstations With Kaby Lake And Quadro Graphics For VR Developers Gigabyte BRIX Gaming UHD Review With Teardown And Rebuild Action Intel Compute Stick Core m3 Review: Skylake On A Thumbstick IT/ENTERPRISE All IT/Enterprise Recent additions: AMD Naples Zen Platform Makes ‘EPYC’ Debut For Data Center Market Intel Announces Xeon Scalable Processor Family Based On Skylake-SP Toshiba's Non-Encrypted HK4 SSDs Now Shipping In High Performance NetApp SolidFire Data Center Products Workstation Recent additions: Aquantia Launches Multi-Gigabit NICs For Enthusiast-Class PCs and Professional Workstations Intel Kaby Lake Xeon E3-1200 Family Takes Flight Lenovo Annouces ThinkStation P320 Workstations With Kaby Lake And Quadro Graphics For VR Developers Data Center/SMB Recent additions: AMD Naples Zen Platform Makes ‘EPYC’ Debut For Data Center Market Intel Announces Xeon Scalable Processor Family Based On Skylake-SP Toshiba's Non-Encrypted HK4 SSDs Now Shipping In High Performance NetApp SolidFire Data Center Products Cloud Recent additions: Microsoft Legal Marijuana Tracking Software Has A Serious Case Of The Munchies ProtectWise Builds Security As A Service Platform With DVR Playback And Jacks You Into The Matrix NVIDIA Launches GeForce NOW Game Streaming Service Software Recent additions: Microsoft CodePlex Open Source Repository Closing, Devs Urged To Embrace Github Microsoft Rolls Out Wake On LAN For Easier Remote Windows 10 Updates Google Chrome For macOS Gains Enhanced Safe Browsing Malware Protection MOBILE All Mobile Recent additions: Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review: Optimized Mobility Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium Android Productivity And Entertainment HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Notebooks Recent additions: Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review: Optimized Mobility HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming Review: Great Battery Life, Strong Performance, Affordable Price Smartphones Recent additions: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: Android Excellence In Performance And Design LG G6 Review: Design Elegance And Efficiency A Winning Combination Australian Regulators Sue Apple Over Fatal Error 53 Bricking Of Repaired iPhones Tablets Recent additions: Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium Android Productivity And Entertainment HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Dell XPS 13 2-In-1 Review - Portable And Flexible Living On The Infinity Edge Gadgets Recent additions: GoPro Fusion Spherical 360 Degree VR 5.2K Camera Launching 2H 2017 Hykso Punch Trackers Review: Boxing Meets Wearable Technology Amazfit Pace GPS Smartwatch Review: Sleek, Attractive, And Great Battery Life LEISURE All Leisure Recent additions: Sole Surviving Nintendo PlayStation Rare Prototype Is Now Fully Functional Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Razer Lancehead eSports Gaming Mouse Promises Unmatched Wireless Performance Entertainment Recent additions: Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Google Launches $35/Month YouTube TV Streaming Service For Discerning Cord Cutters NVIDIA SHIELD TV (2017) Review: Smart Home, 4K HDR, And Game Streaming Gaming Recent additions: Sole Surviving Nintendo PlayStation Rare Prototype Is Now Fully Functional Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Razer Lancehead eSports Gaming Mouse Promises Unmatched Wireless Performance Social Recent additions: Tinder Users Outaged As Machine Learning App Scrapes And Exposes 40,000 Profile Photos Merriam-Webster Adds ‘Sheeple’ To Dictionary Citing Apple Fans As Prime Examples Twitter Getting Rid Of The Default Egg Profile Picture That Has A Bad Actor Reputation VIDEOS All videos 2.5 Geeks Reviews/How Tos FORUMS BLOGS Shop Subscribe TRENDING: Vega AMD ThreadRipper AMD EPYC Microsoft Surface Radeon RX 580 Samsung Galaxy S8 home Mobile Notebooks by Joshua Gulick — Friday, April 07, 2017 Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming Review: Great Battery Life, Strong Performance, Affordable Price Article Index:    Dell Inspiron 15 7000 - Introduction And Specifications Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming Design And Features Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming ATTO Disk, Sunspider And Cinebench Performance Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming PCMark And 3DMark Performance Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming Tomb Raider, Bioshock And Mordor Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming Battery Life And Acoustics Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming Final Thoughts And Rating Dell Inspiron 15 7000 - Introduction And Specifications The Dell Inspiron 7000 Gaming straddles the line between mainstream and gaming notebooks. It is offered in a few sizes, including a svelte 14" model, but after getting some hands-on time with the Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming at CES earlier this year, we decided to check the larger laptop out. It sports a 7th Gen Intel Core i7 processor and a discrete NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1050 Ti GPU, along with some fairly high-end internals. Before we dig into the Inspiron 15 7000’s specs, we should point out that this particular system sits at the top of the Inspiron line. The entry-level 3000 series is easy on the budget, while the 5000 series and 7000 series offer improved power and features, but carry higher price tags. Solid gaming performance requires powerful hardware, however, so it’s not surprising that Dell’s Inspiron Gaming laptops are part of its higher-end Inspiron 7000 series. Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming Specifications & Features Processor 7th Gen Intel Core i5-7300HQ (6MB Cache, 2.5Ghz - 3.5GHz)  Display 15.6-inch FHD (1920x1080) Anti-Glare, LED-Backlit Display Graphics Nvidia GeForce GTX 1050Ti (4GB GDDR5) Memory 8GB 2400MHz DDR4 Memory Storage 256GB SSD Optical NA Wired Ethernet Gigabit Ethernet Wireless Connectivity 802.11ac Dual-Band 2.4GHz & 5GHz, BT 4.2 Interface (Left) Lock Slot, Power Port, USB 3.0 Port, Media Card Reader Interface (Right) Ethernet Port, HDMI Port, USB 3.0 PowerShare Port, USB 3.0 Port, Headphone/Mic Jack Interface (Back) NA Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-bit Dimensions 15.15 x 10.82 x 1 inches (W x D x H) Weight 5.76 pounds Extras Two color options (Black, Beijing red); 74Whr, 6-cell Integrated Battery, McAfee LiveSafe 12-Month Subscription Warranty 1-Year Mail-In Service Pricing $849.99 (as configured) As we mentioned earlier, Dell pumped up its 7000 Gaming series with Intel’s 7th Gen, “Kaby Lake” processors, and the CPU is one of the defining differences between models. You can keep the price down by going with a Core i5-7300HQ (which appears in our $849.99 review system) or you can bump up to a Core i7-7700HQ, which Turbos to 3.8GHz and adds support for Hyper-Threading. Both CPUs are quad-core chips and both are solid choices for a gaming system, but if your budget has some leeway, putting your dollars into the Core i7-7700HQ isn’t a bad plan. Go this route and you’ll have a starting price of $949.99. Another critical component that changes in the higher priced models is the NVIDIA GeForce GTX GPU that's used. Dell puts a GTX 1050 in its lowest-priced model (which starts at $799.99) and steps up to the GTX 1050 Ti for the rest of its Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming series laptops. The GTX 1050 Ti features more CUDA cores and a base clock of 1493MHz, which is the same as the 1050’s Boost clock speed. You also have a few storage drive options, but the best are (understandably) in the pricier models. The entry-level Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming sports a 1TB hard drive, providing plenty of space, but unimpressive speed. The model we tested features a 256GB SSD, offering better performance, but limiting onboard storage space. While that’s not an issue for someone buying an everyday laptop, many gamers have enough titles to easily fill a 256GB SATA SSD. In fact, we ran into storage problems while loading the games (and other benchmarks) we use in our tests. In the end, we had to uninstall a game to make room for another. Look to the pricier models, and you’ll have more choices, including a 128GB SSD / 1TB hard drive setup that gives your OS a speedy drive without sacrificing space for your games library. At the highest end of the series Dell offers a 512GB PCIe NVMe M.2 drive. That laptop starts at $1,299.99; if your budget can handle a bigger price tag than that, you’re not so much the target customer for Dell’s Inspiron Gaming series as you are its Alienware brand.  Dell gives the top Inspiron 7000 Gaming models a QHD 3840 x 2160 IPS display, but it opts for a more standard 1920 x 1080 display in most models. Although we love the quality of high-resolution displays, sticking to a typical FHD monitor seems like a sacrifice worth making in the name of adhering to your budget, especially with a 1050 Ti pushing the pixels. NEXT PAGE Article Index:    Dell Inspiron 15 7000 - Introduction And Specifications Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming Design And Features Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming ATTO Disk, Sunspider And Cinebench Performance Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming PCMark And 3DMark Performance Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming Tomb Raider, Bioshock And Mordor Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming Battery Life And Acoustics Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming Final Thoughts And Rating Tags:  Dell, Inspiron, Inspiron 15, kaby lake, gtx 1050 ti, inspiron 15 gaming Image gallery Related content Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review: Optimized Mobility Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium Android Productivity And Entertainment Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: Android Excellence In Performance And Design Comments Show comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Follow Us: Twitter Facebook RSS Email YouTube AppStore Google+ 85K 9K 4K 25K CONVERSATIONS Monster Intel 12-Core i9-7920X Leaked...34 AMD Radeon Vega Frontier Edition...20 AMD 16-Core ThreadRipper Enthusiast CPUs...11 Aquantia Launches Multi-Gigabit NICs For...11 Intel Kills Rumors Of ‘Confirmed’ GPU...11 AMD Ryzen 9 Threadripper Enthusiast CPU...10 Security Researcher Temporarily Stops...9 FEATURED Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review:... Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium... EVGA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti SC2 GAMING... Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big... MSI GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Gaming X 11G... Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice... Micron 5100 ECO and MAX SSD Review:... FAVORITES 6 TB Hard Drive Round-Up: WD Red, WD...781k Intel Core i7-6700K And Z170 Chipset...634k Intel SSD 750 Series PCIe SSD Review:...574k Dell XPS 13 (2015) Ultrabook Review,...549k AMD Ryzen Review: Ryzen 7 1800X, 1700X,...525k Alienware X51 R3 Review: Console-Sized...520k Alienware Area 51: Triad, Tri-SLI GTX...445k Getting A GeForce GTX 1080 Ti? Absolutely! No thanks Current NVIDIA card Current AMD card Vega for me Next GeForce please More Results MORE HOT STUFF IN MOBILE Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review:... Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium... Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice... HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile,... Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: Android... LG G6 Review: Design Elegance And... Dell XPS 15 (9560) Review: More... Follow @HotHardware SITE Home Reviews News Blogs Images Mobile Site Sitemap CATEGORIES Components Systems IT/Enterprise Mobile Leisure Videos COMPANY About Advertise News Tips Contact MORE Forums Shop STAY CONNECTED Twitter Facebook Google + YouTube Feedburner This site is intended for informational and entertainment purposes only. The contents are the views and opinion of the author and/or his associates. All products and trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Reproduction in whole or in part, in any form or medium, without express written permission of HotHardware.com, LLC. is prohibited. All content and graphical elements are Copyright © 1999 - 2017 David Altavilla and HotHardware.com, LLC. All rights reserved. Privacy and Terms Subscribe to HH News Alerts! Preview Email Address
Skip to content Fone Arena The Mobile Blog Menu Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Weekly Roundup: Xiaomi Redmi 4, Nokia 3310, HTC U11, OPPO A77 and more This week, Xiaomi launched Redmi 4 in India, Nokia 3310 is now available in the country, HTC announced U11 smartphone, Moto C and Moto C Plus were also announced. Let’s take a quick look at all the launches and announcements that took place this week. Xiaomi launched Redmi 4 in India this week. It packs a 5-inch HD 2.5D curved glass display, is powered by an Octa-Core Snapdragon 435 SoC, has a 13-megapixel rear camera with LED flash and a 5-megapixel front-facing camera. Even though it runs on Android 6.0 (Marshmallow) based MIUI 8, it is offering beta test of Android 7.0 (Nougat) out of the box. The Xiaomi Redmi 4 comes in Gorgeous Black and Elegant gold colors in India, is priced at Rs. 6999 for the 2GB RAM with 16GB storage version, 3GB RAM with 32GB storage version costs Rs. 8,999 and the 4GB RAM with 64GB storage version costs Rs. 10,999. It will be available from 23rd May, 12 noon on Mi.com and Amazon.in. You can also get the phone from Mi Home in Bengaluru from today, May 20th. Xiaomi launched Mi Router 3C, its first budget router in India. It was introduced in China a few months back. It is a 802.11 b/g/n single-band router with 4 copper antennas, two to transmit and two to receive and supports upto 300Mbps transmission speed. The Xiaomi Mi Router 3C comes in white color, is priced at Rs. 1,199 and will be available from mi.com starting May 23rd 12 noon. It will be available from Flipkart and Amazon.in from June 8th. Nokia launched 3310 phone in India, couple of weeks after it started shipping the phone.  It has a 2.4 inch QGVA color display with polarized layer that claims to offer better sunlight visibility. It has a 2-megapixel rear camera with LED flash light that acts as torch and brings back nostalgia with the most popular game Snake. The Nokia 3310 comes in Warm Red and Yellow with a gloss finish, and Dark Blue and Grey with a matte finish, is priced at Rs. 3310 and is now available across mobile stores in India. Lenovo launched Lenovo Legion Y520 and Y720 gaming laptops in the country. Both the laptops are equipped with up to 7th Gen Intel Core i7 CPU and the latest NVIDIA graphics cards.  Lenovo claims the Y720 is the world’s first Dolby Atmos Windows based laptop that sports an all metal build. It comes with NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1060 graphics that makes it India’s first Oculus certified VR-ready laptop. The Legion Y520and Legion Y720 laptops start at Rs. 92,490 and Rs. 1,49,990 respectively and are now available for pre-booking in India. They will be available online through Flipkart and the www.thedostore.com. Samsung launched Z4, a budget Tizen OS smartphone running the latest Tizen OS 3.0 in India. It has a 4.5-inch WVGA  2.5D curved glass display, is powered by a 1.5GHz quad-core processor, has a 5-megapixel rear camera with dual LED flash arranged on either sides of the camera and a 5-megapixel front-facing camera with LED flash for taking better selfies in low lighting conditions. The Samsung Z4 comes in gold color in India, is priced at Rs. 5,790, and is available in mobile stores across India. Meizu launched M5 smartphone in India. It packs a 5.2-inch HD 2.5D curved glass screen, is powered by a 1.5 GHz octa-core 64-bit MediaTek MT6750 processor and runs on Android 6.0 (Marshmallow) based FlyMe OS. It has a 13-megapixel rear camera with dual-tone LED flash, phase-detection auto-focus (PDAF) that lets you focus in just 0.2 seconds and a 5-megapixel front-facing camera. It also has a mTouch 2.1 fingerprint sensor embedded into the home button. The Meizu M5 comes in Champanage Gold and Sapphire Blue colors in India, is priced at Rs. 9,499 and is available exclusively from Tatacliq.com. Bose launched new SoundLink Revolve and SoundLink Revolve+ portable Bluetooth speakers that promise true omni-directional performance with 360 degree sound. These feature an IPX4-rating to withstand spills, rain, and pool splashes; and rugged durability to survive dings, drops, and bumps. The SoundLink Revolve and SoundLink Revolve+ Bluetooth speakers come in Triple Black and Lux Gray colors and are priced at Rs. 19,900 and Rs. 24,500, respectively. These are already available for order from Amazon.in and will be available from Bose stores, Bose.com and authorized Bose dealers starting May 26, 2017. Samsung announced Galaxy J3 (2017), the company’s latest budget smartphone in the U.S. for AT&T. It was introduced as Galaxy S3 Emerge for Sprint earlier this year and packs a 5-inch HD display, is powered by a quad-core Exynos 7570 14nm processor, has a 5-megapixel rear camera with LED flash and a 2-megapixel front-facing camera. It runs on Android 7.0 (Nougat) compared to Marshmallow on the Sprint version. Huawei unveiled Y7, the company’s latest budget smartphone in the ‘Y Series’. It was introduced as Enjoy 7 Plus in China recently, has a 5.5-inch HD 2.5D curved glass screen, is powered by an Octa-Core Snapdragon 435 Mobile platform, runs on Android 7.0 (Nougat) with EMUI 5.1, has a 12-megapixel rear camera with LED flash, PDAF for quick 0.3-second focus and an 8-megapixel front-facing camera. The Huawei Y7 comes in Grey, Prestige Gold and Silver colors. No details about the price or rollout details yet. HTC announced U11 smartphone that comes with Edge Sensor for new squeeze interaction that lets you launch the camera, send text messages, open email or customize it to launch any application. It also lets you activate advanced touch and use a “short squeeze” as well as a “squeeze and hold” for even more functionality. It has 5.5-inch Quad HD 3D glass screen on the front and 3D glass on the back as well. The phone is powered by Qualcomm Snapdragon 835, has 12MP rear camera, 16MP front camera. The HTC U11 comes in Amazing Silver, Sapphire Blue, Brilliant Black, Ice White, and Solar Red, and will start rolling out in select countries from next week and will be available worldwide from June, 2017. Motorola announced the Moto C and Moto C Plus budget smartphones. The entry-level Moto C comes with a 5-inch FWVGA screen and in 3G and 4G versions, while the Moto C Plus packs a 5-inch HD screen and comes in 1GB RAM and 2GB RAM versions. Both the smartphones run Android 7.0 (Nougat), are powered by MediaTek SoCs, come with a 2-megapixel front-facing camera with LED flash and have micro-textured back cover. OPPO announced selfie-focused A77 smartphone in the ‘A series’ in Taiwan. It has similar specifications as the OPPO F3 that includes a 5.5-inch 1080p display, Octa-Core MediaTek MT6750T processor, runs on Android 6.0 (Marshmallow) with ColorOS 3.0, but this has a single 16-megapixel sensor on the front instead of dual front cameras on the F3. It still offers background blur to create depth of field effect along with selfie timer. It also has a 13-megapixel rear camera with PDAF, fingerprint sensor embedded into the home button and a 3200mAh built-in battery. Xiaomi launched Mi TV 4 series in China that come in 49-inch, 55-inch, and 65-inch sizes and have 4K panel with support for HDR. These have a 4.9mm slim frameless design and the top-end 65-inch model also comes with Dolby Atmos audio technology with 2 up-firing speakers, that are basically pointed at the ceiling which reflects the sound to provide a 3-dimensional experience. Author: Sneha Bokil Sneha Bokil is a tech enthusiast and is currently using OnePlus 3T but she still treasures her Nokia N70 (M). You can follow her on Twitter @snehabokil and on Google+ View all posts by Sneha Bokil Author Sneha BokilPosted on May 20, 2017May 20, 2017Categories Roundup Post navigation Previous Previous post: I/O 2017 shows signs of a more mature Google Next Next post: Wanakiwi tool released to fix WannaCry ransomware infected PCs Trending Phones OnePlus 3T Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Google Pixel Honor 6X Apple iPhone 7 Plus Nokia 6 Mobile Phones Nokia Sony Ericsson Samsung Motorola i-Mate Dopod HTC LG 02 BlackBerry Sagem Haier palmOne HP Spice Fly Apple Latest Phones Lenovo Phab 2 Lenovo Phab 2 Plus Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto Z Force Reliance Lyf Wind 5 Featured Video Subscribe to FA on YouTube Recent Posts Tim Cook said to be testing glucose blood sugar monitor for Apple Watch Wanakiwi tool released to fix WannaCry ransomware infected PCs Weekly Roundup: Xiaomi Redmi 4, Nokia 3310, HTC U11, OPPO A77 and more I/O 2017 shows signs of a more mature Google OnePlus teams up with DxO for OnePlus 5, LG G6 gets price cut in India and more – FoneArena Daily Google Daydream 2.0 Euphrates adds Chrome support, screen casting, YouTube VR and more Nubia N1 lite with 5.5-inch display, fingerprint sensor launching in India on May 22 Facebook Messenger revamps home screen for easier navigation Google introduces new API tools for watch face complications, watch friendly UI Telegram 4.0 brings video messages, bot payments, instant views and more CategoriesCategories Select Category 2 in 1 3G 4G 5G Accessories Acer Aircel Airtel Alcatel Amazon Android Announcements AOC Apple apps Articles askFA AskFoneArena Asus AT&T Bada Battery test Benchmarks Bharti Blackberry BlackBerry World Blogging Bluetooth Brands BSNL BT Byond Camera Samples Canada Cases CDMA CeBIT Celkon CES CES 2013 CES 2014 CES 2015 CES 2016 CES 2017 Chaze Cheers China china Computex 2014 Computex 2015 Computex 2016 Contributors Coolpad CREO CTIA Datawind Dell Development development Digiflip Pro Digital Payments Domo Dual SIM EE Elephone eReaders EV-DO Events Exclusive Facebook Featured Firefox Fitness Trackers Fly FoneArena Daily FoneArena Labs G Five Games G’FIVE General Gifts Gionee Google GPRS GPS GSM Guides Handsets Headlines HP HTC Huawei Hutch iBall iberry IDEA IFA India Infocus INQ Instagram Photo Contest Intek Intel Interviews Intex IoT iPad iPhone itel Japan Japan Java / J2ME Jio Jolla Karbonn Lava LeEco Lemon Lenovo LeTV LG Linux Luxury Maemo Magicon Manufacturers Maxx MeeGo Meizu Memory Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTNL MTS Multimedia MWC MWC 2010 MWC 2011 MWC 2012 MWC 2013 MWC 2014 MWC 2015 MWC 2016 MWC 2017 News Nexian Nextbit NFC Nokia Nokia World 2009 Nokia World 2010 Nokia World 2011 Nokia-Siemens O2 Obi OnePlus Operators Oplus Oppo Palm Palm Panasonic Phicomm Philips Photo Gallery Platforms poll Press Releases Previews Qiku Qualcomm Reliance Reliance Reports Reviews Roundup Rumors Sailfish Samsung Sections SEE2009 Sennheiser Simmtronics Singapore Smartisan Smartron Smartwatches SMS Software Sony Sony Ericsson Spice Spice Sprint Swipe Symbian T-Mobile Tablets Tata Docomo Tata Indicom TCL Teardown Technology Tesla Three Tips Tizen TP-LINK Ubuntu uk Ulefone UMi Unboxings Uncategorized Uninor USA VAS Verizon Video Videocon Videocon Vivo Vodafone VR Wallets WickedLeak Wifi Win a Nokia E7 Windows Xiaomi Xolo YU Zen Zopo ZTE ZUK FA on Facebook Youtube Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Fone Arena 2005-2016
NYMag.com Daily Intelligencer Vulture The Cut Science of Us Select All Grub Street The Strategist Log In Register My Account My Profile My Comments My Reviews My Friends Sign Out The Strategist Search Like Follow Follow Get the Newsletter Newsletter Get the Strategist in your inbox daily Enter your email Thank you for signing up! An error occurred. Please try again. Close the newsletter signup modal. NYMag.com Daily Intelligencer Vulture The Cut Science of Us Select All Grub Street Bedford & Bowery Like Follow Follow Get the Newsletter Newsletter Get the Strategist in your inbox daily Enter your email Thank you for signing up! An error occurred. Please try again. Close the newsletter signup modal. More from The Strategist Ad will collapse in seconds… CLOSE strat investigates May 19, 2017 05/19/2017 2:58 pm Who Makes Dev’s Plaid Shearling Coat on ‘Master of None’? By The Editors Share Facebook iconShare Twitter iconTweet Google Plus iconShare Pinterest iconPin It Email iconEmail Comment iconComment Print icon Print What’s the deal with that darn coat? It’s well-known by now that Aziz Ansari’s Master of None character Dev has excellent taste in clothes. His wardrobe in the first season — heavily reliant on Band of Outsiders shirts and Saint Laurent jackets — were just this side of believable for a sometimes-working actor. The clothes in season two are even more turned-up, with Dev traveling to Italy, not to mention landing a hosting gig on a Cupcake Wars–like show. Perhaps, like us, you watched Master of None and thought, “Who makes that excellent plaid shearling coat Dev is wearing when he bangs his head against the store window?” We called up Master of None costume designer Dana Covarrubias (who’s also worked on Louie and Broad City) to get the intel about what Dev wears onscreen (it’s all pretty fancy), from that shearling jacket to his Italian linen trousers. “Our favorite piece that we bought for Dev. It was just so beautiful and played with the idea of classic Americana. It looks like it could be from the ‘70s. We had some back and forth about whether Dev could actually afford this, but we ultimately decided that he could because he just landed that cupcake gig. He used his first paycheck. And then all his pants in the show are the Unis Gio, which we had to alter just so slightly to get tapered but they do fit him really well. They’re such a great heavy weight too.” Buy Saint Laurent Faux Shearling Plaid Coat $1,249, Barneys Warehouse Buy Gio Slim Khaki $198, Totokaelo “We did a lot more Italian brands for Dev this season, because of course he’s in Italy. If the first season was more inspired by The Graduate, the second season — particularly the scenes set in Italy — felt more like Fellini. This jacket is Brunello Cucinelli [Editor’s note: this one is similar, though not exactly the same], his pants are Isaia, and the shoes are Alden.” Buy Brunello Cucinelli Double Breasted Blazer $1,964, Yoox Buy Isaia Linen Trousers $550, Barneys New York Buy Alden Suede Loafers $549, The Shoe Mart “We actually had to prep all of Dev’s clothes in New York before shooting in Italy so even though they were Italian brands, we had to be able to buy them all in New York. Luckily, so many of them are available here. You’ll notice, too, that not everything he wore in Italy was necessarily Italian, but at least Italian in spirit.” Buy Goorin Brothers Driving Cap $30, Nordstrom Buy COS Silk Knit Cotton Polo Shirt $79, COS Buy Isaia Linen Trousers $550, Barneys New York Buy Alden Suede Loafers $549, The Shoe Mart “There are a lot of sweaters this season, many of them from AMI, which suits Aziz, and Gant, too. And Dev wears a lot of A.P.C. jeans.” Buy Gant Rugger R2 Varsity Sweater $210, NLY Man Buy A.P.C. Petit Standard Slim-Fit Dry Selvedge Denim Jeans $195, Mr Porter “AMI sweaters fit Aziz so well, and we really liked the idea of Aziz as this Indian dude wearing these classically American things. We wanted to play with that notion. Alexandre Mattiussi does it beautifully, too, even though he’s a French designer.” [Editor’s note: The exact sweater is sold out but this one by Burberry is similar.] Buy Burberry Fair Isle Cashmere And Wool-Blend Sweater $495, Mr Porter The Strategist is designed to surface the most useful, expert recommendations for things to buy across the vast e-commerce landscape. Some of our latest conquests include the best women’s jeans, rolling luggage, pillows for side sleepers, ultra-flattering pants, and bath towels. We update links when possible, but note that deals can expire and all prices are subject to change. Every editorial product is independently selected. If you buy something through our links, New York may earn an affiliate commission. Get the best of The Strategist delivered to your inbox. Tags: the strategist strat investigates men's clothing as seen on tv Who Makes Dev’s Plaid Shearling Coat on Master of None? Share on Facebook Tweet this Story The Best of Amazon Cheap (But Expensive-Looking) Colorful Décor You Can Buy on Amazon 31 Millennial-Pink Things You Can Buy on Amazon Cheap (But Expensive-Looking) Bedroom Décor That You Can Buy on Amazon people's choice The 9 Best Comforters on Amazon, According to Hyperenthusiastic Reviewers The 11 Best Water Bottles on Amazon, According to Hyperenthusiastic Reviewers The 10 Best Towels on Amazon, According to Hyperenthusiastic Reviewers House beautiful I Bathed for Two and a Half Hours Because of This Tray This Weird Kneeling Chair Saved My Back 17 Cheap (But Expensive-Looking) Apartment Accents on Amazon Kids’ Furniture Is the Best-Kept Secret of Decorating Latest from The Strategist Yesterday at 6:01 p.m. Ask the Strategist: The Best Home-Office Chair Come along as we find something ergonomic that doesn’t look like an exercise ball or an exoskeleton. Yesterday at 2:58 p.m. Who Makes Dev’s Plaid Shearling Coat on Master of None? We speak with the costume designer to find out this and other secrets. Yesterday at 1:07 p.m. What Strategist Readers Are Buying: Japanese Exfoliators and Meal Replacements Japanese exfoliators and “Calorie Mate.” Yesterday at 12:53 p.m. What Patricia Altschul of Southern Charm Can’t Live Without From custom caftans to the mallet she uses to perfectly crush ice. Yesterday at 10:37 a.m. 22 Things on Sale You’ll Actually Want to Buy Including some fashion Tevas. 5/18/2017 at 5:50 p.m. The Best Outdoor Furniture for Small Outdoor Spaces Only have a tiny terrace? You can make a hammock work on that. 5/18/2017 at 4:59 p.m. I Use This Jade Roller to Get Rid of Puffy Face It’s a classic Chinese remedy that’s now a cult beauty tool. 5/18/2017 at 3:24 p.m. The 11 Best Sunscreens, According to the Cut’s Beauty Editors From the best nongreasy options to ones that give you a subtle glow. 5/18/2017 at 3:06 p.m. 17 Non-Cheesy Graduation-Gift Books, According to Our Book Critic Save the grads from the ultimate corniness of Oh, the Places You’ll Go. 5/18/2017 at 11:23 a.m. Deal of the Day: A 40 Percent Off Smythson Journal for the Grad in Your Life It’s 40 percent off. 5/18/2017 at 8:00 a.m. The Dark Art of How (and When) to Buy an Airline Ticket Navigating the ever-more-complicated travel-reward-cardsphere, frequent-flier programs, and Hawaiian stopovers, with help from 23 travel hackers. 5/17/2017 at 4:21 p.m. This Prosciutto-like Jerky Is the Tastiest Snack I’ve Ever Had Unlike regular beef, it won’t break your jaw. 5/17/2017 at 2:15 p.m. The Best (and Weirdest) Strokes Merch You Can Buy Online Including a Nikolai Fraiture jersey. 5/17/2017 at 12:25 p.m. What ‘Crazy Rich Asians’ Author Kevin Kwan Can’t Live Without From a shower gel made by Carthusian monks to a Japanese enamel teapot with the perfect spout. 5/17/2017 at 9:53 a.m. Deal of the Day: The ‘Rolls-Royce of Curling Irons’ Is 20 Percent Off It’s the most intuitively usable curling iron on the market. 5/16/2017 at 5:25 p.m. I Paint at 36,000 Feet With This TSA-Approved Watercolor Set Each brush tip is attached to a squeezable plastic tube that you fill with water before you paint. 5/16/2017 at 4:05 p.m. 6 ‘RompHims’ That Are Better Than RompHims Cool men’s jumpsuits that you’d actually want to wear. 5/16/2017 at 2:52 p.m. The 9 Best Baby Bouncers on Amazon, According to Hyperenthusiastic Reviewers From the vibrating to the sleek, including a cult favorite for under $20. 5/16/2017 at 2:28 p.m. What I Discovered When I Outsourced My Back Pain Seven remedies from various experts. 5/16/2017 at 10:33 a.m. Deal of the Day: A $58 Everyday Bag From Loup That doesn’t look exactly like everyone else’s everyday bag. Newsletters Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Feedly Privacy Terms Sitemap Media Kit Ad Choices About Us Contacts Feedback We’re Hiring! © 2017, New York Media LLC. View all trademarks LOG IN REGISTER Social Account Facebook or Remember Me Forgot Password? Sign up with a social account: Facebook Don’t worry. We will never post to your social media account without your permission. or create an account Female Male NYMag.com may email me about new site features and special offers. By creating an account, you agree with the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. We’ve sent a registration confirmation email to . Please follow the instructions in the email within 48 hours to complete your registration. Forgot Your Password? Enter your email address or username and we’ll email instructions on how to reset your password. This username or email is associated with a Facebook account. Log in with your social account: Facebook Check Your Inbox We’ve sent you an email with instructions on how to reset your password. Choose a Username Your username will appear next to your comments. Email: By creating a NYMag.com account, you agree with the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. You already have an account registered under . You can link your Facebook account to your existing account. No, Sign In Welcome! You are now a registered user of NYMag.com, TheCut.com, Vulture.com, ScienceOfUs.com and GrubStreet.com. Want more? Subscribe to our daily newsletters. Daily Intelligencer Constant news updates on politics, business, media, and real estate. Vulture Breaking news and analysis on all the latest TV, movies, music, books, theater, and art. The Cut Get the latest fashion, beauty, and shopping news and recommendations. No Thanks We're sorry. You must confirm your registration within 48 hours of submitting your registration request. Please register again. You are already registered. Please log in. Reset Your Password Enter a new password Your password has been successfully changed. Please log in.
Saturday, May 20, 2017 Latest: No Tears For The FBI – OpEd Reopened Murder Case Of Blessed Oscar Romero NFL Teams Are Right To Blackball Colin Kaepernick – OpEd The Five Stars’ Party: Italy’s Unique Populist Movement – Analysis North Korea And A Crisis In The Making – OpEd Eurasia Review A Journal of Analysis and News News Opinion Analysis Business Social Religion Entertainment Environment Technology About Editorial Staff Authors and Partners Contact Submit an Article Buzz Future Privacy Policy And Terms Of Use Hillary Clinton. DoD photo by U.S. Navy Petty Officer 1st Class Chad J. McNeeley, Wikipedia Commons. 1 Opinion  Seth Rich, Craig Murray And Sinister Stewards Of National Security State – OpEd May 20, 2017May 20, 2017 Mike Whitney 0 Comment Corruption, Democrat, Donald Trump, FBI, Hacking, Hillary Clinton, Politics, Russia, United States By Mike Whitney Why is it a “conspiracy theory” to think that a disgruntled Democratic National Committee staffer gave WikiLeaks the DNC emails, but not a conspiracy theory to think the emails were provided by Russia? Why? Which is the more likely scenario: That a frustrated employee leaked damaging emails to embarrass his bosses or a that foreign government hacked DNC computers for some still-unknown reason? That’s a no-brainer, isn’t it? Former-DNC employee, Seth Rich, not only had access to the emails, but also a motive. He was pissed about the way the Clinton crowd was “sandbagging” Bernie Sanders. In contrast, there’s neither evidence nor motive connecting Russia to the emails. On top of that,  WikiLeaks founder, Julien Assange (a man of impeccable integrity) has repeatedly denied that Russia gave him the emails which suggests the government investigation is completely misdirected. The logical course of action, would be to pursue the leads that are most likely to bear fruit, not those that originate from one’s own political bias. But, of course, logic has nothing to do with the current investigation, it’s all about politics and geopolitics. We don’t know who killed Seth Rich and we’re not going to speculate on the matter here.  But we find it very strange that neither the media nor the FBI have pursued leads in the case that challenge the prevailing narrative on the Russia hacking issue. Why is that? Why is the media so eager to blame Russia when Rich looks like the much more probable suspect? And why have the mainstream news organizations put so much energy into discrediting the latest Fox News report, when– for the last 10 months– they’ve showed absolutely zero interest in Rich’s death at all? According to Fox News: “The Democratic National Committee staffer who was gunned down on July 10 on a Washington, D.C., street just steps from his home had leaked thousands of internal emails to WikiLeaks, law enforcement sources told Fox News. A federal investigator who reviewed an FBI forensic report detailing the contents of DNC staffer Seth Rich’s computer generated within 96 hours after his murder, said Rich made contact with WikiLeaks through Gavin MacFadyen, a now-deceased American investigative reporter, documentary filmmaker, and director of WikiLeaks who was living in London at the time…. Rod Wheeler, a retired Washington homicide detective and Fox News contributor investigating the case on behalf of the Rich family, made the WikiLeaks claim, which was corroborated by a federal investigator who spoke to Fox News…. “I have seen and read the emails between Seth Rich and Wikileaks,” the federal investigator told Fox News, confirming the MacFadyen connection. He said the emails are in possession of the FBI, while the stalled case is in the hands of the Washington Police Department.” (“Family of slain DNC staffer Seth Rich blasts detective over report of WikiLeaks link”, Fox News) Okay, so where’s the computer? Who’s got Rich’s computer? Let’s do the forensic work and get on with it. But the Washington Post and the other bogus news organizations aren’t interested in such matters because it doesn’t fit with their political agenda. They’d rather take pot-shots at Fox for running an article that doesn’t square with their goofy Russia hacking story. This is a statement on the abysmal condition of journalism today. Headline news has become the province of perception mandarins who use the venue to shape information to their own malign specifications, and any facts that conflict with their dubious storyline, are savagely attacked and discredited. Journalists are no longer investigators that keep the public informed, but paid assassins who liquidate views that veer from the party-line. Related: WikiLeaks’ Latest CIA Data Dump Undermines Case Against Russia Election Hack – OpEd WikiLeaks never divulges the names of the people who provide them with information. Even so, Assange has not only shown an active interest in the Seth Rich case, but also offered a $20,000 reward for anyone providing information leading to the arrest and conviction of Rich’s murder. Why? And why did he post a link to the Fox News article on his Twitter account on Tuesday? I don’t know, but if I worked for the FBI or the Washington Post, I’d sure as hell be beating the bushes to find out. And not just because it might help in Rich’s murder investigation, but also, because it could shed light on the Russia fiasco which is being used to lay the groundwork for impeachment proceedings. So any information that challenges the government version of events, could actually change the course of history. Have you ever heard of Craig Murray? Murray should be the government’s star witness in the DNC hacking scandal, instead, no one even knows who he is. But if we trust what Murray has to say, then we can see that the Russia hacking story is baloney. The emails were “leaked” by insiders not “hacked” by a foreign government. Here’s the scoop from Robert Parry at Consortium News: “Former British Ambassador to Uzbekistan Craig Murray, has suggested that the DNC leak came from a “disgruntled” Democrat upset with the DNC’s sandbagging of the Sanders campaign and that the Podesta leak came from the U.S. intelligence community….He (Murray) appears to have undertaken a mission for WikiLeaks to contact one of the sources (or a representative) during a Sept. 25 visit to Washington where he says he met with a person in a wooded area of American University. …. Though Murray has declined to say exactly what the meeting in the woods was about, he may have been passing along messages about ways to protect the source from possible retaliation, maybe even an extraction plan if the source was in some legal or physical danger…Murray also suggested that the DNC leak and the Podesta leak came from two different sources, neither of them the Russian government. “The Podesta emails and the DNC emails are, of course, two separate things and we shouldn’t conclude that they both have the same source,” Murray said. “In both cases we’re talking of a leak, not a hack, in that the person who was responsible for getting that information out had legal access to that information… Scott Horton then asked, “Is it fair to say that you’re saying that the Podesta leak came from inside the intelligence services, NSA [the electronic spying National Security Agency] or another agency?” “I think what I said was certainly compatible with that kind of interpretation, yeah,” Murray responded. “In both cases they are leaks by Americans.” (“A Spy Coup in America?”, Robert Parry, Consortium News) With all the hullabaloo surrounding the Russia hacking case, you’d think that Murray’s eyewitness account would be headline news, but not in Homeland Amerika where the truth is kept as far from the front page as humanly possible. Bottom line: The government has a reliable witness (Murray) who can positively identify the person who hacked the DNC emails and, so far, they’ve showed no interest in his testimony at all.  Doesn’t that strike you as a bit weird? Did you know that after a 10 month-long investigation, there’s still no hard evidence that Russia hacked the 2016 elections?  In fact, when the Intelligence agencies were pressed on the matter, they promised to release a report that would provide iron-clad proof of Russian meddling.  On January 6, 2017, theDirector of National Intelligence, James Clapper, released that report. It was called The Intelligence Community Assessment (ICA).  Unfortunately, the report fell far-short of the public’s expectations. Instead of a smoking gun, Clapper produced a tedious 25-page compilation of speculation, hearsay, innuendo and gobbledygook.  Here’s how veteran journalist Robert Parry summed it up: “The report contained no direct evidence that Russia delivered hacked emails from the Democratic National Committee and Hillary Clinton’s campaign chairman John Podesta to WikiLeaks….The DNI report…as presented, is one-sided and lacks any actual proof. Further, the continued use of the word “assesses”….suggests that the underlying classified information also may be less than conclusive because, in intelligence-world-speak, “assesses” often means “guesses.” (“US Report Still Lacks Proof on Russia ‘Hack’”, Robert Parry, Consortium News) Repeat: “the report contained no direct evidence”, no “actual proof”, and a heckuva a lot of “guessing”. That’s some “smoking gun”, eh? If this ‘thin gruel’ sounds like insufficient grounds for removing a sitting president and his administration, that’s because it is.  But the situation is even worse than it looks,  mainly because the information in the assessment is not reliable. The ICA was corrupted by higher-ups in the Intel food-chain who selected particular analysts who could be trusted to produce a document that served their broader political agenda. Think I’m kidding? Take a look at this excerpt from an article at Fox News: “On January 6, 2017, the U.S. Intelligence Community issued an “Intelligence Community Assessment” (ICA) that found Russia deliberately interfered in the 2016 presidential election to benefit Trump’s candidacy…  (but) there are compelling reasons to believe this ICA was actually a politicized analysis that violated normal rules for crafting intelligence assessments…… to ensure this one reached the bottom line conclusion that the Obama administration was looking for. … ….Director of National Intelligence James Clapper explained in his testimony that two dozen or so “seasoned experts” were “handpicked” from the contributing agencies” and drafted the ICA “under the aegis of his former office” …  While Clapper claimed these analysts were given “complete independence” to reach their findings, he added that their conclusions “were thoroughly vetted and then approved by the directors of the three agencies and me.” This process drastically differed from the Intelligence Community’s normal procedures.  Hand-picking a handful of analysts from just three intelligence agencies to write such a controversial assessment went against standing rules to vet such analyses throughout the Intelligence Community within its existing structure.  The idea of using hand-picked intelligence analysts selected through some unknown process to write an assessment on such a politically sensitive topic carries a strong stench of politicization…. A major problem with this process is that it gave John Brennan, CIA’s hyper-partisan former director, enormous influence over the drafting of the ICA.  Given Brennan’s scathing criticism of Mr. Trump before and after the election, he should have had no role whatsoever in the drafting of this assessment.  Instead, Brennan probably selected the CIA analysts who worked on the ICA and reviewed and approved their conclusions…. The unusual way that the January 6, 2017 Intelligence Community Assessment was drafted raises major questions as to whether it was rigged by the Obama administration to produce conclusions that would discredit the election outcome and Mr. Trump’s presidency.” (“More indications Intel assessment of Russian interference in election was rigged”, Fox News) Repeat: “A politicized analysis that violated normal rules for crafting intelligence assessments.” That says it all, doesn’t it? Let’s take a minute and review the main points in the article: 1–Was the Intelligence Community Assessment the summary work of all 17 US Intelligence Agencies? No, it was not. “In his May 8 testimony to a Senate Judiciary subcommittee hearing, Clapper confirmed …(that) the ICA reflected the views of only three intelligence agencies — CIA, NSA and FBI – not all 17.” 2–Did any of the analysts challenge the findings in the ICA? No, the document failed to acknowledge any dissenting views, which suggests that the analysts were screened in order to create consensus. 3– Were particular analysts chosen to produce the ICA? Yes, they were “handpicked from the contributing agencies” and drafted the ICA “under the aegis of his former office” (the Office of the Director of National Intelligence.) 4– Was their collaborative work released to the public in its original form? No,  their conclusions “were thoroughly vetted and then approved by the directors of the three agencies and me.” (Clapper) This of course suggests that the document was political in nature and crafted to deliver a particular message. 5–Were Clapper’s methods “normal” by Intelligence agency standards? Definitely not. “This process drastically differed from the Intelligence Community’s normal procedures.” 6–Are Clapper and Brennan partisans who have expressed their opposition to Trump many times in the past calling into question their ability to be objective in executing their duties as heads of their respective agencies? Absolutely. Check out this clip from Monday’s Arkansas online: “I think, in many ways, our institutions are under assault, both externally — and that’s the big news here, is the Russian interference in our election system,” said James Clapper, the former director of national intelligence. “I think as well our institutions are under assault internally.” When he was asked, “Internally, from the president?” Clapper said, “Exactly.” (Clapper calls Trump democracy assailant”, arkansasonline) Brennan has made numerous similar statements. (Note: It is particularly jarring that Clapper– who oversaw the implementation of the modern surveillance police state– feels free to talk about “the assault on our institutions.”) 7–Does the ICA prove that anyone on the Trump campaign colluded with Russia or that Russia meddled in the 2016 elections? No, it doesn’t.  What it shows is that –even while Clapper and Brennan may have been trying to produce an assessment that would ‘kill two birds with one stone’, (incriminate Russia and smear Trump at the same time) the ICA achieved neither. So far, there’s no proof of anything.   Now take a look at this list I found in an article at The American Thinker: “12 prominent public statements by those on both sides of the aisle who reviewed the evidence or been briefed on it confirmed there was no evidence of Russia trying to help Trump in the election or colluding with him: The New York Times (Nov 1, 2016); House Speaker Paul Ryan (Feb, 26, 2017); Former DNI James Clapper , March 5, 2017); Devin Nunes Chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, March 20, 2017); James Comey, March 20, 2017; Rep. Chris Stewart, House Intelligence Committee, March 20, 2017; Rep. Adam Schiff, House Intelligence committee, April 2, 2017); Senator Dianne Feinstein, Senate Intelligence Committee, May 3, 2017); Sen. Joe Manchin  Senate Intelligence Committee, May 8, 2017; James Clapper (again) (May 8, 2017); Rep. Maxine Waters, May 9, 2017); President Donald Trump,(May 9, 2017). Senator Grassley, Chairman of the Senate Judiciary committee, indicated that his briefing confirmed Dianne Feinstein’s view that the President was not under investigation for colluding with the Russians.” (“Russian Hacking and Collusion: Put the Cards on the Table”, American Thinker) Keep in mind, this is a list of the people who actually “reviewed the evidence”, and even they are not convinced. It just goes to show that the media blitz is not based on any compelling proof, but on the determination of  behind-the-scenes elites who want to destroy their political rivals. Isn’t that what’s really going on? How does former FBI Director James Comey fit into all this? First of all, we need to set the record straight on Comey so readers don’t get the impression that he’s the devoted civil servant and all-around stand-up guy he’s made out to be in the media. Here’s a short clip from an article by Human Rights First that will help to put things into perspective: “Five former FBI agents…raised concerns about his (Comey’s) support for a legal memorandum justifying torture and his defense of holding an American citizen indefinitely without charge. They note that Comey concurred with a May 10, 2005, Office of Legal Counsel opinion that authorized torture. While the agents credited Comey for opposing torture tactics in combination and on policy grounds, they note that Comey still approved the legal basis for use of specific torture tactics. “These techniques include cramped confinement, wall-standing, water dousing, extended sleep deprivation, and waterboarding, all of which constitute torture or cruel, inhuman, or degrading treatment in contravention of domestic and international law,” the letter states. Those signing the letter to the committee also objected to Comey’s defense of detaining Americans without charge or trial and observed, “Further, Mr. Comey vigorously defended the Bush administration’s decision to hold Jose Padilla, a United States citizen apprehended on U.S. soil, indefinitely without charge or trial for years in a military brig in Charleston, South Carolina.” (“FBI Agents Urge Senate Judiciary Committee to Question Comey on Torture, Indefinite Detention”, Human Rights First) Get the picture? Comey is a vicious political opportunist who doesn’t mind breaking a few legs if it’ll advance his career plans. I wouldn’t trust the man as far as I could throw him. Which isn’t far. American Thinker’s Clarice  Feldman explains why Comey launched his counter-intel investigation in July 2016 but failed to notify Congress until March 2017, a full eight months later. Here’s what she said: “There is only one reasonable explanation for FBI Director James Comey to be launching a counter-intel investigation in July 2016, notifying the White House and Clapper, and keeping it under wraps from congress. Comey was a participant in the intelligence gathering for political purposes — wittingly, or unwittingly.” (“Russian Hacking and Collusion: Put the Cards on the Table”, American Thinker) Are we suggesting that the heads of the so called Intelligence Community are at war with the Trump Administration and paving the way for impeachment  proceedings? Yep, we sure are. The Russia hacking fiasco is a regime change operation no different than the CIA’s 50-or-so other oustings in the last 70 years. The only difference is that this operation is on the home field which is why everyone is so flustered. These things are only suppose to happen in those “other” countries. Does this analysis make me a Donald Trump supporter? Never.  The idea is ridiculous. Trump might be the worst US president of all time, in fact, he probably is. But that doesn’t mean there aren’t other nefarious forces at work behind the smokescreen of democratic government. There are. In fact, this whole flap suggests that there’s an alternate power-structure that operates completely off the public’s radar and has the elected-government in its death-grip. This largely invisible group of elites controls the likes of  Brennan, Clapper and Comey. And, apparently,  they have enough influence to challenge and maybe even remove an elected president from office. (We’ll see.) And what’s more surprising, is that the Democrats have aligned themselves with these deep state puppetmasters.  They’ve cast their lot with the sinister stewards of the national security state and hopped on the impeachment bandwagon. But is that a wise choice for the Dems? Author Michael J. Glennon doesn’t think so. Here’s what he says in the May edition of Harper’s Magazine: “Those who would counter the illiberalism of Trump with the illiberalism of unfettered bureaucrats would do well to contemplate the precedent their victory would set. … American history is not silent about the proclivities of unchecked security forces, a short list of which includes the Palmer Raids, the FBI’s blackmailing of civil rights leaders, Army surveillance of the antiwar movement, the NSA’s watch lists, and the CIA’s waterboarding. …. Who would trust the authors of past episodes of repression as a reliable safeguard against future repression?” (“Security Breach– Trump’s tussle with the bureaucratic state”, Michael J. Glennon, Harper’s Magazine) “Who?” The Democrats, that’s who. ← Russia Opens Passenger And Cargo Shipping Service With North Korea – OpEd New York Times Shows Bias In Abuse Reporting – OpEd → Mike Whitney Mike Whitney writes on politics and finances and lives in Washington state. He can be reached at [email protected] You May Also Like Is U.S. Foreign Policy Made In The USA? – Analysis May 2, 2011 Published by the Foreign Policy Research Institute 2 Trump’s Call To Sharif Doesn’t Indicate Any Real Change To US Foreign Policy With India – Analysis December 7, 2016 Observer Research Foundation 0 Misguided Plan For Puerto Rico Would Set Dangerous Precedent – Analysis December 11, 2015 The Heritage Foundation 0 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Latest Articles 1 Opinion  No Tears For The FBI – OpEd May 20, 2017 Margaret Kimberley 0 “Everywhere I look, Lord I see FB Eyes Said every place I look, Lord I find FB Eyes I’m getting 1 Religion  Reopened Murder Case Of Blessed Oscar Romero May 20, 2017 CNA 0 1 Entertainment Opinion  NFL Teams Are Right To Blackball Colin Kaepernick – OpEd May 20, 2017 Eurasia Review 0 1 Analysis Social Issues  The Five Stars’ Party: Italy’s Unique Populist Movement – Analysis May 20, 2017 Modern Diplomacy 0 1 Opinion  North Korea And A Crisis In The Making – OpEd May 20, 2017 Observer Research Foundation 0 1 Analysis  Challenges Before New South Korean President – Analysis May 20, 2017 Observer Research Foundation 0 1 Analysis  China’s Energy Security: Reality Roadblock In Ethiopia – Analysis May 20, 2017 RSIS 0 Recent Comments Syed Tanwir Hasan on Trump’s Visit To Saudi Arabia: An Opportunity That Must Not Be Wasted – OpEd Duncan Graham on Jakarta’s Election And Alternatives To US Policy Towards Muslims – OpEd Vijayendra Kumar on Furthering India-Japan Defense Cooperation: Arun Jaitley Indicates New Approach – Analysis Cherl on Trump Defends ‘Right’ To Share Intelligence With Russia chitranjan kumar on Indian Strategic Thinking: A Reflection Of Kautilya’s Six Fold Policy – Analysis Copyright © 2017 Eurasia Review. All rights reserved. (ISSN 2330-717X) This popup will close in: Please Support Eurasia Review   Eurasia Review does not receive financial support from any institution, corporation or organization. We are truly independent. Your contributions allow Eurasia Review to continue operating. Please consider donating today.   Signup for Eurasia Review's FREE newsletter CLOSE
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Deep Learning Market 2017 – IBM, Intel, ARM Ltd, Clarifai, Entilic, Google, NVIDIA, Microsoft, HyperVerge Chicago, IL — (SBWIRE) — 05/19/2017 — Market Research Report on Deep Learning Market 2016 is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the Deep Learning worldwide. First of all, ” Global Deep Learning Market 2016 ” report provides a basic overview of the Deep Learning industry including definitions, classifications, applications and Deep Learning industry chain structure. Major Companies Covered in this report:- Advanced Micro Devices ARM Ltd Clarifai Entilic Google HyperVerge IBM Intel Microsoft NVIDIA Get Sample Copy Of Report @ http://marketreports.biz/report/global-deep-learning-market-size-status-and-forecast-market#requestforsample The analysis is provided for the Deep Learning international market including development history, Deep Learning industry competitive landscape analysis. After that, Deep Learning industry development policies as well as plans are discussed and manufacturing processes as well as cost structures for Deep Learning market. This report „Worldwide Deep Learning Market 2016” also states import/export, supply and consumption figures and Deep Learning market cost, price, revenue and Deep Learning market’s gross margin by regions (United States, EU, China and Japan), as well as other regions can be added in Deep Learning Market area. Then, the report focuses on worldwide Deep Learning market key players with information such as company profiles with product picture as well as specification. Enquiry Here @ http://marketreports.biz/report/global-deep-learning-market-size-status-and-forecast-market#inquiryforbuying Related information to Deep Learning market- capacity, production, price, cost, revenue and contact information. Aslo includes Deep Learning industry’s – Upstream raw materials, equipment and downstream consumers analysis is also carried out. What’s more, the Deep Learning market development trends and Deep Learning industry marketing channels are analyzed. Finally, „worldwide Deep Learning market” Analysis- feasibility of new investment projects is assessed, and overall research conclusions are offered. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Customer Relationship Management Market 2017 – SAP SE, Zoho, Oracle, Microsoft, Netsuite, Insightly, Bpmonline Next PostNext Riassunto: EB Holdings II, Inc. commenta sulla causa intentata da GoldenTree Group Search Recent Posts SMU COX HONORS SIX ALUMNI EB Holdings II, Inc. comenta sobre el litigio presentado por el GoldenTree Group Global Hormone Replacement Therapy (HRT) Market Research Report 2017 – Genentech, Amgen, Novo Nordisk, Eli Lily, Wyeth, Novartis, Merck & Co. Aviation Obstruction Lights Market 2017 – Terma, Clampco, Nanhua, Avlite, Orga BV, Emerson, Obelux, Carmanah Cholesterl Market 2017 – NK, Dishman, Nippon Fine Chemical, Zhejiang Garden Biochemical Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Jump to Navigation MSNBC facebook twitter google plus rss tumblr instagram Explore All {{issue.issue.title}} Latest {{topic.topic.short_title}} {{teaser.description}} Watch Featured Shows Weekday Weekend Watch Videos LIVE: Watch MSNBC TV Schedule Search Videos Digital Documentaries Get Updates Help Live TV share tweet email save Embed The Last Word with Lawrence O'Donnell 05/19/17 Watergate lawyer: Obstruction of justice evidence 'overwhelming' James Comey will testify before the Senate Intel Committee after Memorial Day. And a W.H. official is a "significant person of interest" in the Russia probe. Nicholas Kristof, Michael Isikoff, and Jill Wine-Banks join Lawrence O'Donnell. ... more Duration: {{video.duration.momentjs}} Up next in: Valdimir Putin Watergate lawyer: Obstruction of justice... info Watergate lawyer: Obstruction of justice... James Comey will testify before the Senate Intel Committee after Memorial Day. And a W.H. official is a "significant person of interest" in the Russia probe. Nicholas Kristof, Michael Isikoff, and Jill Wine-Banks join Lawrence O'Donnell. The Last Word with Lawrence O'Donnell 05/19/17 Duration: 16:09 save Do little gadgets enable faceless contact? info Do little gadgets enable faceless contact? The Afternoon Mo Joe panelists talk about how small gadgets will change the way people communicate with each other. Afternoon MoJoe 09/18/13 Duration: 5:45 save Channels MSNBCTV Retrieving data... LIVE watch now Information full TV schedule videos Valdimir Putin comments Top Stories from NBC News and MSNBC Comey agrees to testify in open Senate hearing 8 hours 14 min ago NYT: Trump told Russians firing 'nut job' Comey eased pressure on probe 10 hours 59 min ago Chris Matthews: Potential for a Trump catastrophe 7 hours 30 sec ago McClatchy: Congress told Russia probe now includes poss. cover-up 10 hours 21 min ago Debate prep video shows Hillary practicing how to avoid Trump hug 6 hours 15 min ago Sen. Warner: 'Outrageous' that Trump called Comey a 'nut job' Rep. Ted Lieu: Trump obstructed justice How Trump described Muslims on the trail GOP Rep: Some things about Trump admin. ‘give me pause’ Joe reveals call with Pres. Trump over inauguration crowd Best of MSNBC Fmr DOJ Prosecutor: FBI suspects a... info Fmr DOJ Prosecutor: FBI suspects a... What kinds of legal troubles could the Trump White House have to face in the wake of the growing FBI Russia investigation? Two former DOJ lawyers, Paul Butler & Carrie Cordero, join to discuss. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 05/19/17 Duration: 6:16 save Eli Stokols: Trump is facing something... info Eli Stokols: Trump is facing something... Given the volume and substance of the leaks coming from the Trump White House, Wall Street Journal reporter Eli Stokols explains the checks these leaks have on Trump's presidential power. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 05/19/17 Duration: 2:41 save Leaks in the Trump White House 'go to the... info Leaks in the Trump White House 'go to the... MSNBC's Brian Williams discusses incredibly sensitive nature of the leaks we're now reading in reports about the inner workings of the Trump White House with our political panel. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 05/19/17 Duration: 8:00 save NYT: Trump told Russians stress off after... info NYT: Trump told Russians stress off after... The White House isn't denying a New York Times report that Trump told the Russians the pressue was off from the Russia probe after firing 'crazy, nut job' James Comey. Our panel reacts. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 05/19/17 Duration: 9:19 save In intervention, Trump told tweets could... info In intervention, Trump told tweets could... The Wall Street Journal reports WH staff had an The Last Word with Lawrence O'Donnell 05/19/17 Duration: 11:35 save Watergate lawyer: Obstruction of justice... info Watergate lawyer: Obstruction of justice... James Comey will testify before the Senate Intel Committee after Memorial Day. And a W.H. official is a "significant person of interest" in the Russia probe. Nicholas Kristof, Michael Isikoff, and Jill Wine-Banks join Lawrence O'Donnell. The Last Word with Lawrence O'Donnell 05/19/17 Duration: 16:09 save Comey firing story contains contradiction info Comey firing story contains contradiction Rachel Maddow shows how a request for more resources preceding James Comey's firing was widely reported in the media but is adamantly denied by the Department of Justice - an irreconcilable contradiction. The Rachel Maddow Show 05/19/17 Duration: 5:14 save Flynn inquiry calls for espionage expertise info Flynn inquiry calls for espionage expertise Barbara McQuade, former U.S. attorney, talks with Rachel Maddow about what is means to be an espionage prosecutor and why one might be assigned to the the case of disgraced Donald Trump NSA Mike Flynn. The Rachel Maddow Show 05/19/17 Duration: 4:00 save Espionage prosecutor leads Mike Flynn case info Espionage prosecutor leads Mike Flynn case Rachel Maddow looks at some of the background of Brandon Van Grak, the veteran Justice Department prosecutor who specializes in espionage and now reportedly leads the grand jury inquiry into disgraced Trump NSA Michael Flynn. The Rachel Maddow Show 05/19/17 Duration: 2:38 save Is the special counsel vulnerable to Trump? info Is the special counsel vulnerable to Trump? Neal Katyal, former US acting solicitor general who helped draft the special counsel regulations, talks with Rachel Maddow about the ways in which Donald Trump might seek to undermine or eliminate the Trump-Russia special investigation. The Rachel Maddow Show 05/19/17 Duration: 6:13 save How might Trump try to end the investigation? info How might Trump try to end the investigation? Rachel Maddow looks at some ways by which Donald Trump could try to get in the way of the Trump-Russia special investigation or eliminate it entirely. The Rachel Maddow Show 05/19/17 Duration: 7:01 save Trump-Russia probe turns to White House aide info Trump-Russia probe turns to White House aide Devlin Barrett, national security reporter for The Washington Post, talks with Rachel Maddow on another busy news day about new reporting that the Trump-Russia investigation has moved to a White House adviser close to Donald Trump. The Rachel Maddow Show 05/19/17 Duration: 19:13 save Comey Agrees to Testify in Open Senate... info Comey Agrees to Testify in Open Senate... Former FBI Director James Comey will testify before the Senate Intelligence Committee after Memorial Day. For the Record with Greta 05/19/17 Duration: 4:03 save DNC Chair Perez Against Lieberman for FBI... info DNC Chair Perez Against Lieberman for FBI... "We don't need politicians," said DNC Chair Tom Perez when asked about whether he supported Joe Lieberman becoming the new FBI Director. MSNBC Live 05/19/17 Duration: 4:40 save Rep. Maxine Waters: Rosenstein Briefing a... info Rep. Maxine Waters: Rosenstein Briefing a... Rep. Maxine Waters gives Katy Tur an inside look at Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein's meeting with the House and Senate. MSNBC Live 05/19/17 Duration: 8:08 save Trump reportedly wants Mike Flynn back in... info Trump reportedly wants Mike Flynn back in... Spicer is out? Trump wants Flynn back? Mike Pence is being kept out of the loop? MSNBC's Brian Williams looks a the flurry of White House reports with Ali Velshi & Matthew Nussbaum. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 05/18/17 Duration: 4:59 save Is it time for Donald Trump to lawyer up? info Is it time for Donald Trump to lawyer up? With a special counsel now over the FBI's Russia probe, is it time for the president to turn to his own lawyers? Fmr. Clinton attorney Bob Bennett & fmr. DOJ Spokesman Matt Miller react. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 05/18/17 Duration: 9:09 save Report: Comey tried to blend in with W.H.... info Report: Comey tried to blend in with W.H.... A New York Times report about Comey's unease with Pres. Trump states that Comey tried to use a blue suit and stand in front of the curtains in the Blue Room to avoid Trump in January. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 05/18/17 Duration: 1:02 save Report: More memos detail Comey's unease... info Report: More memos detail Comey's unease... The New York Times confirms the existence of multiple memos written by fired FBI boss James Comey as the president calls the Russia investigation a 'witch hunt.' Our political panel reacts. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 05/18/17 Duration: 11:07 save Why Trump keeps contact with investigation... info Why Trump keeps contact with investigation... Fmr. Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort and fired National Security Advisor Michael Flynn are reportedly targets of the Russia investigation – so why does Trump want to maintain contact with them both? Indira Lakshmanan and Ken Vogel join Lawrence O... The Last Word with Lawrence O'Donnell 05/18/17 Duration: 7:45 save Politics Hillary practiced how to avoid Trump hug info Hillary practiced how to avoid Trump hug Video evidence emerged today of Hillary Clinton practicing how to avoid an unwanted hug from Donald Trump in front of the cameras at their first debate. All In with Chris Hayes 05/19/17 Duration: 1:35 save Why Trump keeps contact with investigation... info Why Trump keeps contact with investigation... Fmr. Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort and fired National Security Advisor Michael Flynn are reportedly targets of the Russia investigation – so why does Trump want to maintain contact with them both? Indira Lakshmanan and Ken Vogel join Lawrence O... The Last Word with Lawrence O'Donnell 05/18/17 Duration: 7:45 save New light on Trump camp Russian contacts info New light on Trump camp Russian contacts Jonathan Landay, D.C. national security correspondent for Reuters, talks with Rachel Maddow about his new reporting into at least 18 contacts between members of the Trump campaign and Russians. The Rachel Maddow Show 05/18/17 Duration: 6:28 save False denials from Pence continue to stack up info False denials from Pence continue to stack up Rachel Maddow looks at the many times Mike Pence has denied something about the Donald Trump team only to be proven wrong by further reporting, leaving Pence with a lot of explaining to do. The Rachel Maddow Show 05/18/17 Duration: 18:29 save Top GOPer speculates about Putin paying Trump info Top GOPer speculates about Putin paying Trump Rachel Maddow shares a late breaking Washington Post story about House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy telling colleagues he thinks Russian President Vladimir Putin is paying Donald Trump. The Rachel Maddow Show 05/17/17 Duration: 2:43 save GOP Rep. Lance: I can be a check on Trump info GOP Rep. Lance: I can be a check on Trump Republican Rep. Leonard Lance says we need to get to the truth about the Trump campaign and Russia - whatever it may be. All In with Chris Hayes 05/17/17 Duration: 4:59 save Sen. Wyden: 'This is a pretty grim situation' info Sen. Wyden: 'This is a pretty grim situation' The Democratic senator reacts to the appointment of a special counsel to investigate potential links between President Trump's campaign and Russia. All In with Chris Hayes 05/17/17 Duration: 4:24 save Subpoena issued regarding Trump associate info Subpoena issued regarding Trump associate Rachel Maddow reports exclusive breaking news that NBC News has learned that federal investigators have subpoenaed records related to a $3.5 million dollar loan taken out by former Donald Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort last year. The Rachel Maddow Show 05/16/17 Duration: 10:02 save FLASHBACK: Candidate Trump blasted Clinton... info FLASHBACK: Candidate Trump blasted Clinton... Repeatedly during the 2016 campaign, candidate Donald Trump took Hillary Clinton to task over how she handled classified information. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 05/15/17 Duration: 1:10 save Candidate Trump bashed Clinton's handing... info Candidate Trump bashed Clinton's handing... Over & over again, Trump went after Hillary Clinton during the 2016 for her handling of classified information. So how do we view that in light of reports he allegedly share info with Russians? The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 05/15/17 Duration: 5:45 save Playing the fake news card! (With friends) info Playing the fake news card! (With friends) There's a new card game that tests your ability to separate fact from fiction from sheer insanity. Can you identify if these election quotes are real news or fake news? Weekends with Alex Witt 05/14/17 Duration: 4:20 save Fmr. DNI Clapper clarifies White House... info Fmr. DNI Clapper clarifies White House... MSNBC's Brian Williams shares the news that James Clapper doesn't exactly agree with the White House version of his comments and the latest news about Paul Manafort and the Russia investigation. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 05/12/17 Duration: 5:50 save Swalwell: Sessions obviously not recused info Swalwell: Sessions obviously not recused Rep. Eric Swalwell, member of the House Intelligence Committee, talks with Rachel Maddow about the challenge of getting an honest investigation into Donald Trump's ties to Russia and interference in the 2016 election. The Rachel Maddow Show 05/11/17 Duration: 5:56 save DoJ mum on if Sessions is recused on Manafort info DoJ mum on if Sessions is recused on Manafort Rachel Maddow reports that contrary to popular belief, former Donald Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort has not registered as a foreign agent, and the DoJ won't say if A.G. Jeff Sessions is recused on Manafort matters. The Rachel Maddow Show 05/11/17 Duration: 22:14 save Carter Page: I regularly briefed CIA, FBI info Carter Page: I regularly briefed CIA, FBI Former Trump campaign foreign policy advisor Carter Page tells Chris Hayes that over the years, from time to time, he has been consulted by the CIA and FBI for his Russia expertise. All In with Chris Hayes 05/11/17 Duration: 1:09 save Carter Page responds to Comey firing info Carter Page responds to Comey firing Former Trump campaign foreign policy advisor Carter Page is celebrating the firing of FBI director James Comey. All In with Chris Hayes 05/11/17 Duration: 7:46 save New FBI director McCabe has serious conflict info New FBI director McCabe has serious conflict Rachel Maddow reviews how new Acting Director of the FBI, Andrew McCabe, improperly discussed the investigation into the Trump Camp's ties to Russia with Reince Priebus and became part of the Trump disinformation campaign. The Rachel Maddow Show 05/10/17 Duration: 20:06 save Rep. Jackie Speier: Comey firing is a... info Rep. Jackie Speier: Comey firing is a... Saying Pres. Trump has gone 'one step way too far,' House Intelligence Committee member Rep. Jackie Speier (D-CA) joins MSNBC's Brian Williams to discuss Trump firing FBI Director Comey. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 05/09/17 Duration: 3:26 save Fmr. DOJ Spox: WH trampling on FBI's... info Fmr. DOJ Spox: WH trampling on FBI's... Matthew Miller, a fmr. Justice Department spokesman, joins MSNBC's Brian Williams to speak about how Trump's firing of Comey puts the FBI's independence as an investigative entity at risk. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 05/09/17 Duration: 2:59 save Jeremy Bash: Trump is attacking the rule... info Jeremy Bash: Trump is attacking the rule... Joining MSNBC's Brian Williams to discuss the firing of FBI Director James Comey, former CIA Chief of Staff Jeremy Bash issues a warning about what the firing of Comey really means. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 05/09/17 Duration: 1:09 save The Trump Equation The Trump Equation: Shock and Awe in a... info The Trump Equation: Shock and Awe in a... Watch part 1 of The Trump Equation with Jacob Soboroff. MSNBC Live 01/24/17 Duration: 7:55 save The Trump Equation: Maybe It Was the Economy info The Trump Equation: Maybe It Was the Economy Watch part 2 of The Trump Equation with Jacob Soboroff. MSNBC Live 01/24/17 Duration: 8:22 save The Trump Equation: Minorities for Trump? info The Trump Equation: Minorities for Trump? Watch part 3 of The Trump Equation with Jacob Soboroff. MSNBC Live 01/24/17 Duration: 6:41 save The Trump Equation: In the Battleground... info The Trump Equation: In the Battleground... Watch part 4 of The Trump Equation with Jacob Soboroff. MSNBC Live 01/24/17 Duration: 10:28 save The Trump Equation: Millennials info The Trump Equation: Millennials Watch part 5 of The Trump Equation with Jacob Soboroff. MSNBC Live 01/24/17 Duration: 4:56 save The Trump Equation: Now What? info The Trump Equation: Now What? Watch part 6 of The Trump Equation with Jacob Soboroff. MSNBC Live 01/24/17 Duration: 6:11 save Morning Joe Joe: ‘The truth doesn’t matter to Donald... info Joe: ‘The truth doesn’t matter to Donald... Joe Scarborough says reality doesn’t seem to matter to the White House but that could soon change with the appointment of Robert Mueller as Special Counsel. Morning Joe 05/19/17 Duration: 5:17 save Joe reveals his call with President Trump info Joe reveals his call with President Trump Joe Scarborough shares a story about a phone call he received from President Trump just days after the inauguration and what he told the new Commander-in-Chief. Morning Joe 05/19/17 Duration: 4:24 save Report: President Trump tells Michael... info Report: President Trump tells Michael... Michael Isikoff of Yahoo News says the former National Security Advisor was in contact with President Trump long after he was fired from his White House position. Morning Joe 05/19/17 Duration: 4:51 save Culture clash: President Trump and James... info Culture clash: President Trump and James... New York Times reporter Michael Schmidt details his new front-page story on the former FBI Director’s discomfort with President Trump’s repeated inquiries about the investigation into Russia. Morning Joe 05/19/17 Duration: 7:12 save Is Russia investigation becoming a... info Is Russia investigation becoming a... The Morning Joe Panel discuss deputy A.G. Rod Rosenstein’s briefing to the U.S. Senate and signs the federal inquiry is deepening. Morning Joe 05/19/17 Duration: 4:21 save Former Fox News Chief Roger Ailes dead at 77 info Former Fox News Chief Roger Ailes dead at 77 The Morning Joe panel discusses the sudden passing of the longtime news executive. Morning Joe 05/18/17 Duration: 3:35 save Sen. John McCain on Trump, Russia, and DC... info Sen. John McCain on Trump, Russia, and DC... The Arizona republican endorses Joe Lieberman for FBI Director and says it would be a ‘nonstarter’ for the White House to ‘go to war’ with newly-named Special Counsel Robert Mueller. Morning Joe 05/18/17 Duration: 9:30 save Rep. Maxine Waters: ‘I believe it will... info Rep. Maxine Waters: ‘I believe it will... The California democrat says she believes there was collusion between the Trump team and Russia to develop strategies to ensure Hillary Clinton was not elected. Morning Joe 05/18/17 Duration: 9:06 save Sen. Susan Collins: Appearance of ‘total... info Sen. Susan Collins: Appearance of ‘total... The Maine republican, who sits on the Select Intelligence Committee, reacts to the new developments on the Russia investigation and whether there are parallels to Watergate. Morning Joe 05/18/17 Duration: 8:16 save Inside President Trump’s loyalty to... info Inside President Trump’s loyalty to... Joe: There were scores of people warning about the retired general, but President Trump and Jared Kushner wouldn’t listen. Morning Joe 05/18/17 Duration: 3:48 save Will Special Counsel get the resources he... info Will Special Counsel get the resources he... Member of the Foreign Relations committee, Senator Chris Murphy, says he’s concerned that Attorney General Jeff Sessions won’t give Robert Mueller the latitude to investigate. Morning Joe 05/18/17 Duration: 5:14 save Joe: There really is a new sheriff in town info Joe: There really is a new sheriff in town Ex-F.B.I. Director Robert Mueller appointed to take over the Department of Justice independent investigation into Russia. Morning Joe 05/18/17 Duration: 6:39 save Schiff on Comey memo: We need ‘hard evidence’ info Schiff on Comey memo: We need ‘hard evidence’ The top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, Rep. Adam Schiff, says he thinks it’s too soon to talk of impeachment after fired FBI Director James Comey’s memo about his meeting with Donald Trump was disclosed to the New York Times. Morning Joe 05/17/17 Duration: 6:55 save Law professor: This is thin soup for a... info Law professor: This is thin soup for a... George Washington University Law Professor Jonathan Turley explains why he believes there is not yet evidence proving Donald Trump committed obstruction of justice even though his behavior has been “wildly inappropriate”. Morning Joe 05/17/17 Duration: 6:23 save Watch the 5-month timeline of Donald Trump... info Watch the 5-month timeline of Donald Trump... Morning Joe breaks down 5 months of events in the Trump-Flynn-Russia investigation timeline, from Sally Yates' warning about Michael Flynn to the firing of FBI Director James Comey. Morning Joe 05/17/17 Duration: 4:50 save Did Trump try to influence the Flynn FBI... info Did Trump try to influence the Flynn FBI... Former Justice Department director Matthew Miller breaks down what’s needed to prove obstruction of justice. Morning Joe 05/17/17 Duration: 1:45 save Joe to Republicans: ‘Donald Trump is not... info Joe to Republicans: ‘Donald Trump is not... Joe Scarborough says Trump is sullying the reputations of career public servants and urges them to reconsider their unwavering support of the president. Morning Joe 05/17/17 Duration: 4:24 save Mika: This is a ‘defining moment’ in the... info Mika: This is a ‘defining moment’ in the... Joe and Mika discuss the bombshell allegation that Donald Trump asked James Comey to drop the Flynn investigation, according to a memo the former FBI director reportedly drafted. Morning Joe 05/17/17 Duration: 5:40 save Will GOP stand up to White House on Russia? info Will GOP stand up to White House on Russia? Joe and Mika ask Sen. Ben Sasse (R-NE) why more Republicans are not challenging President Trump on critical issues of national security. Morning Joe 05/16/17 Duration: 8:09 save Are U.S. allies under growing strain? info Are U.S. allies under growing strain? Canada’s foreign affairs minister Chrystia Freeland reacts to President Trump’s disclosure of highly classified information and his tough talk on trade. Morning Joe 05/16/17 Duration: 4:23 save Rachel Maddow Trump-Russia probe turns to White House aide info Trump-Russia probe turns to White House aide Devlin Barrett, national security reporter for The Washington Post, talks with Rachel Maddow on another busy news day about new reporting that the Trump-Russia investigation has moved to a White House adviser close to Donald Trump. The Rachel Maddow Show 05/19/17 Duration: 19:13 save How might Trump try to end the investigation? info How might Trump try to end the investigation? Rachel Maddow looks at some ways by which Donald Trump could try to get in the way of the Trump-Russia special investigation or eliminate it entirely. The Rachel Maddow Show 05/19/17 Duration: 7:01 save Is the special counsel vulnerable to Trump? info Is the special counsel vulnerable to Trump? Neal Katyal, former US acting solicitor general who helped draft the special counsel regulations, talks with Rachel Maddow about the ways in which Donald Trump might seek to undermine or eliminate the Trump-Russia special investigation. The Rachel Maddow Show 05/19/17 Duration: 6:13 save Espionage prosecutor leads Mike Flynn case info Espionage prosecutor leads Mike Flynn case Rachel Maddow looks at some of the background of Brandon Van Grak, the veteran Justice Department prosecutor who specializes in espionage and now reportedly leads the grand jury inquiry into disgraced Trump NSA Michael Flynn. The Rachel Maddow Show 05/19/17 Duration: 2:38 save Flynn inquiry calls for espionage expertise info Flynn inquiry calls for espionage expertise Barbara McQuade, former U.S. attorney, talks with Rachel Maddow about what is means to be an espionage prosecutor and why one might be assigned to the the case of disgraced Donald Trump NSA Mike Flynn. The Rachel Maddow Show 05/19/17 Duration: 4:00 save Comey firing story contains contradiction info Comey firing story contains contradiction Rachel Maddow shows how a request for more resources preceding James Comey's firing was widely reported in the media but is adamantly denied by the Department of Justice - an irreconcilable contradiction. The Rachel Maddow Show 05/19/17 Duration: 5:14 save Comey recounted pressure from Trump: NYT info Comey recounted pressure from Trump: NYT Michael Schmidt, reporter for The New York Times, talks with Rachel Maddow about his reporting on new details of the Trump administration putting inappropriate pressure on James Comey over investigations into the Trump campaign's ties to Russia. The Rachel Maddow Show 05/18/17 Duration: 10:19 save Reported Trump pressure on Comey improper info Reported Trump pressure on Comey improper Matt Miller, former Department of Justice spokesperson, talks with Rachel Maddow about the rules surrounding the kind of pressure Donald Trump is reported to have put on James Comey and the responsibility Comey had to report it. The Rachel Maddow Show 05/18/17 Duration: 4:48 save False denials from Pence continue to stack up info False denials from Pence continue to stack up Rachel Maddow looks at the many times Mike Pence has denied something about the Donald Trump team only to be proven wrong by further reporting, leaving Pence with a lot of explaining to do. The Rachel Maddow Show 05/18/17 Duration: 18:29 save New light on Trump camp Russian contacts info New light on Trump camp Russian contacts Jonathan Landay, D.C. national security correspondent for Reuters, talks with Rachel Maddow about his new reporting into at least 18 contacts between members of the Trump campaign and Russians. The Rachel Maddow Show 05/18/17 Duration: 6:28 save Trump firing of attorneys contrary to plan info Trump firing of attorneys contrary to plan Rachel Maddow reviews all of the reports and outward indications that the Donald Trump adminitration intended to keep existing attorneys general, at least temporarily, only to end up abruptly firing them all at once. The Rachel Maddow Show 05/18/17 Duration: 2:59 save Trump baffles attorneys with sudden firing info Trump baffles attorneys with sudden firing Paul Fishman, former U.S. attorney, talks with Rachel Maddow about the unexpectedly abrupt nature of the Donald Trump administration's firing of all of the U.S. attorneys. The Rachel Maddow Show 05/18/17 Duration: 4:20 save Special counsel named in Trump-Russia probe info Special counsel named in Trump-Russia probe Rachel Maddow reports on the history of the special counsel rule and the appointment today of former FBI Director Robert Mueller to be special counsel for the Trump-Russia investigation. The Rachel Maddow Show 05/17/17 Duration: 14:08 save New questions on Trump-Russia special counsel info New questions on Trump-Russia special counsel Sari Horwitz, Justice Department reporter for The Washington Post, talks with Rachel Maddow about new questions raised by the appointment of Robert Mueller as special counsel to the Trump-Russia investigation. The Rachel Maddow Show 05/18/17 Duration: 9:43 save Schiff confident in Special Counsel Mueller info Schiff confident in Special Counsel Mueller Congressman Adam Schiff, ranking member of the House Intelligence Committee, talks with Rachel Maddow about how he feels about Robert Mueller as special counsel in the Trump-Russia investigation and what will happen to the Trump investigations in... The Rachel Maddow Show 05/17/17 Duration: 6:09 save Mueller reputation helps Trump-Russia probe info Mueller reputation helps Trump-Russia probe Tim Weiner, author of "Enemies, A History of the FBI," talks with Rachel Maddow about Robert Mueller's reputation and legacy as Director of the FBI, and the integrity he brings to the Trump-Russia investigation as special counsel. The Rachel Maddow Show 05/17/17 Duration: 6:35 save Special counsel suits Trump-Russia probe well info Special counsel suits Trump-Russia probe well Neal Katyal, former U.S. Acting Solicitor General who helped draft the special counsel regulations, talks with Rachel Maddow about the parameters of Robert Mueller's role as special counsel to the Trump-Russia investigation. The Rachel Maddow Show 05/17/17 Duration: 5:35 save Trump team knew of Flynn investigation: NYT info Trump team knew of Flynn investigation: NYT Dan Rather, host of The Big Interview with Dan Rather on AXS TV, talks with Rachel Maddow about the investigations into Donald Trump and his associates and the breaking news that the Trump team knew that Mike Flynn was being investigated and appointed... The Rachel Maddow Show 05/17/17 Duration: 8:31 save Top GOPer speculates about Putin paying Trump info Top GOPer speculates about Putin paying Trump Rachel Maddow shares a late breaking Washington Post story about House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy telling colleagues he thinks Russian President Vladimir Putin is paying Donald Trump. The Rachel Maddow Show 05/17/17 Duration: 2:43 save Exclusive: Subpoena in Trump associate probe info Exclusive: Subpoena in Trump associate probe Rachel Maddow breaks exclusive news that a federal subpoena has been issued in the investigation of former Donald Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort. The Rachel Maddow Show 05/16/17 Duration: 2:06 save close facebook twitter google plus tumblr instagram rss Home Help Terms of Service Independent Programming Report Closed Captioning Episode Transcripts Privacy Policy Newsletters MSNBC Info Blog Careers AdChoices MSNBC Store NBCNews.com Today.com CNBC.com © NBC UNIVERSAL
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Microsoft's updated Surface Pro allegedly leaks ahead of event Spoiler alert: A leak provides an early glimpse of Microsoft's updated Surface Pro, but don't expect any major changes. By Jake Smith for iGeneration | May 20, 2017 -- 01:52 GMT (18:52 PDT) | Topic: Tablets VentureBeat/EvLeaks The updated version of the Surface Pro 4 has leaked ahead of Microsoft's press event on May 23 in Shanghai, China. VentureBeat's Evleaks posted press images of Microsoft's next tablet PC, and they reveal Microsoft isn't planning any massive changes to the Surface Pro lineup. The report accompanying the images didn't detail many specifics, other than what is likely Intel's seventh-generation chips used inside. A Microsoft spokesperson speaking to CNET said, "We have nothing to share at this time." Like the Surface Laptop, it looks like Microsoft is still shunning USB-C. An image showed a pen and keyboard that will be available optional accessories. The pen will be available in four colors. VentureBeat/EvLeaks Microsoft previously said it won't release a Surface Pro 5. According to VentureBeat, the updated version set to be unveiled on Tuesday could go simply by Surface Pro, with no number in sight. Microsoft didn't offer brand-new Surface Book or Surface Pro devices in calendar 2016. ZDNet will be covering Microsoft's press event on Tuesday, May 23 for the latest. As ZDNet's Mary Jo Foley previously reported, Microsoft has no plans to release an updated Surface Book during the event. Surface Pro 4 and Surface Book SEE FULL GALLERY 1 - 5 of 8 NEXT PREV Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Google Here are the best apps on Android, according to Google Mobility Amazon updates Kindle Fire 7 and Fire HD 8 tablets, including Alexa support Apple Report: Apple to discontinue iPad Mini Mobility Mozo accessories for Surface Pro, laptop, and Apple iPhone 7 Plus: hands-on × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos Sponsored Narratives About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Share 49 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-05-19 Andy Cohen Denies Phaedra Parks’ Claims That ‘RHOA’ Producers Planted Drugging Lie In Her Ear Entertainment 2017-05-19 Kelly Ripa Appalled By Ryan Seacrest’s Major On-Air Flub Fueling Feud Rumors Entertainment 2017-05-18 CW’s ‘Black Lightning’ First Trailer Has Just Been Released, A Retired Hero Goes Back To His Roots Entertainment 2017-05-18 Play ‘The Bachelorette Fantasy League’ Now For The Grand Prize, Who Will Rachel Lindsay Choose? News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-05-20 Trump Boasted To Russians That Firing ‘Nut Job’ Comey Lifted Russia Investigation Pressure On Him News 2017-05-19 Ex-FBI Director James Comey To Testify In Public Senate Hearing News 2017-05-19 Jared Kushner Investigation: Top W.H. Aide Reportedly ‘Person Of Interest’ In Quickly Expanding Russia Probe News 2017-05-19 Anthony Weiner Cries, Pleads Guilty, Deemed Sex Offender — Then Huma Abedin Slaps Him With Divorce [Opinion] Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Basketball 2017-05-20 Raptors Free Agency Rumors: Serge Ibaka Coming Back? [Opinion] Wrestling 2017-05-19 Vince McMahon Sees Two WWE Superstars As The Faces Of The Company Basketball 2017-05-19 NBA Trade Rumors: Atlanta Hawks’ Big Offer For Paul George, Lakers Deal For George Just A Matter Of Time? Wrestling 2017-05-19 Goldust Explains ‘WWE Raw’ Heel Turn On R-Truth Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-05-19 Dunkin’ Donuts Gives Away Free Frozen Coffee Samples Today, And ‘Freeze The Day With $1K’ Giveaway Ends Today Lifestyle 2017-05-18 Slurpee ‘Bring Your Own Cup Day’ Returns To 7-Eleven For 2017, What You Need To Know About #BYOCUPDAY Lifestyle 2017-05-15 5 Lessons In Running A Successful Business, According To Kylie Jenner Lifestyle 2017-05-11 Today Is National Eat What You Want Day! Here’s How To Score Free Food Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-05-19 Warning About Faulty Lead Testing In Children And Mothers Since 2014 Health 2017-05-18 Caffeine Overdose Kills South Carolina Teen: How Much Caffeine Is Too Much? Health 2017-05-16 Deadly Hepatitis C Virus Is On The Rise In America Health 2017-05-16 Beware The ‘Caffeine Overdose’: Energy Drinks Kill Healthy South Carolina Teen, How Dangerous Is Caffeine? Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-05-19 So You Want To Play ‘Dungeons & Dragons’? Gaming 2017-05-19 ‘Stranger Things’ Caleb McLaughlin On ‘Destiny 2’ And His Ideal Avatar Technology 2017-05-19 Wannacrypt, WannaCry Ransomware Virus Decrypted By French Researchers Using Wanakiwi, No Ransom Science 2017-05-19 Climate Change Effects: Antarctica Could Get Forested, Thanks To Global Warming BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-05-19 Hillary Clinton Practiced Ducking Trump’s Hugs In Viral Video Of Awkward Moves [Opinion] BuzzWorthy 2017-05-19 Marijuana Breathalyzer: Washington State University Looking For Volunteers To Smoke Pot BuzzWorthy 2017-05-19 Florida Man Says Girlfriend Choked To Death On His Penis During Oral Sex, Wants To Show Jury Sex Organ BuzzWorthy 2017-05-19 Melania Wears Reddish-Orange Leather Skirt, White Shirt As She Boards Marine One With President Trump [Photos] SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Ex-FBI Director James Comey To Testify In Public Senate Hearing News 49 0 0 May 19, 2017 Ex-FBI Director James Comey To Testify In Public Senate Hearing Brian Waite Former FBI Director James Comey has agreed to testify in an open session before the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, according to Committee Chairman Senator Richard Burr and Committee Vice Chairman Senator Mark Warner. The hearing, which will focus on Comey’s role in the investigation into the alleged ties between President Donald Trump’s election campaign and Russian operatives, will be scheduled sometime after the upcoming Memorial Day weekend. “The Committee looks forward to receiving testimony from the former Director on his role in the development of the Intelligence Community Assessment on Russian interference in the 2016 US elections,” Senator Burr commented in a joint statement with Senator Warner, “and I am hopeful that he will clarify for the American people recent events that have been broadly reported in the media.” This comes on the heels of Comey’s recent unexpected dismissal as FBI director by President Trump, which raised a lot of eyebrows in the government and the media, and the ethics of Trump’s decision has been widely questioned by the public. In the 24 hours following the firing, there were close to 2.7 million mentions about Comey on Twitter, and since then there have only been more questions as new twists in the situation are being reported almost daily. Joint statement with @SenatorBurr: Former FBI Director Comey Agrees to Testify in Open Session at Senate Intel Committee pic.twitter.com/w3eBVAEUfV — Mark Warner (@MarkWarner) May 19, 2017 The initial reports were that Trump’s decision came as a result of a recommendation by Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein and that it was because of Comey’s handling of the investigation into Hillary Clinton’s scandal regarding the homebrew email server that she used while she was secretary of state under Barack Obama. However, in an interview two days later with NBC’s Lester Holt, President Trump stated that he was already planning to fire Comey regardless of any recommendation due to the Russia investigation. Following that admission, an internal FBI memo surfaced written by Comey after a February meeting with Trump, in which he documented a request from President Trump. According to Comey’s memo, the president had made his feelings known on the investigation into former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn regarding his own ties to Russia. In his memo, Comey allegedly documented an instance after a meeting he had with President Trump, Vice President Mike Pence, and Attorney General Jeff Sessions. Trump reportedly asked Pence and Sessions to leave the room and then approached Comey with his request. Many are eagerly awaiting the testimony from former FBI Director James Comey [Image by J. Scott Applewhite/AP Images] “I hope you can see your way clear to letting this go, to letting Flynn go,” Comey quoted Trump in his memo. “He is a good guy. I hope you can let this go.” As more troubling details come out about Comey’s termination as FBI director, the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence is looking forward to clearing up some of the speculation and finding some real answers, according to Senator Warner in the joint statement from Committee Chairs. “I hope that former Director Comey’s testimony will help answer some of the questions that have arisen since Director Comey was so suddenly dismissed by the President. I also expect that Director Comey will be able to shed light on issues critical to this Committee’s investigation of Russian interference in the 2016 election. Director Comey served his country with honor for many years, and he deserves an opportunity to tell his story. Moreover, the American people deserve to hear it.” Comey’s commitment to testify before the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence is not unexpected, despite what many believed to be a thinly veiled threat about taped conversations from President Trump via Twitter. When the Committee invited him to speak in a closed-door session, Comey declined, but he made it very clear that he wants to testify. His one condition was that he would only speak before the public in an open hearing. James Comey better hope that there are no "tapes" of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 12, 2017 Following additional calls from several members of Congress for Comey to testify, Comey reiterated his willingness, but until now there was no official commitment. With the appointment of Robert Mueller by the U.S. Justice Department as special counsel to lead the Russian investigation, the unfolding drama is showing no signs of slowing down. Certainly, millions of people will be eagerly awaiting the upcoming public hearing and the testimony from the former FBI director. [Featured Image by Carolyn Kaster/AP Images] Now Watch This: Pope Francis And Donald Trump Kissing In Mural Outside The Vatican Now Read This: Trump Boasted To Russians That Firing ‘Nut Job’ Comey Lifted Russia Investigation Pressure On Him Share 49 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Contributor Brian Waite Tags: comey, election, FBI, hearing May 19, 2017 Duggar Sisters’ Lawsuit ‘Misguided,’ Seeking Money, Says City Of Springdale May 18, 2017 Jeremy Vuolo: Duggar-In-Law Derides Catholic Church, Says It ‘Defiled The Term Saint’ Comments LATEST HEADLINES Katy Perry, Nicki Minaj Try — And Fail — To Decimate Taylor Swift In Lackluster ‘Swish Swish’ NASA Detects Artificial Barrier Around Earth, A Shield That Protects Planet From Solar Flares Cara Delevingne Wants To Direct, Just Like Her New Role Model Raptors Free Agency Rumors: Serge Ibaka Coming Back? [Opinion] Trump Boasted To Russians That Firing ‘Nut Job’ Comey Lifted Russia Investigation Pressure On Him When Is Anna Duggar’s Due Date? Duggars Remain Mum About Upcoming Birth Saudi Arabia Addresses Melania Trump Headscarf Speculations Andy Cohen Denies Phaedra Parks’ Claims That ‘RHOA’ Producers Planted Drugging Lie In Her Ear ‘The 100’ Season 4 Spoilers: Lindsey Morgan Teases Stressful, Non-Stop Episode, Fans Will ‘Get Sweaty’ Demi Lovato Gushes With Pride For Miley Cyrus And Teases A New Album Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Trending Stories Impeach Donald Trump Now, Say Nearly Half Of American Voters In New Poll 36k 0 0 Disney Announces Huge Partnership With LuLaRoe For Official Disney-Themed Line Of Leggings And More Collection 18.6k 0 0 Kourtney Kardashian Celebrated Mother’s Day By Getting Totally Naked Again 16k 0 0 Does Donald Trump Want To Be Impeached? It’s Shaping Up To Look That Way [Opinion] 8.8k 0 0 Sony ‘Playman’ a.k.a. PlayStation ‘Switch’ Could Be The End Of Nintendo’s Console, Concept Design Teased 7.9k 0 0 Jared Kushner Investigation: Top W.H. Aide Reportedly ‘Person Of Interest’ In Quickly Expanding Russia Probe 7.3k 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr.
× Get WND's mobile app for free. Simply tap the button below, and choose "Add to Home Screen" The mobile shortcut will then be added as an icon on your home screen. Press your menu button and find the option to bookmark this page (a star icon for some browsers). Then choose the option to add this bookmark to your home screen. APP Frontpage   |  Subscribe   |  ADVERTISE WITH US Follow Frontpage Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education WND TV WND TV Exclusive The Underground IT'S SUPERNATURAL! with Sid Roth The Glazov Gang Focus on Israel with Laurie Cardoza-Moore Survival Tips with Manny Edwards The Watchers Just The Facts with Richard Rives The Heavens Declare with David Rives Opinion Commentary Email to the Editor Cartoons Commentator Lineup Money Market Overview Sectors Stocks Mutual Funds & ETF's Currencies Diversions TV Guide MovieGuide Reviews Joke of the Day Superstore Books Video Magazines Desktop & Journals Home Bath & Body Accessories & Jewelry Health Preparedness Christmas Patriotic Homeschool Games & Puzzles Gift Wrap Donations THE SWAMP Soldier on, sir -- we've got your back! Exclusive: Larry Klayman excoriates GOP 'political pygmies' targeting own president Published: 8 hours ago Larry Klayman About | Email | Archive Larry Klayman is a former Justice Department prosecutor and the founder of Judicial Watch and Freedom Watch. His latest book is "Whores: Why and How I Came to Fight the Establishment." Follow Subscribe to feed Share on Facebook Share on Twitter ShareEmail  Print One has come to expect the worst from the vile, ultra-leftist, political hacks in the Democratic Party. There has been no falsehood or cheap, low-class tactic that is beneath the Nancy Pelosis, Chuck Schumers, or Elizabeth Warrens in this bankrupt political tribe. So when they, along with their leftist hacks in the media, the prime time “boys” of CNN, the prime time “girls” and communists of MSNBC and the slimy reporters (with the exception of a few) of the Washington Post, New York Times and Los Angeles Times set out to destroy Donald Trump after he won the White House on Nov. 8 of last year, it came as no surprise to anyone with an IQ over 50. But what has proven to be even more disgusting are the “Brutuses” in the establishment wing of the Republican Party: the jealous, hateful and at this point senile John McCain, the childlike, two-faced House Speaker Paul Ryan and the moronic media whore House Oversight Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz, all of whom, along with other hacks like intellectually challenged Senate Intel Committee Chairman Richard Burr, have literally stabbed their own president in the back. While President Trump is not the modern-day Caesar, his presence commands deceit and disloyalty among those who covet the opportunity to run on the Republican ticket for president in 2020. To have this chance, they have to collaborate with the modern-day National Socialists in the Democratic Party to destroy our president. These political pygmies could have had a field day had they slithered around Paris during the reign of Vichy France in World War II. As for Chaffetz, perhaps the biggest buffoon and hack of all – a man who as House Oversight Committee chairman covered up a bona fide investigation into the causes of the Extortion 17 tragedy, when 30 servicemen and 22 special ops forces, including SEAL Team VI, died in the largest loss of life during the war in Afghanistan not coincidentally three months after the death of Osama bin Laden – now that he and the rest of the Republican establishment traitors have succeeded in getting President Trump embroiled in a criminal special counsel investigation, he has chosen to hasten his previously announced and likely scandal-induced departure from Congress and the House Oversight Committee chairmanship. He is now reported to be taking a position as political commentator on Fox News. Realizing that his thunder was about to be snatched by special counsel and former FBI Director Robert Mueller – as Chaffetz wanted to be the one to collaborate with Ranking Minority Rep. Elijah Cummings to spearhead the takedown of The Donald in committee hearings – his future ambitions are better served as political commentator. See video of my take on Chaffetz move: It is clear now that little if anything will be achieved in the corrupt bowels of Congress by way of new legislation, thanks to the likes of these Republican and Democratic Party establishment politicians. Ironically, that may be good. Who needs more laws? We already have too many. And, why bother fixing and reforming Obamacare? Let it die on the leftist vine, as the president will just be blamed for any new law that will not, by economic necessity, be able to cover all Americans. Save for tax reform, nothing is worth doing in Congress. Instead, the president should continue to use his executive powers, in a legal non-Obama way, to pursue his domestic and foreign policy objectives and those for which the American people voted. In the foreign sphere in particular, with the prospect of nuclear war with North Korea and the Islamic Republic of Iran, Trump’s ability to protect the nation and shape our future remains large. I would also urge the president to bear down in quickly appointing federal judges who respect the rule of law and the Constitution, and Freedom Watch’s Judicial Selection Strike Force Coalition will work with him in this regard to identify and have confirmed honest and independent jurists. See www.judicialselectionstrikeforce.org. Currently, about 70-80 percent of the judges now sitting on the federal bench are, with a few exceptions, the generally leftist and intellectually dishonest appointees of former Presidents Clinton and Obama. If the leftist ideological mix on the federal bench is not diluted, the president will continue to lose legal challenges by the likes of the American Civil Liberties Union in judicial circuits such the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit. Fortunately, there are over 100 judicial vacancies in the lower federal courts that need to be quickly filled. In short, while the vile, leftist Democrat Party and its henchmen in the media, coupled with the “Brutuses” in the Republican establishment, continue to sharpen their knives to kill the Trump presidency and have him removed from office, The Donald simply needs to don his gladiator helmet and spear, keep his head down, soldier on and refuse to leave the Colosseum until his opponents are legally slaughtered. In this regard, he will not only have the support of yours truly, but that segment of the citizenry who voted him into power, knowing full well that that he would be under attack and have to then fight for his and our lives. The Trump presidency is the nation’s last chance to be made great again, if not survive at all. If you think the last president, one Barack Hussein Obama – had his policies and actions been furthered under a President Hillary Clinton – was a real threat to the vision and creation of our Founding Fathers, the republic’s future beyond an unsuccessful Trump presidency will likely be “hell on leftist earth.” See Extortion 17 whistleblower’s video: Media wishing to interview Larry Klayman, please contact media@wnd.com. Receive Larry Klayman's commentaries in your email BONUS: By signing up for Larry Klayman's alerts, you will also be signed up for news and special offers from WND via email. Name* First Last Email* Where we will email your daily updates Postal code* A valid zip code or postal code is required Click the button below to sign up for Larry Klayman's commentaries by email, and keep up to date with special offers from WND. You may change your email preferences at any time. Click here for reuse options! Share on Facebook Share on Twitter ShareEmail  Print Follow WND On Facebook: Twitter:Follow @worldnetdaily Contribute Contact Us Send a Link Send Corrections Send a Tip Send Photos/Videos Send comments Note: Read our discussion guidelines before commenting. WND Exclusive Commentary BETWEEN THE LINES Joseph Farah What about Jesus' command to eat His flesh? Real America Patrice Lewis What happens when beauty meets brains MAKING POLITICS PERSONAL Carl Jackson Mr. President, be content with your base's adoration THE SWAMP Larry Klayman Soldier on, sir -- we've got your back! 'WIRETAPPING' US ALL Craige McMillan There will be an impeachment -- but not of Trump More Commentary » Deal of the Day Farah blockbuster: 'The Restitution of All Things' – $4.95 today! WND founder's 'masterpiece' on 'Israel, Christians, and the End of the Age' Trial / Monthly / ANNUAL Subscribe / Gift / Renew sections WND TV Commentary Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education Money Diversions features American Minute Cartoons Reviews Email to the Editor Petitions Joke of the Day resources About WND Advertising Commentator Lineup Donate to WND News Alerts G2 Bulletin WND Superstore WND Books Whistleblower column WND Weekly Who Reads Us Who's Who at WND WND History WND Scoops Mobile WND Contact WND Advertising Inquiries Corrections Email to the Editor News Tips Testimonials Questions © Copyright 1997-2017. All Rights Reserved. WND.com. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Desktop Site Mobile Site
SECTIONS Welcome Log in Subscribe Support Logout ← BACK TO ARTICLE LOG IN LOG OUT 49° Cloudy High: 78° | Low: 44° Ten Day Forecast Home News More in News Local & State Maine Crime Lost: A special report Nation & World Politics More in Politics Politics Gov. LePage Sports More in Sports High School Sports Varsity Maine Awards Red Sox College Sea Dogs Maine Red Claws Outdoors Community More in Community Celebrations Opinion More in Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Lifestyle More in Lifestyle Source Food Books Things to Do MaineToday.com Sudoku Crossword Real Estate More in Real Estate Home of the Week Design Local Offers More in Local Offers test Obituaries Jobs Auto More in Auto New Cars Index Open Sign in or Subscribe. See Offers Nation & World Posted Yesterday at 3:33 PM Updated May 19 increase font size White House official a person of interest in Russia probe, say sources familiar with case Law enforcement has identified someone close to President Trump, multiple sources say as the investigation reaches the highest levels of government. By Devlin Barrett and Matt ZapotoskyThe Washington Post Share Comment Read Article A senior adviser to President Trump, who left Friday with first lady Melania Trump on his first foreign trip, is under scrutiny by investigators looking for possible ties to Russia, according to multiple people familiar with the case. Associated Press/Susan Walsh WASHINGTON — The law enforcement investigation into possible coordination between Russia and the Trump presidential campaign has identified a current White House official as a significant person of interest, showing that the probe is reaching into the highest levels of government, according to people familiar with the matter. The senior White House adviser under scrutiny by investigators is someone close to the president, according to those people, who would not further identify the official. The revelation comes as the investigation appears to be entering a more overtly active phase, with investigators shifting from work that has remained largely hidden from the public to conducting interviews and using a grand jury to issue subpoenas. The intensity of the probe is expected to accelerate in the coming weeks, the people said. The sources emphasized that investigators remain keenly interested in people who previously wielded influence in the Trump campaign and administration but are no longer part of it, including former national security adviser Michael Flynn and former campaign chairman Paul Manafort. Flynn resigned in February after disclosures that he had lied to administration officials about his contacts with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak. Current administration officials who have acknowledged contacts with Russian officials include President Donald Trump’s son-in-law, Jared Kushner, as well as Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. People familiar with the investigation said the intensifying effort does not mean that criminal charges are near, or that any such charges will result. Earlier this week, Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein appointed former FBI director Robert Mueller III to serve as special counsel and lead the investigation into Russian meddling. It is unclear exactly how Mueller’s leadership will affect the direction of the probe, and he is already bringing in new people to work on the team. Those familiar with the case said its significance had increased before Mueller’s appointment. Although the case began quietly last July as an effort to determine whether any Trump associates coordinated with Russian operatives to meddle in the presidential election campaign, the investigative work now being done by the FBI also includes determining whether any financial crimes were committed by people close to the president. The people familiar with the matter said the probe has sharpened into something more fraught for the White House, the FBI and the Justice Department – particularly because of the public steps investigators know they now need to take, the people said. When subpoenas are issued or interviews are requested, it is possible the people being asked to talk or provide documents will reveal publicly what they were asked about. A small group of lawmakers known as the Gang of Eight was notified of the change in tempo and focus in the investigation at a classified briefing Wednesday evening, the people familiar with the matter said. Then-FBI Director James Comey publicly confirmed the existence of the investigation in March. Justice Department spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores said, “I can’t confirm or deny the existence or nonexistence of investigations or targets of investigations.” An FBI spokesman declined to comment. White House spokesman Sean Spicer said, “As the president has stated before, a thorough investigation will confirm that there was no collusion between the campaign and any foreign entity.” FOCUS ON RUSSIAN INFLUENCE While there has been a loud public debate in recent days over the question of whether the president might have attempted to obstruct justice in his private dealings with Comey, whom Trump fired last week, people familiar with the matter said investigators on the case are more focused on Russian influence operations and possible financial crimes. The FBI’s investigation seeks to determine whether and to what extent Trump associates were in contact with Kremlin operatives, what business dealings they might have had in Russia, and whether they in any way facilitated the hacking and publishing of emails from the Democratic National Committee and Hillary Clinton’s campaign chairman, John Podesta, during the presidential campaign. Several congressional committees are also investigating, though their probes could not produce criminal charges. A grand jury in Alexandria, Virginia, recently issued a subpoena for records related to Flynn’s business, the Flynn Intel Group, which was paid more than $500,000 by a company owned by a Turkish American businessman close to top Turkish officials, according to people familiar with the matter. The Flynn Intel Group was paid for research on Fethullah Gulen, a cleric who Turkey’s current president believes was responsible for a coup attempt last summer. Flynn retroactively registered with the Justice Department in March as a paid foreign agent for Turkish interests. Separately from the probe now run by Mueller, Flynn is being investigated by the Pentagon’s top watchdog for his foreign payments. Flynn also received $45,000 to appear in 2015 with Russian President Vladimir Putin at a dinner for RT, a Kremlin-controlled media organization. Flynn discussed U.S. sanctions against Russia with Russia’s ambassador to the United States during the month before Trump took office, and he withheld that fact from the vice president. That prompted then-acting attorney general Sally Yates to warn the White House’s top lawyer that Flynn might be susceptible to blackmail. Flynn stepped down after The Washington Post reported on the contents of the call. The president has nonetheless seemed to defend his former adviser. A memo by Comey alleged that Trump asked that the probe into Flynn be shut down. The White House also has acknowledged that Kushner met with Kislyak, the Russian ambassador to the United States, in late November. Kushner also has acknowledged that he met with the head of a Russian development bank, Vnesheconombank, which has been under U.S. sanctions since July 2014. The president’s son-in-law initially omitted contacts with foreign leaders from a national security questionnaire, though his lawyer has said publicly that he submitted the form prematurely and informed the FBI soon afterward that he would provide an update. Vnesheconombank handles development for the state, and in early 2015, a man purporting to be one of its New York-based employees was arrested and accused of being an unregistered spy. That man – Evgeny Buryakov – ultimately pleaded guilty and was eventually deported. He had been in contact with former Trump adviser Carter Page, though Page has said he shared only “basic immaterial information and publicly available research documents” with the Russian. Page was the subject of a secret warrant last year issued by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, based on suspicions he might have been acting as an agent of the Russian government, according to people familiar with the matter. Page has denied any wrongdoing, and accused the government of violating his civil rights. Share Read or Post Comments Were you interviewed for this story? If so, please fill out our accuracy form Send questions/comments to the editors. Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. More Like This Recent Read Shared Police respond to armed standoff in Belgrade, injury reported Athletes test themselves at Capital City Classic Local roundup: Cony girls lacrosse picks up win over Camden Hills Local roundup: Messalonskee softball beats Mt. Blue Substitute teacher charged with smuggling drugs into Maine Augusta physician's license suspended after allegations she self-prescribed narcotics Benton school not at risk as standoff with reportedly suicidal man ends peacefully Bus driver forgets 5-year-old boy on Gardiner bus Wife shoots husband outside Readfield home, police say Vassalboro boy, 5, dies after falling out of canoe in Outlet Stream Trapped by heroin: Lobster industry struggles with its deadly secret Eagle sickened after feeding on dead animal Feedback from Hallowell residents key to Fire Department vote Augusta physician's license suspended after allegations she self-prescribed narcotics Vassalboro boy, 5, dies after falling out of canoe in Outlet Stream Kennebec Journal KJ Morning Sentinel MS BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE Kennebec Journal Subscriptions Morning Sentinel Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Site Feedback Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a photo CONNECT e-Editions Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Special Sections Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Opinion Sports Obituaries NETWORK About MaineToday Portland Press Herald MaineToday.com Career Opportunities © 2017 MaineToday Media
CPUs GRAPHICS MOTHERBOARDS CASES & POWER STORAGE MOBILE GAMING FORUMS JOBS MORE... NEWS BREADBOX PODCASTS BLOGS SYSTEMS MULTIMEDIA MISCELLANY ARCHIVE ABOUT US Customize The Tech Report... Apply Cancel Log in | Register Most commented stories • Ryzen Threadripper CPUs will offer 16 cores and 32 threads [126] • Rumor: speedier Vega chip with 16GB of RAM hits CompuBench [77] • Windows 10 on ARM could run x86 apps seamlessly at native speed [46] • Ryzen Mobile APUs are coming to a laptop near you [44] Hot forum threads • SFF Zen 8c/16t system. • What cases and PSUs are you guys using? • 3D printers • PS4 Future Asus B250I Gaming brings ROG Strix bling at a lower price by Wayne Manion  3:08 PM on May 19, 2017 Not every gaming system needs an overclocked CPU and memory. Some folks just want to buy their chip of choice, pick up some inexpensive memory, and a graphics card and go on with their lives. Asus' ROG Strix B250I Gaming is designed for the gamer that wants the bling and blinkenlights of an enthusiast motherboard without paying for the extra hardware needed for CPU overclocking. To wit, the board sports the aesthetic features of Asus' other ROG Strix boards in a smaller size with a smaller price tag. Mini-ITX motherboards have limited expansion, so the only way to avoid a spaghetti mess of USB cables is to integrate critical features into the motherboard. The ROG Strix B250I Gaming has an integrated Intel Gigabit Ethernet NIC to go along with 802.11ac Wi-Fi and Bluetooth 4.1 radios of undisclosed provenance. Two storage devices can slip into the pair of M.2 slots, though if both slots are filled, only one of them can be a SATA device. One of the M.2 slots is mounted to the top of the PCH heatsink, and the other is on the back side of the motherboard. The board also sports Asus' "ROG SupremeFX" take on Realtek's S1220A audio codec. Four USB 3.0 ports and a pair of old-school USB 2.0 ports are provided if additional connectivity is required. As far as gamer-bling, the ROG Strix B250I Gaming has as much of that as one could expect for a motherboard so small. The board has multiple RGB LED illumination zones plus a 5050 LED header for connecting an RGB LED strip. All the blinkenlights are controlled via Asus' Aura Sync software. A pair of fan headers are provided, as is a separate header intended for use with an AIO water pump. The pair of full-size DDR4 DIMM slots can accept up to 32 GB of memory, but the XMP overclocking profiles of high-end stuff like Corsair's Dominator line would be wasted here. The only expansion port is a PCIe x16 slot, as is usual on mini-ITX motherboards. If that expansion slot is not occupied with a gaming graphics card, the ROG Strix B250I Gaming has a DisplayPort and an HDMI jack for the Skylake or Kaby Lake IGP. Asus says its ROG Strix B250I Gaming motherboard is shipping now, though we were unable to find it at any of our favorite e-tailers. The board will carry an MSRP of $110 when it does arrive in stores. Tags: Motherboards Log in | Register Tip: You can use the A/Z keys to walk threads. View options x Subscriber options: E-mail me when people reply to my comments Comment sorting order: Threaded, dynamic (default)New replies push comment threads to the top. Threaded, chronologicalComment threads started first appear at the top. Threaded, reverse-chronologicalComment threads started last appear at the top. Flat, chronologicalNo threading. Oldest comments shown first, bulletin-board style. Flat, reverse-chronologicalNo threading. Newest comments shown first. Processing... Saved! Loading... Support TR! Subscribe now. Read TR's System Guide powered by Newegg LATEST STUFF Lian-Li PC-O12WX puts graphics cards under glass 4 Asus B250I Gaming brings ROG Strix bling at a lower price 1 Lenovo Legion Y920 is a mobile gaming beast 12 Radeon 17.5.2 drivers boost Prey performance 5 Deals of the week: nice mobos, cheap RAM, and more 6 Synaptics shows how some fingerprint sensors can't be trusted 8 Amazon lights up new Fire tablets 8 WD Red drives will let you add storage 10TB at a time 35 No Dirty Dishes Day Shortbread 16 More stuff » TOP COMMENTS RephRayne Pool cleaners. Or possibly Lifeguards. +46 Chrispy_ You know what name was good? Zen. +44 Redocbew Feedback: Attempted to reproduce issue by tossing a random sample of people in t... +34 Kretschmer I recently built around a 7700K and 1080Ti with no regrets. Stable platforms, gu... +25 NEW GALLERY ITEMS More pictures » Copyright ©1999-2017 The Tech Report. All rights reserved. About us | Privacy policy | Mailing list | Mobile
Sections Advertising Marketing Content Social Commerce Sales Analytics Management Home Submit Follow Us Follow Ads Marketing Content Social Sales Analytics Mgmt More Events Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE MarTech Today One Cookie LiveRamp’s IdentityLink acts as centerpiece for new identity consortium Trending Story MailChimp’s email automations are now free to everyone Events Attend the MarTech conference Advertising Marketing Content Social Commerce Sales Analytics Management Events Home Martech: Marketing Stay marketing-savvy and tech-savvy. Get the latest in martech by subscribing to MarTech Today. The effect of Moore’s Law on behavioral marketing Even marketing isn't immune to Moore's Law. Columnist Brian Massey explains how Moore's Law has changed behavioral science, making it cheaper for marketers to create and use behavioral data than ever before. Brian Massey on May 18, 2017 at 10:21 am More In 2003, I wrote my first analytics package. I had the same problem all marketers had: I could do almost anything with digital marketing. I could easily create ads, pages and emails with any text, any font, any image. I could add video, animations, and even make aliens dance to sell car insurance. But how could I know which would work best for me? Big e-commerce sites had access to sophisticated analytics packages costing thousands of dollars a month. Not me. I was spending about a quarter of my time evolving the code I wrote. I eventually released it to SourceForge as Open Source Online Marketing, or OSOM. Then, in 2005, Google launched Google Analytics. Overnight, managing my analytics setup took just a fraction of my time. And it was free. This was my first experience of Moore’s Law in the world of behavioral data. Apparently, we can’t shake Moore’s Law, not even those of us in the marketing and advertising game. It is now cheaper to create and use behavioral data than it is not to. Quick grounding: Moore’s Law was originally defined in a 1965 paper by Gordon Moore, a co-founder of Fairchild Semiconductor and Intel. It states, roughly, that the number of transistors you could fit onto a silicon chip would double every two years. In the semiconductor world, this also meant the cost of electronics would drop by half. Moore was talking about microchips, but what about the devices that these chips power? In his new book, “Thank You for Being Late,” Thomas L. Friedman identifies several technologies that have ridden Moore’s Law, changing everything from wealth distribution to where we live — “we” being everyone on the globe. Think about the ready availability of inexpensive cloud storage. Think about the proliferation of sensors, many in our phones, that track epidemics or allow Waze to route us around traffic. Friedman presents evidence that 2007 was the year that all of these trends came together, creating a “supernova” of change and innovation. It’s now 2017, and marketing has not been left out of this radical shift. Moore’s Law effect on marketing technology We don’t have to look at Scott Brinker’s Marketing Technology Landscape to know that marketing departments are inundated with new technologies at an astounding rate, from 150 companies in 2011 to nearly 5,000 in 2017. (Click to enlarge.) I recently spoke with Joey Goldberg of Sticky, a company that offers eye-tracking and emotion-tracking services through the use of everyday webcams. What’s the amazing technology breakthrough that allows Sticky to track our eyes and measure our expressions without expensive infrared cameras? It’s the proliferation of HD-resolution cameras. The stock webcams shipped with most laptops are of such high quality that we can track the minute movements of a person’s eyes with them. In 2012, our agency, Conversion Sciences, did an eye-tracking study to see what kinds of video would be most effective on business websites. It required an expensive camera, some sophisticated software and a couple of weeks’ work compiling all of the results. We recruited 22 visitors to come to our facility, then spent two days watching them view our videos. The results were very helpful. Today, companies like Sticky can easily put 100 people in front of a video, an ad or a landing page in just a couple of days, delivering amazing reports right to our desktops. We don’t even have to leave our desks. Webcam technology followed Moore’s Law, and the marketing solutions followed suit. For a recent presentation, I documented nine kinds of behavioral studies a marketer could do building just one landing page, all at a low cost and without leaving their desk. These tests include AdWords data, email performance data, preference testing from sites like UsabilityHub, heatmap data from businesses like Crazy Egg and Hotjar, and AI-driven session recording from SessionCam. We are collecting qualitative data from the likes of Qualaroo and UserTesting. And we can’t forget the power of AB testing tools. Get used to it. This is my new mantra: It is now cheaper to create and use behavioral data than it is not to. The opportunity cost of websites, ads and email campaigns that return mediocre results is too high. Marketing has accelerated. The cost of “launch and see” is now higher than the cost of the tools and time needed to test campaigns during development. The opportunity cost of websites, ads and email campaigns that return mediocre results is too high. With inexpensive behavioral tools, we can now launch campaigns with confidence. The real boon in all of this is for business owners, product managers, product marketing managers and P&L (profit and loss) managers. No longer is this kind of data the strict domain of UX designers. We’ve used behavior data to determine the most profitable pricing mix for Automatic. We’ve used it to provide “redesign insurance” for companies like Wasp Barcode. We’ve used it to determine if using Amazon is as profitable as using a Shopify cart. These are the tools of what has been called “growth hacking.” But they are no longer mysterious tools of marketing research firms. They are now a part of every manager’s arsenal. Behavioral marketing is no longer someone else’s job. Big companies use big data to gain an advantage. Yet the quality of your data doesn’t determine the success of your business anymore. It is the quality of your questions — because we can now answer almost any question you have with behavioral science driven by Moore’s Law. Some opinions expressed in this article may be those of a guest author and not necessarily MarTech Today. Staff authors are listed here. About The Author Brian Massey Brian Massey is the Conversion Scientist at Conversion Sciences and author of Your Customer Creation Equation: Unexpected Website Forumulas of The Conversion Scientist. Conversion Sciences specializes in A/B Testing of websites. Follow Brian on Twitter @bmassey Popular Stories Using a social management platform: What you need to know From algorithms to advertising: 7 steps to introducing AI to marketing The future of B2B marketing: ABM and AI The power of location audiences: A buyer’s guide & scorecard Related Topics AnalyticsChannel: Martech: MarketingHow To Guides: Marketing AnalyticsHow To Guides: Marketing StrategyMartech Column Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook and Twitter. Attend Our Conferences Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: October 2-4, 2017: Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers Guide to Email Metrics & Benchmarks Top 10 Considerations When Selecting a Marketing Automation Platform The Account-Based Marketing Guide for Modern Marketers Lead Nurturing: Guide for Modern Marketers Digital Asset Management for Dummies See More Whitepapers Webinars Baby Come Back! How to Grow Customer Lifetime Value with People-Based Search Marketing Mobile Marketing vs. In-Store Sales: Help! What’s the Correlation? New RLSA Strategies for Search Marketers See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research Sign up for our daily newsletter Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Self-checkout Systems Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Self-checkout Systems -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 PUNE , MAHARASHTRA, INDIA, May 19, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Self-checkout Systems Industry Description Wiseguyreports.Com Adds “Self-checkout Systems -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022” To Its Research Database This report studies the Self-checkout Systems market status and outlook of global and United States, from angles of players, regions, product types and end industries; this report analyzes the top players in global and United States market, and splits the Self-checkout Systems market by product type and applications/end industries. The global Self-checkout Systems market is valued at XX million USD in 2016 and is expected to reach XX million USD by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. The Asia-Pacific will occupy for more market share in following years, especially in China, also fast growing India and Southeast Asia regions. North America, especially The United States, will still play an important role which cannot be ignored. Any changes from United States might affect the development trend of Self-checkout Systems. United States plays an important role in global market, with market size of xx million USD in 2016 and will be xx million USD in 2022, with a CAGR of XX. Request for Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1293909-2017-2022-self-checkout-systems-report-on-global-and-united-states Geographically, this report is segmented into several key regions, with sales, revenue, market share (%) and growth Rate (%) of Self-checkout Systems in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering United States North America Europe Asia-Pacific South America Middle East and Africa The major players in global and United States Self-checkout Systems market, including NCR, Diebold Nixdorf, Fujitsu, Toshiba Tec, ITAB Scanflow AB, ECR Software, Pan-Oston, IER, Computer Hardware Design, PCMS Group, Slabb, Datang Intel, Yzgo.com, Fuzhou Jiuzhu Technology Co., Ltd. The On the basis of product, the Self-checkout Systems market is primarily split into Compact Version Full Size Version Others On the basis on the end users/applications, this report covers Supermarkets Grocery Stores Movie Theater Ticket Station Food Services Others Leave a Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1293909-2017-2022-self-checkout-systems-report-on-global-and-united-states Table of Contents 2017-2022 Self-checkout Systems Report on Global and United States Market, Status and Forecast, by Players, Types and Applications 1 Methodology and Data Source 1.1 Methodology/Research Approach 1.1.1 Research Programs/Design 1.1.2 Market Size Estimation 1.1.3 Market Breakdown and Data Triangulation 1.2 Data Source 2.1.1 Secondary Sources 2.1.2 Primary Sources 1.3 Disclaimer 2 Self-checkout Systems Market Overview 2.1 Self-checkout Systems Product Overview 2.2 Self-checkout Systems Market Segment by Type 2.2.1 Compact Version 2.2.2 Full Size Version 2.2.3 Others …. 7 Self-checkout Systems Players/Manufacturers Profiles and Sales Data 7.1 NCR 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 7.1.2 Self-checkout Systems Product Category, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Product A 7.1.2.2 Product B 7.1.3 NCR Self-checkout Systems Sales (K Units), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Unit) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 Diebold Nixdorf 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 7.2.2 Self-checkout Systems Product Category, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Product A 7.2.2.2 Product B 7.2.3 Diebold Nixdorf Self-checkout Systems Sales (K Units), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Unit) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.3 Fujitsu 7.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 7.3.2 Self-checkout Systems Product Category, Application and Specification 7.3.2.1 Product A 7.3.2.2 Product B 7.3.3 Fujitsu Self-checkout Systems Sales (K Units), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Unit) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) 7.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.4 Toshiba Tec 7.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 7.4.2 Self-checkout Systems Product Category, Application and Specification 7.4.2.1 Product A 7.4.2.2 Product B 7.4.3 Toshiba Tec Self-checkout Systems Sales (K Units), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Unit) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) 7.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.5 ITAB Scanflow AB 7.5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 7.5.2 Self-checkout Systems Product Category, Application and Specification 7.5.2.1 Product A 7.5.2.2 Product B 7.5.3 ITAB Scanflow AB Self-checkout Systems Sales (K Units), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Unit) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) 7.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.6 ECR Software 7.6.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 7.6.2 Self-checkout Systems Product Category, Application and Specification 7.6.2.1 Product A 7.6.2.2 Product B 7.6.3 ECR Software Self-checkout Systems Sales (K Units), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Unit) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) 7.6.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.7 Pan-Oston 7.7.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 7.7.2 Self-checkout Systems Product Category, Application and Specification 7.7.2.1 Product A 7.7.2.2 Product B 7.7.3 Pan-Oston Self-checkout Systems Sales (K Units), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Unit) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) 7.7.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.8 IER 7.8.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 7.8.2 Self-checkout Systems Product Category, Application and Specification 7.8.2.1 Product A 7.8.2.2 Product B 7.8.3 IER Self-checkout Systems Sales (K Units), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Unit) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) 7.8.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.9 Computer Hardware Design 7.9.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 7.9.2 Self-checkout Systems Product Category, Application and Specification 7.9.2.1 Product A 7.9.2.2 Product B 7.9.3 Computer Hardware Design Self-checkout Systems Sales (K Units), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Unit) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) 7.9.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.10 PCMS Group 7.10.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 7.10.2 Self-checkout Systems Product Category, Application and Specification 7.10.2.1 Product A 7.10.2.2 Product B 7.10.3 PCMS Group Self-checkout Systems Sales (K Units), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Unit) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) 7.10.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.11 Slabb 7.12 Datang Intel 7.13 Yzgo.com 7.14 Fuzhou Jiuzhu Technology Co., Ltd Buy Now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1293909 Continued… Contact Us: Sales@Wiseguyreports.Com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (Us) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (Uk) Norah Trent Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. +1 (339) 368 6938 (US)/+91 841 198 5042 (IND) email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious How Squaremouth Turned the Travel Insurance Claims Process Inside Out Next PostNext Chip Antenna Market Demand for Secure and Reliable Wireless Products across the Telecom and BFSI Sectors Search Recent Posts Delphi Energy Announces Voting Results From Its Annual General Meeting of Shareholders Global Commercial Antennas Market 2017 Anlaysis with Primary Research, Current and Future Trends and Forecast 2022 BOSS Announces Flexible Virtual Administrator Program to Curtail In-House Staff Workloads Global Car Care Products Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Energy Department Awards Three Advanced Research Projects Funding Opportunities Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Cyber Security Market 2017 Global Key Vendors Analysis, Revenue, Trends & Forecast to 2022 Pune, India — (SBWIRE) — 05/19/2017 — Summary: This report studies the global Cyber Security market, analyzes and researches the Cyber Security development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market, like Symantec Intel IBM Cisco Trend Micro Dell Check Point Juniper Kaspersky HP Microsoft Huawei Palo Alto Networks FireEye AlienVault AVG Technologies Fortinet ESET Venustech H3C NSFOCUS Request a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1218947-global-cyber-security-market-size-status-and-forecast-2022 Market segment by Regions/Countries, this report covers United States EU Japan China India Southeast Asia Market segment by Type, Cyber Security can be split into Cybersecurity Software Cybersecurity Hardware Cybersecurity Service Provider Market segment by Application, Cyber Security can be split into Financial industry Aerospace, Defense and Intelligence Telecommunication Government Healthcare Enterprise Other At any Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1218947-global-cyber-security-market-size-status-and-forecast-2022 Table of Contents Global Cyber Security Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022 1 Industry Overview of Cyber Security 1.1 Cyber Security Market Overview 1.1.1 Cyber Security Product Scope 1.1.2 Market Status and Outlook 1.2 Global Cyber Security Market Size and Analysis by Regions 1.2.1 United States 1.2.2 EU 1.2.3 Japan 1.2.4 China 1.2.5 India 1.2.6 Southeast Asia 1.3 Cyber Security Market by Type 1.3.1 Cybersecurity Software 1.3.2 Cybersecurity Hardware 1.3.3 Cybersecurity Service Provider 1.4 Cyber Security Market by End Users/Application 1.4.1 Financial industry 1.4.2 Aerospace, Defense and Intelligence 1.4.3 Telecommunication 1.4.4 Government 1.4.5 Healthcare 1.4.6 Enterprise 1.4.7 Other 2 Global Cyber Security Competition Analysis by Players 2.1 Cyber Security Market Size (Value) by Players (2016 and 2017) 2.2 Competitive Status and Trend 2.2.1 Market Concentration Rate 2.2.2 Product/Service Differences 2.2.3 New Entrants 2.2.4 The Technology Trends in Future 3 Company (Top Players) Profiles 3.1 Symantec 3.1.1 Company Profile 3.1.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.1.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.1.4 Cyber Security Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.1.5 Recent Developments 3.2 Intel 3.2.1 Company Profile 3.2.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.2.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.2.4 Cyber Security Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.2.5 Recent Developments 3.3 IBM 3.3.1 Company Profile 3.3.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.3.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.3.4 Cyber Security Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.3.5 Recent Developments 3.4 Cisco 3.4.1 Company Profile 3.4.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.4.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.4.4 Cyber Security Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.4.5 Recent Developments 3.5 Trend Micro 3.5.1 Company Profile 3.5.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.5.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.5.4 Cyber Security Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.5.5 Recent Developments 3.6 Dell 3.6.1 Company Profile 3.6.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.6.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.6.4 Cyber Security Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.6.5 Recent Developments 3.7 Check Point 3.7.1 Company Profile 3.7.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.7.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.7.4 Cyber Security Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.7.5 Recent Developments 3.8 Juniper 3.8.1 Company Profile 3.8.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.8.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.8.4 Cyber Security Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.8.5 Recent Developments 3.9 Kaspersky 3.9.1 Company Profile 3.9.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.9.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.9.4 Cyber Security Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.9.5 Recent Developments 3.10 HP 3.10.1 Company Profile 3.10.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.10.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.10.4 Cyber Security Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.10.5 Recent Developments 3.11 Microsoft 3.12 Huawei 3.13 Palo Alto Networks 3.14 FireEye 3.15 AlienVault 3.16 AVG Technologies 3.17 Fortinet 3.18 ESET 3.19 Venustech 3.20 H3C 3.21 NSFOCUS 4 Global Cyber Security Market Size by Type and Application (2012-2017) 4.1 Global Cyber Security Market Size by Type (2012-2017) 4.2 Global Cyber Security Market Size by Application (2012-2017) 4.3 Potential Application of Cyber Security in Future 4.4 Top Consumer/End Users of Cyber Security … Buy Now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1218947 Continued…. Contact Us: sales@wiseguyreports.com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) ; Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Shareholder Updates Ownership in Platinex Inc. Next PostNext PurePower(R) PW800 Engine Accelerating Rapidly towards Entry into Service Search Recent Posts eClincher Releases RSS Auto Post Feature Mother Sentenced to 26 Months in Prison for Taking Child from Illinois to Canada in International Parental Kidnapping Case Elder Care Cliff Expert, Stella Nsong, Featured on CNN as Guest on Capitol Connection Business Consultant and Speaker, Carla Butcher, Hits Amazon Best-Seller List With Cracking the Code to Success Le moteur PurePower(R) PW800 approche à grande vitesse de la mise en service Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
TechRadar The source for Tech Buying Advice Search RSS US Edition Reviews How To Phones TVs Laptops Deals Photography More Car Tech Wearables Tablets Components Audiovisual Gaming Computing Downloads News Pro Trending Buying Guides iPhone 8 HTC U11 Samsung Galaxy S8 Project Scorpio Google IO 2017 Samsung Galaxy Note 8 MSI Aegis 3 review This small gaming PC is powerful and whisper quiet By Seth G. Macy PC & Mac desktops  Shares Our Verdict The MSI Aegis 3's stunningly quiet fans belie its powerful specs and aggressive design, all in a small form factor that's easy to carry. For Small form-factor Tons of ports So very, very quiet Against Surprisingly heavy Difficult to open chassis Building a personal gaming computer is a rite of passage for any PC gamer, but sometimes it's just easier to have someone else do all the work. The MSI Aegis 3 is one of these pre-built systems that has the hardware to satisfy any PC gamer's needs, living and breathing inside an aggressively styled, small form-factor chassis that barely takes up any space.  If you're looking to dive head-first into the glorious world of PC gaming, the Aegis 3 is a great place to start. Spec sheet Here is the MSI Aegis 3 configuration sent to techradar for review:  CPU: 3.6 GHz Intel Core i7-7700 (quad-core, 8MB cache, up to 4.2 GHz with Turbo Boost) Graphics: Nvidia GeForce GTX 1070 (8GB GDDR5X RAM) RAM: 16 GB DDR4 RAM (2400 MHz) Storage: 256GB M.2 SSD, 2TB HDD (7,200RPM) Optical drive: Tray-load super-multi DVD Ports: 1 x USB 3.1 Type C, 2 x USB 2.0 (with Super Charger 2),1 x Mic in / 1 x Headphone out, 1 x HDMI out (VR Link), 2 x USB 2.0, 4 x USB 3.1 Type A, 1 x HDMI out, 1 x HDMI in (connect Graphic card and front VR-Link port), 1 x Display Port, 5 x OFC Audio jacks, 1 x S/PDIF, 1 x RJ45 LAN, 1 x Gaming device port(PS/2) Connectivity: Intel Dual Band Wireless-AC 3168, Killer E2500 Gigabit Ethernet Weight: 17.75 lbs. / 24.7 lbs.(8.05KG / 11.2KG) Size: 6.7 x 14.8 x 17 inches (170 x 376 x 433 mm) (W x D x H) Price and availability There are quite a few variations on the Aegis 3, with the one we tested coming in at $1,549 (£1,799, AU$2,999). That’s right in line with the $1,524 (£1,604, AU$2,599) Alienware Aurora and considerably cheaper than a comparably equipped $1,799 (£1,799 / AU$2,639) Corsair One as well. There are also cheaper versions of the Aegis 3 with an Intel Core i5-7400 processor and a 6GB GTX 1060 graphics card. A version with the i7-7700, 8GB GTX 1080 graphics card, 32GB of RAM, a 512GB SSD and 2TB HDD is just $400 more than the version we tested. It’s a real bargain, especially when you factor in the decent gaming mouse and keyboard MSI packs in the box. Design The Aegis 3 looks more alien than its contemporary, the Alienware Aurora. Vented windows on each side let you peer into the machinations of the PC, while LED lights illuminate and draw attention to its various components and design accents. The front of the Aegis also lights up, just in case you forget for even a second this is a gamer's computer. The whole thing looks like some robotic xenomorph hybrid, as though at any time a mouth will pop open and taunt you with another, smaller mouth. There are two folding headphone holders on either side. They look like the horns on Genji's (from Overwatch) head, adding further to its robotic look. Lighting is customizable using the pre-installed MSI Gaming Center software. The options are static, gradient, audio, and breathing, and all of them are awesome. The audio setting is arguably the coolest one, as the different zones pulse and dance along with your favorite tunes. It's worth turning down the room lights and bumping your favorite music just to watch the show.  Did we mention there are LEDs everywhere? Because it bears repeating. Despite of the prevalence of all the lights, they fit so well into the overall style that it adds to the look without being ostentatious, and the different configurations are fun to play around with.  It's also smaller than it seems possible, given its specs. At 14.8 inches deep, the desktop’s footprint is on-par with the Alienware Aurora and the similarly space efficient Corsair One. MSI touts the ease at which the Aegis can be upgraded, but that is highly subjective. It comes down to what your definition of "easy" is. This is not a tool-less computer case. There's not a thumbscrew to be found, meaning you need a medium Philips head to crack it open and scoop out the sweet, sweet components inside. Fumbling around for a screwdriver isn't the end of the world, but there are far too many screws that need to be removed before the case can be opened up. Then the graphics card is held in place by an additional 4 screws, and they're all tiny and easy to lose.  It's the complete opposite of the Alienware Aurora upgrade process, which is entirely toolless. Putting the pieces back together is frustrating because they just don't seem to want to line up, and we ended up having to backtrack a few steps during the reassembly process because the tabs in the back hadn't mated with the slots properly.  Frustration is the name of the game. The Aegis 3 has a sturdy handle on the back, increasing its portability. The rugged, metal handle is a nice feature because the Aegis 3 is surprisingly heavy, coming in between 17.75 and 25 pounds, depending on its configuration. The supporting metal of the handles runs hidden beneath a piece of plastic trim, and it's held in by several thick screws, giving it a really solid feel. Ports for days In spite of its small form factor, the Aegis has plenty of ports, with a USB Type-C and 2 USB ports right on the front for easy access. There are also 2 VR ports, one on the front and one on the back, for plugging in a VR headset. Headphone and microphone jacks are similarly doubled-up, covering the bases of your peripheral needs. Game gear Certain configurations of the Aegis 3 include a free gaming mouse and keyboard. Both are backlit, with the keyboard's colors spanning the entire visible spectrum and the mouse glowing red. Neither the keyboard nor the mouse are particularly high-quality, but that's not to say they're bad. The keys on the keyboard have a soft feel to them, somewhere between a membrane and a full-on mechanical keyboard. The mouse is a touch on the small side, but is comfortable to use overall. Benchmarks Here’s how the MSI Aegis 3 performed in our suite of benchmark tests: 3DMark: Sky Diver: 33,239; Fire Strike: 15,255; Time Spy: 5,740 Cinebench CPU: 729 points; Graphics: 129 fps GeekBench: 4,847 (single-core); 15,719 (multi-core) PCMark 8 (Home Test): 4,390 points Deus Ex: Mankind Divided (1080p, Ultra): 26 fps; (1080p, Low): 153 fps GTA V (1080p, Ultra): 57 fps; (1080p, Low): 178 fps Performance One of the best features of the MSI Aegis 3 is how quietly it runs. There's a lot of math happening in that small, crowded case, but the Aegis 3 barely cries above a dull roar. In fact, the fan noise disappears completely over the sounds of games even at low volumes. We never noticed a trade-off in excess heat from the low-noise fans, so they cool just as well as they stay quiet. The Aegis 3 is able to hold its own, just eking out a victory over the Alienware Aurora in some tests while falling slightly short in others. It doesn't fare as well against the Corsair One, but the version with the GTX 1080 and 32GB of RAM would probably have no problem topping its numbers. We played a good deal of NieR: Automata at its highest settings with VSync turned on, and the Aegis didn't bat an eye. NieR isn't the most demanding game out there, but it relies so heavily on fast action that it begs for a computer that can dole out a solid framerate, and the Aegis 3 delivered.  VR Trooper If you hadn't already guessed from the labeled VR ports on the front and back, the Aegis 3 is a capable virtual reality machine. The latest generation i7 and the GTX 1070 more than meet the requirements for both Vive and Oculus. Its small form-factor and easy-carry handle make it a snap to move. So if you want to set up your experience in another room, you can carry the computer in one hand and your headset in the other. The Aegis 3 we tested came bundled with VR-ready software, including a shortcut to SteamVR, Fruit Ninja VR, and Tilt Brush, Google's 3D painting software. While we didn't have a headset on-hand during the testing process, both Fruit Ninja VR and Tilt Brush are fun introductions into VR and including them with the Aegis 3 is a nice gesture. Final verdict PC gaming conjures images of beastly rigs running impossibly complex lighting and cooling set-ups. The Aegis 3 manages to catch that aggressiveness in a small form-factor while retaining the attitude of a custom built system in both style and function. The fact it runs almost impossibly quiet is amazing given its solid specifications and performance. That said, a big part of PC gaming is having complete domain over the components in your computer, and while the Aegis 3 is customizable, accessing its innards are a pain. The case fits together so well that the tiny screws makes getting inside a fumbling mess.  There's plenty of power, and the fact components can be swapped out makes it quasi-future proof, although getting into the machine isn't nearly as easy as MSI wants you to believe. You'll probably have to search for a tutorial the first time you open it up, because it's not an intuitive process in the slightest. Small, quiet, cool and capable, the Aegis 3 is a good choice to begin your ascension to the realm of PC gaming. On top of being powerful, the Aegis 3 just looks awesome. The lighting schemes are really well done and make the small computer seem larger than life. With ports galore, Kaby Lake processors and 10-series graphics, the Aegis 3 is the little computer that could at a great price point. Tech deals, prizes and latest news Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more! No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 Google Pixel 2 release date, news and rumors 2 Samsung Galaxy Note 8 release date, news and rumors 3 Samsung Galaxy S8 review 4 The best free VPN 2017 5 iPhone 8 release date, news and rumors 1 Nokia 3310 unboxing: what do you get for your money? 2 Super Mario Odyssey release date, news and rumours 3 How to download Pokemon: Magikarp Jump 4 Google Lens is blowing my mind, and it’s not even out yet 5 The best free anti-ransomware software 2017 TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. About Us Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City Name Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting VRtually There More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost VRtually There Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 6 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Trump trip to Middle East, Vatican offers religious opportunities, pitfalls The president has billed his visit to Saudi Arabia, Israel and the Vatican as a sort of triple pilgrimage to places deeply meaningful to adherents of Christianity, Judaism and Islam. Post to Facebook Trump trip to Middle East, Vatican offers religious opportunities, pitfalls The president has billed his visit to Saudi Arabia, Israel and the Vatican as a sort of triple pilgrimage to places deeply meaningful to adherents of Christianity, Judaism and Islam.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: https://usat.ly/2qCkgNl {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 5 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Trump trip to Middle East, Vatican offers religious opportunities, pitfalls Michele Chabin, Religion News Service 3:10 p.m. ET May 19, 2017 President Trump, left, and first lady Melania Trump walk on the South Lawn of the White House to depart by Marine One in Washington on May 19, 2017. (Photo: Michael Reynolds, epa) 6 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 5 COMMENTEMAILMORE JERUSALEM — President Trump has billed his visit to Saudi Arabia, Israel and the Vatican as a sort of triple pilgrimage to places deeply meaningful to adherents of Christianity, Judaism and Islam. But his first overseas trip as president also presents deep religious and political pitfalls. Whether his time abroad will appease faith groups upset by Trump’s proposed Muslim travel ban and his waffling over whether to move the U.S. Embassy to Jerusalem — among other thorny issues — remains to be seen. He will meet with Pope Francis, who has made no secret of his disdain for Trump’s harsh rhetoric about immigrants and has reminded the president to remember the poor. Trump’s trip reflects the president’s belief “that we all have to be united and we have to be joined together with an agenda of tolerance and moderation,” according to national security adviser H.R. McMaster. Read more:  Trump travels to Saudi Arabia as bombshells multiply in Washington California Rep. Ted Lieu offers President Trump a foreign trip 'cheat sheet' Pope says he won't try to convince Trump to soften immigration policies Many in the U.S. and abroad find that assertion hypocritical, given Trump’s combative style and history of remarks deemed offensive to Muslims, Latinos, blacks, Jews, women and the disabled. But others see this trip as a chance for Trump — embroiled in Washington over his handling of a probe into alleged Russian ties to his presidential campaign — to prove that he can overcome his divisive reputation. In Saudi Arabia, Trump’s first stop, the president will share “his hopes for a peaceful vision of Islam” and “the need to confront radical ideology” during a meeting with officials from dozens of Muslim-majority countries, McMaster said. Trump will not be able to visit Mecca, the birthplace of Muhammad and the world’s holiest Islamic city, because it is off-limits to non-Muslims. During the Israeli leg of the trip, Trump will likely score points with the 80% of white evangelical Christians in the U.S. who voted for him — many of whom feel personally tied to Israel. In Jerusalem, Trump will be the first sitting president to pray at the Western Wall. But he nixed a request from Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to accompany him, presumably because a joint visit could be perceived as tacit recognition of Israeli sovereignty over East Jerusalem, which Israel captured from Jordan 50 years ago during the 1967 Middle East war. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn The Trump presidency: A new era in Washington  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Trump responds to a question from a member of the news media during a joint news conference with Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos in the East Room of the White House on May 18, 2017.  Michael Reynolds, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump boards Air Force One at Andrews Air Force Base on May 17, 2017, en route to the U.S. Coast Guard Academy in New London, Conn., for a commencement address.  Susan Walsh, AP Fullscreen Trump meets with Henry Kissinger in the Oval Office on May 10, 2017.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen President Trump, Speaker Paul Ryan and other congressional Republicans celebrate in the Rose Garden of the White House following the House vote to repeal Obamacare on May 4, 2017.  Mandel Ngan, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump pauses as he speaks at the Pennsylvania Farm Show Complex and Expo Center in Harrisburg, Pa., on April, 29, 2017.  Carolyn Kaster, AP Fullscreen President Trump speaks during the National Rifle Association-ILA Leadership Forum on April 28, 2017, in Atlanta.  Mike Stewart, AP Fullscreen Secretary of the Interior Ryan Zinke listens while Trump speaks before signing an executive order to review the Antiquities Act at the Department of the Interior on April 26, 2017.  Brendan Smialowski, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump prepares to award a Purple Heart to U.S. Army Sgt. 1st Class Alvaro Barrientos, with first lady Melania Trump, right, and Tammy Barrientos, second from right, at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center on April 22, 2017, in Bethesda, Md.  Alex Brandon, AP Fullscreen Trump waves as he and Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin walk from the White House to the U.S. Treasury Department on April 21, 2017.  Jim Watson, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen President Trump greets Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni as he arrives at the West Wing of the White House on April 20, 2017.  Andrew Harnik, AP Fullscreen New England Patriots head coach Bill Belichick, President Trump, Patriots owner Robert Kraft and Patriots President Jonathan Kraft stand with Patriots players as Trump holds a team helmet at a ceremony honoring the Patriots as Super Bowl champions on the South Lawn at the White House on April 19, 2017.  Geoff Burke, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Trump joins attendees at the Easter Egg Roll to write notes to servicemembers on the South Lawn of the White House on April 17, 2017.  Brendan Smialowski, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump steps off Air Force One as he arrives at Palm Beach International Airport on April 13, 2017.  Richard Graulich, AP Fullscreen Trump speaks in the Rose Garden of the White House on April 10, 2017, at the swearing-in ceremony for Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump pumps his fist as he and Chinese President Xi Jinping walk together at the Mar-a-Lago estate in West Palm Beach, Fla., on April 7, 2017.  Jim Watson, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen President Trump walks to the podium to speak about the missile strike on Syria on April 6, 2017, at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach, Fla.  Alex Brandon, AP Fullscreen Trump speaks during a Wounded Warriors event in the East Room of the White House on April 6, 2017.  Brendan Smialowski, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen President Trump and Jordan's King Abdullah II hold a news conference in the Rose Garden at the White House on April 5, 2017.  Andrew Harnik, AP Fullscreen President Trump speaks about trade as Vice President Pence looks on before signing executive orders in the Oval Office on March 31, 2017.  Olivier Douliery, Pool/European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen President Trump shakes hands with New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie during an opioid and drug abuse listening session in the Roosevelt Room on March 29, 2017.  Shawn Thew, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen President Trump, flanked by Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price and Vice President Pence, speaks about the health care overhaul bill on March 24, 2017, in the Oval Office.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen Trump gets in the driver's seat of an 18-wheeler while meeting with truck drivers and trucking CEOs on the South Portico prior to their meeting to discuss health care at the White House on March 23, 2017.  Jim Lo Scalzo, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen President Trump speaks during a meeting with Congressional Black Caucus members in the Cabinet Room at the White House on March 22, 2017.  Chip Somodevilla, Pool/European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump holds a NASA flight jacket presented to him by NASA Astronaut Office Chief Chris Cassidy after signing the NASA Transition Authorization Act of 2017 in the Oval Office on March 21, 2017.  Bill Ingalls, NASA/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump and Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price arrive on Capitol Hill on March 21, 2017, to meet with GOP lawmakers on the Republican health care overhaul.  J. Scott Applewhite, AP Fullscreen Trump speaks to reporters onboard Air Force One before departing from Palm Beach International Airport in West Palm Beach, Fla., on March 19, 2017.  Mandel Ngan, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump and German Chancellor Angela Merkel walk down the Cross Hall to enter the East Room for a joint press conference at the White House on March 17, 2017.  Michael Reynolds, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump talks with House Speaker Paul Ryan on Capitol Hill on March 16, 2017, during a "Friends of Ireland" luncheon.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump speaks to auto workers at the American Center for Mobility on March 15, 2017, in Ypsilanti, Mich.  Bill Pugliano, Getty Images Fullscreen Trump holds up a note and drawing depicting him that was created by the child of Greg Knox of Ohio during a meeting on health care in the Roosevelt Room on March 13, 2017.  MIchael Reynolds, Pool, Getty Images Fullscreen Trump holds a National Economic Council listening session with the CEOs of community banks in the Roosevelt Room of the White House on March 9, 2017.  Kevin Dietsch, Pool/European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump gestures as he surprises visitors during the official reopening of public tours at the White House on March 7, 2017.  Jim Watson, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump walks with grandchildren Arabella Kushner and Joseph Kushner, holding a model of Marine One, across the South Lawn of the White House on March 3, 2017, before boarding Marine One helicopter for the short flight to nearby Andrews Air Force Base.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen Trump tours the Combat Direction Center on the pre-commissioned USS Gerald R. Ford aircraft carrier in Newport News, Va., on March 2, 2017.  Saul Loeb, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump has lunch with Congressional Republican leaders, including Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and House Speaker Paul Ryan, in the Roosevelt Room of the White House on March 1, 2017.  Erik S. Lesser, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen President Trump speaks before a joint session of Congress on Feb. 28, 2017.  Jack Gruber, USA TODAY Fullscreen Trump holds up an executive order to bolster historically black colleges and universities after signing it in the Oval Office on Feb. 28, 2017.  Jim Watson, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump makes a toast during a dinner reception for the annual National Governors Association winter meeting on Feb. 26, 2017, in the State Dining Room of the White House.  Manuel Balce Ceneta, AP Fullscreen Trump and Pence arrive for a meeting with manufacturing executives at the White House on Feb. 23, 2017.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin listens at right as Trump speaks during a meeting on the federal budget on Feb. 22, 2017, in the Roosevelt Room of the White House.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump reaches out to shake hands with Army Lt. Gen. H.R. McMaster at his Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach, Fla., on Feb. 20, 2017, where Trump announced that McMaster will be the new national security adviser.  Susan Walsh, AP Fullscreen The Trumps attend a campaign-style rally on Feb. 18, 2017, in Melbourne, Fla.  Chris O'Meara, AP Fullscreen President Trump walks with his grandchildren Arabella Kushner and Joseph Kushner to Marine One on the South Lawn of the White House on Feb. 17, 2017.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump speaks during a news conference on Feb. 16, 2017, in the East Room of the White House.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu shake hands during a joint news conference in the East Room of the White House on Feb. 15, 2017.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen Trump meets with retail industry leaders in the Roosevelt Room of the White House on Feb. 15, 2017.  Saul Loeb, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump and Education Secretary Betsy DeVos attend a meeting with parents and teachers on Feb. 14, 2017, in the Roosevelt Room of the White House.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump looks on as Steven Mnuchin is sworn in as Treasury secretary on Feb. 13, 2017.  Alex Wong, Getty Images Fullscreen Trump meets with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau in the Oval Office on Feb. 13, 2017.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump walks from Marine One on the South Lawn of the White House as he returns from his weekend trip to Mar-a-Lago on Feb. 12, 2017.  Molly Riley, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe listen to the translator after they both made statements about North Korea at Mar-a-Lago on Feb. 11, 2017.  Susan Walsh, AP Fullscreen President Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, accompanied by their wives, first lady Melania Trump and Akie Abe, wave before boarding Air Force One at Andrews Air Force Base on Feb. 10, 2017.  Jose Luis Magana, AP Fullscreen President Trump speaks to Democratic and Republican senators about Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch in the Roosevelt Room on Feb. 9, 2017.  Pool, Getty Images Fullscreen Trump arrives for a meeting with airline executives on Feb. 9, 2017.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Intel CEO Brian Krzanich speaks during a meeting with Trump on Feb. 8, 2017, where Intel announced an investment of $7 billion to build a factory in Chandler, Ariz., to create advanced semi-conductor chips.  Chris Kleponis, Pool/European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump holds up a gift given to him by county sheriffs following a meeting as they pose for photos in the Oval Office on Feb. 7, 2017.  Saul Loeb, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen President Trump has lunch with troops during a visit to the U.S. Central Command at MacDill Air Force Base on Feb. 6, 2017, in Tampa, Fla.  Mandel Ngan, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen The Trumps watch the Super Bowl at a party at Trump International Golf Club in West Palm Beach, Fla., on Feb. 5, 2017.  Susan Walsh, AP Fullscreen The Trumps arrive for the 60th Annual Red Cross Gala at his Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach, Fla., on on Feb. 4, 2017.  Mandel Ngan, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen President Trump walks with first lady Melania Trump on the tarmac after he arrived on Air Force One at the Palm Beach International Airport for a visit to Mar-a-Lago on Feb. 3, 2017.  Joe Raedle, Getty Images Fullscreen Trump speaks during the beginning of a policy and strategy forum with business executives in the State Dining Room of the White House on Feb. 3, 2017.  Brendan Smialowski, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus and Vice President Pence look on as Trump speaks briefly to reporters after greeting Harley Davidson executives on the South Lawn of the White House on Feb. 2, 2017.  Drew Angerer, Getty Images Fullscreen Television producer Mark Burnett, left, and Sen. John Boozman, R-Ark., look on as Trump waves upon his arrival for the National Prayer Breakfast on Feb. 2, 2017, in Washington.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump shakes hands with Neil Gorsuch, his Supreme Court nominee, in the East Room of the White House on Jan. 31, 2017.  Michael Reynolds, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen President Trump meets with small-business leaders in the Roosevelt Room of the White House on Jan. 30, 2017.  Jim Lo Scalzo, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen President Trump speaks on the phone with German Chancellor Angela Merkel in the Oval Office on Jan. 28, 2017.  Michael Reynolds, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump shakes hands with Defense Secretary James Mattis during an event at the Pentagon on Jan. 27, 2017. Vice President Pence is at right.  Susan Walsh, AP Fullscreen Trump greets British Prime Minister Theresa May as she arrives at the White House on Jan. 27, 2017.  Shawn Thew, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell watch as President Trump arrives to speak to House and Senate GOP lawmakers at the annual policy retreat in Philadelphia on Jan. 26, 2017.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen Trump boards Air Force One at Andrews Air Force Base in Maryland on Jan. 26, 2017, as he departed to attend a Republican congressional retreat in Philadelphia.  Nicholas Kamm, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump, accompanied by Vice President Mike Pence, gives a thumbs-up on Jan. 25, 2017, at the White House.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen Trump reads from one of the executive orders he signed during a visit to the Department of Homeland Security with Vice President Mike Pence, Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly and other officials in Washington on Jan. 25, 2017.  Chip Somodevilla, Pool/European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump arrives for meeting with automobile leaders in the Roosevelt Room of the White House on Jan. 24, 2017.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen Trump displays one of five executive actions he signed in the Oval Office on Jan. 24, 2017.  Shawn Thew, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump speaks during a reception for House and Senate leaders in the the State Dining Room of the White House on Jan. 23, 2017.  Susan Walsh, AP Fullscreen Trump signs executive actions in the Oval Office on Jan. 23, 2017.  Saul Loeb, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump meets with business leaders on Jan. 23, 2017, in the Roosevelt Room.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen President Trump holds a letter left for him by former president Barack Obama as Vice President Pence looks on before the swearing-in of the White House senior staff on Jan. 22, 2017.  Mandel Ngan, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump speaks at the CIA headquarters in Langley, Va., on Jan. 21, 2017.  Andrew Harnik, AP Fullscreen The Trumps arrive for a National Prayer Service at the National Cathedral on Jan. 21, 2017.  Andrew Harnik, AP Fullscreen The Trumps and Pences attend the Freedom Ball on Jan. 20, 2017.  Kevin Dietsch, Pool/European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump is joined by the congressional leadership and his family as he formally signs his cabinet nominations into law in the Presidents Room of the Senate on Jan. 20, 2017.  J. Scott Applewhite, Pool Photo-USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Trump and Obama arrive for Trump's inauguration luncheon at the Capitol.  J. Scott Applewhite, Pool Fullscreen The Trumps and Obamas stand on the steps of the U.S. Capitol on Jan. 20, 2017.  Rob Carr, Getty Images Fullscreen Trump delivers his inaugural address on Jan. 20, 2017, on the west front of the U.S. Capitol  Porter Binks, USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 85 2 of 85 3 of 85 4 of 85 5 of 85 6 of 85 7 of 85 8 of 85 9 of 85 10 of 85 11 of 85 12 of 85 13 of 85 14 of 85 15 of 85 16 of 85 17 of 85 18 of 85 19 of 85 20 of 85 21 of 85 22 of 85 23 of 85 24 of 85 25 of 85 26 of 85 27 of 85 28 of 85 29 of 85 30 of 85 31 of 85 32 of 85 33 of 85 34 of 85 35 of 85 36 of 85 37 of 85 38 of 85 39 of 85 40 of 85 41 of 85 42 of 85 43 of 85 44 of 85 45 of 85 46 of 85 47 of 85 48 of 85 49 of 85 50 of 85 51 of 85 52 of 85 53 of 85 54 of 85 55 of 85 56 of 85 57 of 85 58 of 85 59 of 85 60 of 85 61 of 85 62 of 85 63 of 85 64 of 85 65 of 85 66 of 85 67 of 85 68 of 85 69 of 85 70 of 85 71 of 85 72 of 85 73 of 85 74 of 85 75 of 85 76 of 85 77 of 85 78 of 85 79 of 85 80 of 85 81 of 85 82 of 85 83 of 85 84 of 85 85 of 85 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share President Trump and First Lady Melania Trump departed Washington Friday for his first foreign trip abroad, a nine-day, five-stop marathon. Trump's itinerary begins Saturday in Saudi Arabia, then to Israel, the Vatican, Brussels and Sicily. (May 19) AP No U.S. government has recognized Israeli — or any other — sovereignty over any part of Jerusalem. Trump, who promised during his campaign to move the Tel Aviv-based U.S. Embassy to Jerusalem, has so far not done so out of fears such a move would incite the Arab world. The wall visit comes at a sensitive time for American-Israeli relations. Israel’s right-wing government views Trump as a vast improvement over former President Obama, whom they considered overly sympathetic to Palestinians in their conflict with Israel. But there is also concern that Trump’s team will be too even-handed and that he and his advisers lack understanding of the region. On Monday, a senior U.S. Consulate official coordinating Trump’s visit told Israeli counterparts that the Western Wall is “not your territory. It’s part of the West Bank.” The wall is in East Jerusalem. While in Jerusalem, Trump will pray at the Church of the Holy Sepulchre, widely revered as the site of Jesus’ burial and resurrection. It is unclear whether Trump will pray at the Church of the Nativity in Bethlehem when he meets Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas in the West Bank city of Jesus’ birth. The West Bank is highly disputed territory, and negotiators have for decades failed to come up with a plan for the area that satisfies both Israelis and Palestinians. But Trump, a real estate magnate before he was president, promised — arrogantly and naively in the eyes of many — to broker a “deal” in the conflict which he described as “maybe not as difficult as people have thought over the years.” On May 24, Trump will meet Pope Francis at the Vatican. The pope, who once implied that Trump “is not Christian” because of his insistence on building a wall along America’s southern border, recently struck a more conciliatory tone. “I never make a judgment about a person without listening to them. I believe that I shouldn’t do this,” the pope told reporters on May 15. Trump’s itinerary, which appears fraught to some, offers hope to others. The Rev. David Neuhaus, patriarchal vicar for Hebrew-speaking Catholics in Israel, said the Latin Patriarchate of Jerusalem “hopes that the visit of President Trump will advance the welfare of the peoples of this land, especially those who thirst for peace and cry out for justice.” “We will pray that the Holy Spirit inspire President Trump and the leaders of Israel and Palestine to see that the future cannot be walls and fear but only bridges and dialogue, pardon, reconciliation and the recognition of the rights and dignity of all,” he said. Rabbi David Rosen, international director of interreligious affairs at the American Jewish Committee, said Trump’s outreach to people of different faiths could be a constructive way to build trust. “There’s been a tendency” on the part of leaders “to see religion as part of the problem and something best avoided,” Rosen said, “but doing so only plays into the hands of the most extreme elements.” Rosen said he was “encouraged” by a March 16 meeting between Jason Greenblatt, Trump’s envoy on the Arab-Israeli peace process, and Muslim, Jewish and Christian clerics at the U.S. Consulate in Jerusalem. Greenblatt “expressed his understanding of the importance of religious leaders — not to take the place of politicians, but also not to ignore the psycho-spiritual dimensions, the (religious) attachments that are the foundation of people’s identities and presence here,” Rosen said. If people don’t feel their attachments are taken seriously “it will be very hard to get to any political solution,” Rosen said. Ibrahim Hooper, national communications director for the Council on American-Islamic Relations, said that “in principle, we have no problem with Trump visiting areas of the world with religious significance. It’s what he does there that is of concern.” Hooper said Muslims are concerned by Trump’s past statements and current policies that many view as Islamophobic. On Wednesday, CAIR National Executive Director Nihad Awad offered some “advice” to Trump related to the speech on Islam he plans to give in Saudi Arabia. “If President Trump wishes to reach out to ordinary Muslims in the Middle East and around the world, he should avoid the pejorative terminology, anti-Muslim stereotypes and counterproductive policies promoted by Islamophobic advisers such as Stephen Miller, Steve Bannon and Sebastian Gorka,” Awad said. 6 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 5 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2qCkgNl
SECTIONS Welcome Log in Subscribe Support Logout ← BACK TO ARTICLE LOG IN LOG OUT 53° Some clouds High: 82° | Low: 47° Ten Day Forecast Home News More in News Local & State Nation & World Cops & Courts Lost: A special report Schools & Education Community News The Maine Forecast Politics More in Politics Gov. LePage President Trump Business More in Business Business Breakfast On the Job Portfolio People on the Move Sports More in Sports High School Sports Varsity Maine Awards New England Patriots Boston Celtics Boston Red Sox Outdoors Opinion More in Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Bill Nemitz Greg Kesich Maine Voices Live Food More in Food Restaurant reviews Eat & Run Recipes Cookbook Reviews Source More in Source Green Plate Special Maine Gardener Meet Sea Change Source Awards Lifestyle More in Lifestyle Things to Do MaineToday Magazine Arts & Entertainment Books Society Notebook Religion and Values Crossword Sudoku MaineToday.com Real Estate More in Real Estate Featured Home Home of the Week Design Open Houses Obituaries Auto More in Auto New Cars Used Cars Jobs Open Sign in or Subscribe. See Offers Nation & World Posted Yesterday at 3:33 PM Updated May 19 increase font size White House official a person of interest in Russia probe, say sources familiar with case Law enforcement has identified someone close to President Trump, multiple sources say as the investigation reaches the highest levels of government. By Devlin Barrett and Matt ZapotoskyThe Washington Post Share Comment Read Article A senior adviser to President Trump, who left Friday with first lady Melania Trump on his first foreign trip, is under scrutiny by investigators looking for possible ties to Russia, according to multiple people familiar with the case. Associated Press/Susan Walsh WASHINGTON — The law enforcement investigation into possible coordination between Russia and the Trump presidential campaign has identified a current White House official as a significant person of interest, showing that the probe is reaching into the highest levels of government, according to people familiar with the matter. The senior White House adviser under scrutiny by investigators is someone close to the president, according to those people, who would not further identify the official. Related Headlines Comey to testify in public before Senate Intelligence Committee Trump told Russian diplomats that firing ‘nut job’ Comey eased the pressure Trump dogged by troubles at home as he embarks on 1st foreign trip Search photos available for purchase: Photo Store → The revelation comes as the investigation appears to be entering a more overtly active phase, with investigators shifting from work that has remained largely hidden from the public to conducting interviews and using a grand jury to issue subpoenas. The intensity of the probe is expected to accelerate in the coming weeks, the people said. The sources emphasized that investigators remain keenly interested in people who previously wielded influence in the Trump campaign and administration but are no longer part of it, including former national security adviser Michael Flynn and former campaign chairman Paul Manafort. Flynn resigned in February after disclosures that he had lied to administration officials about his contacts with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak. Current administration officials who have acknowledged contacts with Russian officials include President Donald Trump’s son-in-law, Jared Kushner, as well as Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. People familiar with the investigation said the intensifying effort does not mean that criminal charges are near, or that any such charges will result. Earlier this week, Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein appointed former FBI director Robert Mueller III to serve as special counsel and lead the investigation into Russian meddling. It is unclear exactly how Mueller’s leadership will affect the direction of the probe, and he is already bringing in new people to work on the team. Those familiar with the case said its significance had increased before Mueller’s appointment. Although the case began quietly last July as an effort to determine whether any Trump associates coordinated with Russian operatives to meddle in the presidential election campaign, the investigative work now being done by the FBI also includes determining whether any financial crimes were committed by people close to the president. The people familiar with the matter said the probe has sharpened into something more fraught for the White House, the FBI and the Justice Department – particularly because of the public steps investigators know they now need to take, the people said. When subpoenas are issued or interviews are requested, it is possible the people being asked to talk or provide documents will reveal publicly what they were asked about. A small group of lawmakers known as the Gang of Eight was notified of the change in tempo and focus in the investigation at a classified briefing Wednesday evening, the people familiar with the matter said. Then-FBI Director James Comey publicly confirmed the existence of the investigation in March. Justice Department spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores said, “I can’t confirm or deny the existence or nonexistence of investigations or targets of investigations.” An FBI spokesman declined to comment. White House spokesman Sean Spicer said, “As the president has stated before, a thorough investigation will confirm that there was no collusion between the campaign and any foreign entity.” FOCUS ON RUSSIAN INFLUENCE While there has been a loud public debate in recent days over the question of whether the president might have attempted to obstruct justice in his private dealings with Comey, whom Trump fired last week, people familiar with the matter said investigators on the case are more focused on Russian influence operations and possible financial crimes. The FBI’s investigation seeks to determine whether and to what extent Trump associates were in contact with Kremlin operatives, what business dealings they might have had in Russia, and whether they in any way facilitated the hacking and publishing of emails from the Democratic National Committee and Hillary Clinton’s campaign chairman, John Podesta, during the presidential campaign. Several congressional committees are also investigating, though their probes could not produce criminal charges. A grand jury in Alexandria, Virginia, recently issued a subpoena for records related to Flynn’s business, the Flynn Intel Group, which was paid more than $500,000 by a company owned by a Turkish American businessman close to top Turkish officials, according to people familiar with the matter. The Flynn Intel Group was paid for research on Fethullah Gulen, a cleric who Turkey’s current president believes was responsible for a coup attempt last summer. Flynn retroactively registered with the Justice Department in March as a paid foreign agent for Turkish interests. Separately from the probe now run by Mueller, Flynn is being investigated by the Pentagon’s top watchdog for his foreign payments. Flynn also received $45,000 to appear in 2015 with Russian President Vladimir Putin at a dinner for RT, a Kremlin-controlled media organization. Flynn discussed U.S. sanctions against Russia with Russia’s ambassador to the United States during the month before Trump took office, and he withheld that fact from the vice president. That prompted then-acting attorney general Sally Yates to warn the White House’s top lawyer that Flynn might be susceptible to blackmail. Flynn stepped down after The Washington Post reported on the contents of the call. The president has nonetheless seemed to defend his former adviser. A memo by Comey alleged that Trump asked that the probe into Flynn be shut down. The White House also has acknowledged that Kushner met with Kislyak, the Russian ambassador to the United States, in late November. Kushner also has acknowledged that he met with the head of a Russian development bank, Vnesheconombank, which has been under U.S. sanctions since July 2014. The president’s son-in-law initially omitted contacts with foreign leaders from a national security questionnaire, though his lawyer has said publicly that he submitted the form prematurely and informed the FBI soon afterward that he would provide an update. Vnesheconombank handles development for the state, and in early 2015, a man purporting to be one of its New York-based employees was arrested and accused of being an unregistered spy. That man – Evgeny Buryakov – ultimately pleaded guilty and was eventually deported. He had been in contact with former Trump adviser Carter Page, though Page has said he shared only “basic immaterial information and publicly available research documents” with the Russian. Page was the subject of a secret warrant last year issued by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, based on suspicions he might have been acting as an agent of the Russian government, according to people familiar with the matter. Page has denied any wrongdoing, and accused the government of violating his civil rights. Share Read or Post Comments Were you interviewed for this story? If so, please fill out our accuracy form Send questions/comments to the editors. Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. More Like This Recent Read Shared NHL roundup: Crosby sparks Penguins in series-evening victory over Ottawa Auto racing roundup: Hard to pick a pole favorite at rainy Indy Major league roundup: Texas wins 10th straight Friday's girls' roundup: Windham pulls away in softball Friday's boys' roundup: Falmouth stops Yarmouth to stay unbeaten in baseball Maine family gives $50 million ‘transformational’ gift to Bates College capital campaign LePage threatens to veto deposit on 'nips,' remove them from Maine stores Shipyard files trademark lawsuit against Missouri brewery over ‘Shiphead’ beer Bookkeeper embezzled more than $850,000 from Daniel Lilley law firm, lawsuit alleges ‘Spectacular little boy’ dies in canoe accident in Vassalboro Eagle sickened after feeding on dead animal Trapped by heroin: Lobster industry struggles with its deadly secret Southern Maine Transit Tracker seeking feedback on its tracking system 'Anatomy of Innocence' describes incalculable injustices Take a look inside the 150-year-old B&M Beans factory in Portland BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE My Account Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Digital Subscriptions Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a Photo CONNECT e-Edition Mobile Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Lifestyle Opinion Sports Obituaries Video NETWORK About MaineToday Media Work Here Media Kit CentralMaine.com MaineToday.com © 2017 MaineToday Media
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Information Technology (IT) Market 2017 Size, Development Status, Type, Application,Segmentation,Forecast by 2022 Information Technology (IT) Market WiseGuyReports.com adds “Information Technology (IT) Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities Research Report Forecasting to 2022”reports to its database. PUNE, INDIA, May 19, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Information Technology (IT) Market: Executive Summary The largest geographic markets by consumption in the information technology market are the Americas, Asia and Europe. The Americas was the largest region in the information technology market in 2016, accounting for 39.0% market share. The Information Technology Global Market Briefing provides strategists, marketers and senior management with the critical information they need to assess the information technology market. Reasons to Purchase Get up to date information available on the information technology market globally. Identify growth segments and opportunities. Facilitate decision making on the basis of historic and forecast data and understand the drivers and restraints on the market. Develop strategies based on likely future developments. Gain a global perspective on the development of the market. Request Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1273775-information-technology-it-market-global-briefing-2017-including-computer-hardware-software Description The Information Technology Global Market Briefing Report from The Business Research Company covers market characteristics, size and growth, segmentation, regional breakdowns, competitive landscape, market shares, trends and strategies for this market. The market characteristics section of the report defines and explains the market. The market size section gives the information technology market revenues, covering both the historic growth of the market and forecasting the future. Comparison With Other Markets section outlines the information technology market share among the other manufacturing markets. Historic and Forecast Growth Comparison With Other Markets section compares the information technology market’s historic and forecast growth rate with other manufacturing markets. Drivers and restraints looks at the external factors supporting and controlling the growth of the market. Market segmentations break down the key sub sectors which make up the market. The regional breakdowns section gives the size of the market geographically. Competitive landscape gives a description of the competitive nature of the market, market shares, and a description of the leading companies. Key financial deals which have shaped the market in the last three years are identified. The trends and strategies section highlights the likely future developments in the information technology market and suggests approaches. Scope Markets Covered: Telecommunications, IT Services, Software Publishers, Computer Hardware Companies Mentioned: Apple, AT&T, Verizon, Amazon, Hewlett-Packard, Microsoft, IBM, Google, Comcast, Intel Geographic scope: Americas, Europe, Asia, Middle East and Africa, Oceania. Time series: Five years historic and forecast. Data: Market value in $ billions. Data segmentations: Regional breakdowns, market share of competitors, key sub segments. Sourcing and Referencing: Data and analysis throughout the report is sourced using end notes. Access Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1273775-information-technology-it-market-global-briefing-2017-including-computer-hardware-software Table of Contents Information Technology Market Characteristics 4 Information Technology Market Historic Growth 5 Drivers of the Market 6 Restraints on the Market 6 Information Technology Market Forecast Growth 7 Drivers of the Market 8 Restraints on the Market 8 Reduction in Free Trade 8 Information Technology Market Comparison With Other Markets 9 Information Technology Market Historic and Forecast Growth Comparison With Other Markets 11 Information Technology Market Segmentation 13 Global Information Technology Market, Split By Segments,2016, $ Billion 13 Telecommunications 14 IT Services 14 Software Publishers 14 Computer Hardware 14 Global Information Technology Market, Historic and Forecast, Split By Segment, 2012-2020 15 Software Publishers 15 IT Services 15 Computer Hardware 15 Telecommunications 15 Information Technology Market Geography Split 16 Global Information Technology Markets Size, Split By Region, 2016 16 Information Technology Market Competitors 19 Apple, INC. 20 AT&T 20 Verizon Communications, Inc. 21 Amazon.com 21 HP 22 Information Technology Market Key Mergers and Acquisitions 24 Information Technology Market Trends and Strategies 25 Cloud/Software As A Service (Saas) – 25 Data Analytics – 25 Internet TV is Gaining Attraction – 25 Packaged Services – 26 Open Source Software Gaining Ground – 26 Appendix 27 Research Methodology 29 Abbreviations 30 Currencies 30 Research Inquiries 30 List of Figures Figure 1: Global Information Technology Market Historic Market Size, 2012-2016, $ Billion 5 Figure 2: Global Information Technology Market Forecast Market Size, 2016-2020, $ Billion 7 Figure 3: Global Information Technology Market Value, Comparison With Other Markets, 2015, $ Billion 9 Figure 4: Global Information Technology Market, Historic and Forecast Growth Rate, Comparison With Other Industries, 2011-2019, Percentage (%) 11 Figure 5: Global Information Technology Market, Split By Segments, 2016, $ Billion 13 Figure 6: Global Information Technology Market, Historic and Forecast Growth Rate, Split By Segment, 2012-2020 15 Figure 7: Global Information Technology Market, Split By Region, 2016, $ Billion 16 Figure 8: Global Information Technology Market Size, Historic and Forecast Growth, Split By Region, 2012-2020 18 Figure 9: Global Information Technology Market, Key Competitor Estimated Market Shares, 2016, Percentage(%) 19 List of Tables Table 1: Global Information Technology Market Historic Market Size, 2012-2016, $ Billion 5 Table 2: Global Information Technology Market Forecast Market Size, 2016-2020, $ Billion 7 Table 3: Global Information Technology Market Value, Comparison With Other Markets, 2016, $ Billion 10 Table 4: Global Information Technology Market, Historic and Forecast Growth Rate, Comparison With Other Industries, 2011-2019, Percentage (%) 12 Table 5: Global Information Technology Market, Split By Segments, 2016, $ Billion 14 Table 6: Global Information Technology Market, Split By Region, 2016, $ Billion 17 Table 7: Global Information Technology Market Size, Historic and Forecast Growth, Split By Region, 2012-2020 18 Table 8: Global Information Technology Market, Key Competitor Market Shares, 2015, Percentage(%) 20 …CONTINUED Buy this Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1273775 Norah Trent WiseGuy Research Consultants Pvt. Ltd. +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious CORRECTION – Secdo Next PostNext Bavarian Nordic – Transactions in Connection with Share Buy-Back Program and Termination of Share Buy-Back Program Search Recent Posts Article – Plenary overview: refugee relocation, Hungary, Brexit talks Bug Season, Part Two! Vítor Constâncio: Synergies between banking union and capital markets union Vítor Constâncio: Synergies between banking union and capital markets union CDW to Present at the Stifel 2017 Technology, Internet & Media Conference Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
SUBSCRIBE NOW$5.00 a month Home News Sports Business Autos Life Entertainment Opinion Insider Mitch Albom Advice Archives Media USA TODAY Subscribe More Home News Sports Business Autos Life Entertainment Opinion Insider Mitch Albom Advice Archives Media USA TODAY Subscribe social Follow search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Chat Support Chat Support Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 2 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Uber threatens to fire key exec in self-driving car dispute The development raises the possibility that Uber may end up dumping Anthony Levandowski Post to Facebook Uber threatens to fire key exec in self-driving car dispute The development raises the possibility that Uber may end up dumping Anthony Levandowski  Check out this story on Freep.com: http://on.freep.com/2rA35tE {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Uber threatens to fire key exec in self-driving car dispute By Michael Liedtke, Associated Press 3:01 p.m. ET May 19, 2017 In this Dec. 13, 2016, file photo, Anthony Levandowski, head of Uber's self-driving program, speaks about their driverless car in San Francisco. (Photo: Eric Risberg, AP) CONNECTTWEET 2 LINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE   SAN FRANCISCO -- Uber is threatening to fire a key executive accused of stealing self-driving car technology from a Google spin-off unless he waives his constitutional right against self-incrimination so the ride-hailing service can comply with a court order. The development raises the possibility that Uber may end up dumping Anthony Levandowski, whose expertise in robot-controlled cars is the main reason that the ride-hailing company bought Levandowski’s startup for $680 million nine months ago. Until last month, Levandowski had been running Uber’s self-driving car division. Although he no longer is doing that, he remains a vital part of Uber’s effort to develop a fleet of robot cars so its service eventually will no longer have to rely on people to pick up passengers. Related: BMW, Intel add Delphi to self-driving car alliance Lyft, Waymo strike self-driving car deal as Uber rivalry intensifies   Waymo, a self-driving car company started by Google, alleges Levandowski downloaded 14,000 documents containing its trade secrets before he founded the startup that he sold to Uber. Levandowski has asserted his rights under the Fifth Amendment since Waymo filed its lawsuit in February . But Uber is warning Levandowski that he may lose his job unless he waives those rights and reveals whether he took any Waymo documents. The San Francisco company made the threat in a May 15 letter that became public in a court filing late Thursday. Any admission by Levandowski that he possesses the Waymo documents could embroil him in even deeper legal trouble. That’s because Waymo’s allegations in the civil case have been referred to the U.S. Attorney’s office in San Francisco for a potential criminal investigation under an unusual order issued last week by U.S. District Judge William Alsup. Uber had been standing by Levandowski’s right use his Fifth Amendment protections until last week when Alsup issued another decision requiring the company to return any documents belonging to Waymo by May 31. Alsup wrote that “in complying with this order, Uber has no excuse under the Fifth Amendment to pull any punches as to Levandowski.” Uber alluded to Alsup’s stern language in its explaining its change of heart to Levandowski. “While we have respected your personal liberties, it is our view that the court’s order requires us to make these demands of you,” Uber’s general counsel, Salle Yoo, wrote in the letter. Levandowski is fighting back by trying to persuade Alsup to revise his order to protect his Fifth Amendment rights. In a filing, Levandowski’s attorneys argued that it’s unconstitutional for a judge to strong-arm an employer into pressuring a worker to give up his Fifth Amendment rights to remain on the job. “It is an act by the judicial branch of our federal government compelling an individual to choose between preserving his livelihood and preserving his constitutional rights,” Levandowski’s lawyers wrote. Waymo’s lawsuit already has handcuffed Levandowski. The case prompted Levandowski to temporarily step aside as Uber’s top self-driving car executive and avoid working on anything related to lidar, an array of sensors that enables autonomous vehicles to navigate the roads. Alsup has ordered Uber to ensure its work on lidar remains off limits to Levandowski. CONNECTTWEET 2 LINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/2rA35tE
Continue in 3 seconds Login Free Trial/Subscribe Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Search Search Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Name Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Now Reading: The Latest Why Wells Fargo is stepping up fintech partnerships now Podcast Breaking Banks: Small-business fintech around the globe Can vendors bridge gap between legacy tech and open banking? Former Wells Fargo examiner-in-charge sues OCC BankThink Flashback: When sales quotas seemed like a good idea search goes here Why Wells Fargo is stepping up fintech partnerships now By Penny Crosman Published May 18 2017, 3:20pm EDT More in Fintech Disruptors Internet of things Mobile banking Mobile payments Bank technology Wells Fargo Print Email Reprints Share Share on Wells Fargo is putting more focus and effort into its partnerships with tech companies — from giants like Apple, Samsung and PayPal to the smallest startups. In so doing, the $2 trillion-asset bank is adapting to a truth more banks are acknowledging: that customers are no longer coming directly to their branches, apps, websites or call centers. Limited Time Offer Save $400 off your subscription. Special offer ends April 30, 2017. Learn More 14-Day Free Trial No credit card required. Complete access to articles, breaking news and industry data. Get 14-Day Free Trial Have an account? Sign In Get AB in your inbox Newsletter/Frequency Daily Briefing Intraday News Update BankThink Technology Daily Regulation Capital Markets Community Banking Marketplace Lending Retail and Commercial Women in Banking Weekly Top 10 American Banker Magazine Bulletin Sign Up Subscribe Like what you see? Make sure you're getting it all Independent and authoritative analysis and perspective for the banking industry Subscribe American Banker About Us Contact Us The Magazine Daily Report Banker's Glossary Site Map RSS Feed Privacy Policy Content Licensing/Reprints Advertising/Marketing Services © 2017 SourceMedia. All rights reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman IoT Microcontrollers Market Segmentation, Application, Technology & Market Analysis Research Report 2022 PUNE, MAHARASHTRA, INDIA, May 19, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Global IoT Microcontrollers Sales Market Report 2017 IoT Microcontrollers market competition by top manufacturers/players, with IoT Microcontrollers sales volume, Price (USD/Unit), revenue (Million USD) and market share for each manufacturer/player; the top players including ARM Texas Instruments Intel Corporation Qualcomm Atmel Corporation Freescale Semiconductor Marvell Microchip Technology Broadcom Corporation Silicon Laboratories STMicroelectronics Holtek Semiconductor Infineon Technologies NXP Semiconductors GET SAMPLE REPORT @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/906081-global-iot-microcontrollers-sales-market-report-2017 Geographically, this report split global into several key Regions, with sales (Million Units), revenue (Million USD), market share and growth rate of IoT Microcontrollers for these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering United States China Europe Japan Korea Taiwan On the basis of product, this report displays the sales volume (Million Units), revenue (Million USD), product price (USD/Unit), market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into 8-Bit Microcontrollers 16-Bit Microcontrollers 32-Bit Microcontrollers Others On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate of IoT Microcontrollers for each application, including Consumer Electronics Industrial Automation Smart Grids Automotive Healthcare ACCESS REPORT @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/906081-global-iot-microcontrollers-sales-market-report-2017 Table of Contents Global IoT Microcontrollers Sales Market Report 2017 1 IoT Microcontrollers Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of IoT Microcontrollers 1.2 Classification of IoT Microcontrollers by Product Category 1.2.1 Global IoT Microcontrollers Market Size (Sales) Comparison by Type (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global IoT Microcontrollers Market Size (Sales) Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 8-Bit Microcontrollers …CONTINUED List of Tables and Figures Figure Product Picture of IoT Microcontrollers Figure Global IoT Microcontrollers Sales Volume Comparison (Million Units) by Type (2012-2022) Figure Global IoT Microcontrollers Sales Volume Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 Figure 8-Bit Microcontrollers Product Picture Figure 16-Bit Microcontrollers Product Picture …CONTINUED FOR ANY QUERY, CONTACT US @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/906081-global-iot-microcontrollers-sales-market-report-2017 Norah Trent Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. +1 (339) 368 6938 (US)/+91 841 198 5042 (IND) email us here CategoriesUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Arvada, CO Reason #110 Why Donating to the Regional „Share Parents of Utah” Charity (www.Share-Parents-of-Utah.com) is Necessary and Welcomed Next PostNext Global Tattoo Removal Market to Grow at a CAGR of 15.8% by 2021 – Key Vendors are Cutera, Cynosure, Lumenis & Syneron Medical – Research and Markets Search Recent Posts Global Low Harmonic Drives Market to Grow at a CAGR of 4.76% to 2021 Pantoprazole Sodium (CAS 138786-67-1) Professional Survey Report in Forecast to 2022 Health Tech Startup SAFKAN Wins $145,000 Grand Prize at Seattle Angel Conference XI Thom Ross “My Last Conversation with Albert Ball” New Paintings Protein For Fitness Offers Exercise Enthusiasts a One-Stop Reference for Reviews, News, and More Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Computer Vision Market Trends and 2022 Forecast ReportsWeb.com has announced the addition of the Global Computer Vision Market Research Report 2017 The report focuses on global major leading players with information such as company profiles, product picture and specification. (EMAILWIRE.COM, May 19, 2017 ) This report studies Computer Vision in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, China, Japan, Korea and Taiwan, focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with capacity, production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering Cognex Corporation Basler AG Omron Corporation Keyence Corporation Sony Corporation Teledyne Technologies, Inc. Texas Instruments, Inc. Allied Vision Technologies GmbH Intel Corporation Baumer Optronic GmbH JAI A/S For more information about this report at http://www.reportsweb.com/global-computer-vision-market-research-report-2017 Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue, market share and growth rate of Computer Vision in these regions, from 2011 to 2021 (forecast), like North America Europe China Japan Korea Taiwan Split by product type, with production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into PC Systems Smart Camera Systems Split by application, this report focuses on consumption, market share and growth rate of Computer Vision in each application, can be divided into Automotive Pharmaceutical Food and Packaging Others Request a sample copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001644722/sample Table of Content 1 Computer Vision Market Overview 2 Global Computer Vision Market Competition by Manufacturers 3 Global Computer Vision Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2012-2017) 4 Global Computer Vision Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2012-2017) 4.1 Global Computer Vision Consumption by Regions (2012-2017) 4.2 North America Computer Vision Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.3 Europe Computer Vision Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.4 China Computer Vision Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.5 Japan Computer Vision Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.6 Korea Computer Vision Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.7 Taiwan Computer Vision Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 5 Global Computer Vision Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type 5.1 Global Computer Vision Production and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 5.2 Global Computer Vision Revenue and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 5.3 Global Computer Vision Price by Type (2012-2017) 5.4 Global Computer Vision Production Growth by Type (2012-2017) 6 Global Computer Vision Market Analysis by Application 6.1 Global Computer Vision Consumption and Market Share by Application (2012-2017) 6.2 Global Computer Vision Consumption Growth Rate by Application (2012-2017) 6.3 Market Drivers and Opportunities 6.3.1 Potential Applications 6.3.2 Emerging Markets/Countries 7 Global Computer Vision Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 7.1 Cognex Corporation 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.1.2 Computer Vision Product Type, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Product A 7.1.2.2 Product B 7.1.3 Cognex Corporation Computer Vision Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 Basler AG 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.2.2 Computer Vision Product Type, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Product A 7.2.2.2 Product B 7.2.3 Basler AG Computer Vision Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.3 Omron Corporation 7.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.3.2 Computer Vision Product Type, Application and Specification 7.3.2.1 Product A 7.3.2.2 Product B 7.3.3 Omron Corporation Computer Vision Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 8 Computer Vision Manufacturing Cost Analysis 9 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers 10 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders 11 Market Effect Factors Analysis 12 Global Computer Vision Market Forecast (2017-2022) 13 Research Findings and Conclusion Purchase Complete Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/buy&RW0001644722/buy/2900. And get, Discount on report purchase at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001644722/discount. Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +91-20-67278686 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports CNBC Disruptor 50 Portfolio Perspective Iconic Tour College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Tech Guide Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Cybersecurity Tech Guide Why you shouldn't buy a new MacBook right now Apple is said to introduce new MacBook models next month. They'll probably have new Intel processors that are faster, and longer battery life. Our advice is to hold off on buying a new model, if you can. Todd Haselton | @robotodd 14 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Apple plans to introduce refreshed MacBooks next month    11 Hours Ago | 00:41 Don't buy a new MacBook right now, no matter what model you're considering. A report this week suggested that Apple is gearing up to announce new MacBooks as soon as next month during its annual developer conference, known as WWDC. It makes perfect sense, too, since this is where Apple typically unveils new software that powers its computers. In this case, we're expecting an update to macOS. Bloomberg said this week that Apple is planning to introduce, at the very least, a refreshed MacBook Pro with Intel's latest seventh-generation processors. Apple, for whatever reason, wasn't able to get those chips in time for the initial launch of the MacBook Pro with Touch Bar, which only launched back in October. Apple is also planning to update its smaller and thinner MacBook laptops with the new processors, too, so you'll want to make sure you aren't buying that right now either. Additionally, Apple may — though Bloomberg was less confident on this — finally refresh the MacBook Air laptop, its thin-and-light machine that still offers some of the more traditional ports, like full-size USB and an SD card slot, which people still want. Intel's new processors are more powerful and are also more efficient, which means you should see longer battery life out of them. It's unclear if Apple plans to make any other changes to its laptops, but you'd be silly not to sit on the bench for a few weeks just to find out what's in store. Take this as a simple public service announcement. Sit tight on buying a new MacBook, MacBook Air or MacBook Pro right now. Apple should have fresh models on the market very soon. Oh, and for what it's worth, you also shouldn't buy a new iPad Pro yet. Todd HaseltonTechnology Product Editor Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change AAPL --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump James Comey ObamaCare Just In... Trump aide fires back at ‘low energy’ Jeb Bush Blog Briefing Room — 3h 8m ago Venezuelan president slams Trump after new sanctions International — 3h 45m ago Top Dem senator: 'Outrageous' Trump called Comey a 'nut job' National Security — 4h 11m ago Trump leaning toward ending key ObamaCare subsidies: report Healthcare — 4h 29m ago Chelsea Handler recalls run-in with Ivanka: 'I can’t even with you' In The Know — 4h 45m ago GOP senator wouldn’t be ‘surprised’ if Comey forced to cancel testimony Senate — 5h 11m ago Graham ‘surprised’ Comey will testify publicly Senate — 5h 12m ago Anderson Cooper apologizes for 'crude' remark involving Trump Media — 5h 15m ago view all   Mozilla enters net neutrality lobbying fight By Ali Breland - 05/19/17 11:54 AM EDT 24   © Greg Nash Internet nonprofit Mozilla is jumping in on the Washington, D.C., influence fight over the fate of net neutrality. In a lobbying disclosure form released on Monday, the company said that it would be hiring Kountoupes Denham LLC, a D.C. consultancy to lobby on its behalf regarding cybersecurity and the open internet. The firm has previously lobbied on net neutrality issues on behalf of technology interests like Intel and the Google-backed Internet Association, a internet company trade group that represents the likes of Facebook, Amazon and Microsoft. ADVERTISEMENT The disclosure and hire is Mozilla’s first for 2017. The move comes amid an escalating fight over Obama-era net neutrality rules approved by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) in 2015. The rules, officially known as the Open Internet Order, aim to create a level playing field on the internet by forcing broadband providers to treat all web content equally. On Thursday, the battle hit a new flashpoint when the FCC voted in favor of considering Chairman Pai’s proposal to roll back net neutrality measures. Other internet interests have lobbied on net neutrality issues in recent months, including Facebook, Twitter and Microsoft. Broadband providers like Verizon, AT&T and Charter Communications have tried to match their efforts, also spending money on lobbying in favor of rolling back net neutrality regulations, which they argue stifle investment in broadband infrastructure. The nonprofit’s lobbying spending on cybersecurity comes at a time when the area is getting increased attention as well. President Trump’s cybersecurity executive order earlier in the month directed Washington’s attention to an area that many experts think has been underserved. The massive WannaCry ransomware cyberattacks amplified this. “Over the last year, we have seen many instances where hacking tools from the U.S. government have been posted online, and then used – by unknown adversaries – to attack users,” Mozilla said in a blogpost on Wednesday. “We hope they will instead work with technology companies to help protect all of us online.”   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Bush: I predicted Trump would be a... "So far, chaos organizes the presidency." 247 Shares 2 Chelsea Handler recalls run-in... The pair met last October at an event in California, the "Chelsea" host... 239 Shares 3 Comey to testify publicly amid... Comey has agreed to testify before a Senate panel sometime after Memorial... 167 Shares 4 Trump won’t make it four years —... OPINION | Impeachment isn't the only way to leave the Oval Office.  152 Shares 5 Anderson Cooper apologizes for '... "It was unprofessional. I am genuinely sorry." 150 Shares 6 Court strikes down rule forcing... It's a major win for drone hobbyists, who say the FAA doesn’t have the... 149 Shares 7 Why Trump will likely resign as... OPINION | Appointing former FBI Director Robert Mueller as special counsel... 126 Shares 8 Ryan: More audio leaks 'cause for... Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) says the possibility that more secret... 105 Shares 9 Dem frustration grows with... “The skepticism persists,” Sanchez, vice chairman of the House Democratic... 98 Shares 10 Reports of Comey, Spicer hiding in... OPINION | The media is too enthusiastic about promoting false narratives... 95 Shares 11 Senators told of broadening Russia... Lawmakers emerged from the closed-door meeting painting a sober picture. 92 Shares 12 Trump aide fires back at ‘low... Bush remarked Friday that he predicted Trump would be a "chaos president." 74 Shares 13 GOP senator wouldn’t be ‘surprised... Sen. Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa) said Friday evening he wouldn't be "surprised... 74 Shares 14 GOP lawmaker clashes with CNN... "What I think is happening is, there is a conversation about collusion.... 67 Shares 15 First Republicans talk possibility... Republicans are beginning to talk of the possibility that President Trump... 66 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
M³ CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Formation Data Systems? More like formatted data systems: Upstart shuts down They grow up so fast! Veeam Availability Suite reaches the tenth grade Who loves tapas? Of course you do. What about storage tapas? What's 'amazing', cloudy and splattered in red ink? It's quarterly Salesforce results time Dell kills botched BIOS update that murdered punters' PCs Bye bye MP3: You sucked the life out of music. But vinyl is just as warped Kill Google AMP before it KILLS the web Mi casa es su casa: Ubuntu bug makes 'guests' anything but Wannacry: Everything you still need to know because there were so many unanswered Qs LastPass now supports 2FA auth, completely undermines 2FA auth Comodo database glitch causes billing problems Biz overlords need to give a stuff about what they're told by IT crowd Clouds' crazy kinks can spin your wheels and lead you to mistakes Partners? With them? No way, says HPE of Nutanix How do ransomware scum decide what to charge you? The Big Mac index Intel gives Xeon a makeover to bring us colour-coded clouds Management's agile, digital (insert buzzword here) strategy ossifying? Blame the Red Queen Realm opens up to Windows apps Sencha packages web UI widgets for enterprise React devs Wave of DevOps, Containers, CD expertise heads for London Policy The Channel Cook fights for life after Google summit blaze Wow, someone managed to make money on Fitibt stock – oh, 'fraudulently' Broadcom bid for Toshiba Memory Business – report DXC Technology looks to lighten the payroll six weeks after launch Wondering why the office is so productive? Yep, Twitter's knackered Ur dumped lol: Folk may be able to leave mobile contracts via text Huawei spied, US federal jury finds Wonky whitelist update blamed for AT&T's nationwide 911 blackout Geek's Guide And finally, monsieur, a wafer-thin hologram ... Sir, it is only wafer thin Nukes tests caused space weather, say NASA boffins Vigorous tiny vibrations help our universe swell, say particle boffins NASA nixes Trump's moonshot plan Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Why Uber threw top engineer Levandowski under self-driving bus America's drone owner database grounded: FAA rules blown out of sky London City airport swaps control tower for digital cameras You'll get a kick out of this: Qualcomm patents the 'Internet of Shoes' Verity Stob After stiffing us with Trump, Weiner 'fesses to underage cock shot rot Man sues date for cinema texting fiasco, demands $17.31 White House sicko sent down for 20 years after sexting underage girls Leeds cops issue appeal for man-sized todger Data Center Storage Who loves tapas? Of course you do. What about storage tapas? Well, here are some plates full of bite-sized news anyway Hungry for storage savouries? 19 May 2017 at 15:29, Chris Mellor For this round-up of storage news we start with Data Gravity and Veeam, move on to a McLaren super car crash, and pass through company news, some customer wins, news snippets and on to people moves. Did you know Ratmir Timashev has joined a startup's board, or that a blast from the past has arrived at Violin Memory? You will soon enough. Data Gravity Paula Long's Data Gravity startup announced DataGravity for Availability with Veeam support. It automatically responds to data exposure and security threats in a Veeam backup repository. The firm says it is changing the data protection paradigm from being solely a time-based process to an intelligent, automated and targeted one. It says DataGravity for Availability monitors user and file behaviour, identifying and stopping attacks against data such as ransomware as a first step. A second step is rapid recovery with little to no data loss. IT and security teams get a full trace of user and file changes to guide fine-grain restores. These are triggered in realtime once an incident, such as an insider threat or ransomware, is recognised and halted. DataGravity complements Veeam's restore capabilities to provide forensics-level recovery based on a full audit trail of all the changes that occurred within and across backups and by whom. DataGravity for Availability works in conjunction with DataGravity for Virtualization in production. Get more info or a free trial here. Dell EM-Chee HengLoon Chee, a sales channel director for Dell EMC in New Zealand, is up for driving in a dangerous manner after crashing a black NZ$500,000 McLaren super car close to the Point Chevalier motorway on-ramp near Auckland. The car, said to be screaming along, hit a barrier at the side of a motorway, turned over and slid into a ditch, according to a report. One person involved, the driver we suppose, suffered moderate injuries. The actual model of the McLaren is not known. A video shows the car's recovery. Click here to roll the video If convicted of the driving charge, he could be fined up to $4,500 or jailed for up to three months. Gartner The research/analyst house published semiconductor company revenues: "Market Share Analysis: Semiconductors, Worldwide, 2016." Worldwide semiconductor revenue totalled $343.5bn in 2016, a 2.6 per cent increase from 2015 revenue of $334.9bn, and the top 25 semiconductor vendors' combined revenue increased 10.5 per cent, better than overall industry growth; however, most of this growth resulted from merger and acquisition (M&A) activity. Intel retained its position as the largest semiconductor manufacturer and grew its semiconductor revenue 4.6 per cent in 2016. Samsung Electronics maintained its number two spot with 11.7 per cent market share. Merger and acquisition activity among the major vendors in 2016 included Avago Technologies' acquisition of Broadcom Corp to become Broadcom Ltd, On Semiconductor's acquisition of Fairchild Semiconductor, and Western Digital's acquisition of SanDisk. The largest mover in the top 25 was Broadcom Ltd, which moved up 12 places in the market share ranking. infinite io infinite io – a determinedly lower-case startup – has announced network storage controllers which support clustering for scale and fault-tolerance. It says the boxes put the intelligence to move data freely between traditional storage systems and low-cost clouds directly in the network, eliminating the need for complex overlay file systems and cloud gateways. Data is automatically moved to the most cost-effective and performance-matched location while maintaining a consistent access profile. Infinite IO – we're a standard case media outlet – says its technology installs in the network like a switch and uses deep packet inspection technology to understand and monitor storage traffic in realtime at wire rates. The collected information is used to abstract storage systems and the cloud at the network level, creating a transparent control plane. Accessing clients and servers get a consolidated view of all data that appears just as it did when all data was stored locally on traditional storage, even though the majority of it has been migrated to a low-cost cloud. Customers get a seamless hybrid cloud and on-premises environment. The company says its product is able to capture metadata requests inflight over the network and respond with a copy of the information directly from memory, in a fraction of the time it takes the fastest all-flash storage arrays to respond. By intercepting these requests before they reach an end-point storage system or cloud, Infinite IO is able to enhance the [access] performance of data in use whether stored on a storage system or a cloud. CEO Mark Cree said: "Infinite IO is doing to the storage industry what ride sharing apps did for transportation. Just like ride sharing apps do not own vehicles, Infinite IO does not actually store any data. [It] transparently moves the storage control plane into the network where it belongs... Storage systems do not move data, networks do, and in the age of the world-wide web it's time to tap into this knowledge base to transform data management." Interesting idea, retrofitting public cloud storage to legacy arrays and virtualising the access. The new clustered controllers are in beta and are planned to be released this quarter. Single controller pricing starts at $59,995 and varies by configuration. More info here. Kaminario and ViON All-flash array firm Kaminario is partnering with ViON to deliver flash-as-a-service to US Federal agencies. ViON will implement the Kaminario K2 all-flash storage array with an as-a-service model. Kaminario is already included on three of ViON's contract vehicles including CIO-CS, SEWP Group B SDVOSB and NCPA. ViON's president and CEO Tom Frana said: "Our partnership with Kaminario will allow customers to gain new cost efficiencies, along with the performance, scalability, and agility needed to achieve their objectives." We asked Kaminario a couple of questions about this. El Reg: Where are the Kaminario arrays located? Kaminario: It's the customer's choice. The arrays can be located in a customer data center provided as infrastructure-as-a-service with their staff, or off-premises as a managed service in a partner data center with the highest certifications to serve state government or Federal agencies. These partner data centers are compliant with FedRamp, FISMA, CIGS as well as IRS and healthcare laws and DOJ regulations for the management of data. El Reg: And how do Federal users access them? Is it over a network? Kaminario: If it's on-premise with the customer, it's located behind their firewall and part of the customer's existing network. If it's off-premise, ViON uses trusted connections with partner data centers that already have the infrastructure to support Federal agencies. We've been doing this since 2003, so that connectivity is not a hurdle for us and the Kaminario K2 flash arrays provide the ease and scalability the Federal space needs. N2W Software Israeli startup N2W Software has gained funding, a new CEO and COO, and a glamorous board member. Its Cloud Protection Manager (CPM) product offering, which protects and enables recovery of Amazon Web Services (AWS) EC2 instances, including all volumes and configurations, with a mouse click. Cloud Protection Manager can also instantly recover EC2 instances to other AWS regions or AWS accounts, for disaster recovery. This CPM product is available as an Amazon Machine Image (AMI) on the AWS Marketplace, with Basic Edition, with five backup instances, prices starting at $62.50/month, and up to $750/month for the Enterprise Edition with 500 backup instances. N2W Software was founded in 2012 by now ex-CEO Uri Wolloch and VP Business development Ohad Kritz. The new CEO is Jason Judge, who was previously CEO of 5Nine Software, Veriato, and ScriptLogic. Wolloch becomes the CTO. The new COO is Andrew Langsam who was part of the LOGICnow team that was recently acquired by SolarWinds, and part of the SciptLogic team that was acquired by Quest Software. Ophir Shalitin is the CMO. Ratmir Timashev Veeam co-founder and president Ratmir Timashev is joining N2W's board, which is a nice vote of confidence. The undisclosed A-round investment, described as significant, comes from shy and retiring private equity and venture capital firm Insight Venture Partners. We think it's in the tens of millions of dollars area; say $20m-40m. The invested cash will be used to enhance the CPM product and also help N2W expand its sales and marketing efforts. The company will expand its development centre in Haifa, Israel, and open a new headquarters in the United States based in West Palm Beach, FL. Find out more about N2W Software here, especially if you are a marketing, sales and development person looking for a new job in Haifa or West Palm Beach. Customer wins Hitachi Elevator, the elevator company that had risen to be the world's most popular lift supplier [Ed – sorry], has decided to use Nutanix and its AVH hyperconverged system. It's deploying big data, remote surveillance and manufacturing execution system applications, as well as migrating other applications off a legacy multi-tier environment based on EMC storage, to the Nutanix Enterprise Cloud Platform. Startup Rozo Systems – a provider of software defined, erasure coding using, scale-out NAS storage using the Mojette Transform – says the IRCCS Istituto di Ricerche Farmacologiche Mario Negri in Milan, Italy, is using RozoFS for storage and analysis of next-generation sequencing data (NGS), in preference to a 20-node clustered NFS filer alternative. Nibs BackupAssist, which sells automated Windows server backup and recovery software for small and medium enterprises (SMEs), says its v10.0 BackupAssist backup and disaster recovery software lets customers choose between AWS and Azure for the storage of their backup data. They can choose redundancy level and backup vault locations to meet cost, compliance, and performance requirements. Cisco and SAP say SAPId often run on UCS servers, and they are working to optimise the SAP-UCS server customer experience with unique features for smoother manageability and better return on investment (ROI). An IDC survey found UCS is the leading platform for SAP HANA deployments, as well as its leading storage infrastructure vendor, with 20.4 per cent vendor share in both categories. DCIG announced the availability of its 2017-18 Hyperconverged Infrastructure Appliance Buyer's Guide developed from the converged infrastructure body of research. It weighs, scores and ranks more than 100 features of 24 products from five vendors. Using ranking categories of Recommended and Excellent, DCIG says this Buyer's Guide offers much of the information an organisation should need to make a highly informed decision as to which hyperconverged appliance will suit their needs. Register to access this report via the DCIG Competitive Intelligence Portal. Hong Kong-based XSky Beijing Data Technology has had a US$17 million (RMB 120 million) funding B-round, having previously raised US$7 million in a 2016 A-round and US$3 million in a pre-A-round in 2015, the year of its founding. It develops open source storage software and has partnerships with Intel, Mellanox and Samsung. The X-EBS product is enterprise grade distributed block storage and X-CBS (XSKY Cloud Block Storage) is carrier grade software-defined, scale-out storage. Zadara Storage, a provider of enterprise-class storage-as-a-service (STaaS), and IT service provider consalco. have opened a storage-as-a-service demo centre near Munich, Germany, in collaboration with Intel. Presumably it will get a Xeon SP upgrade later this year. Zadara says its Zadara Storage provides enterprise-grade storage-as-a-service in any location (cloud, on-premises or hybrid configurations), supporting any data type (block, file and object) and connecting to any protocol (FC, iSCSI, iSER, NFS, CIFS, S3 and Swift). These offerings combine servers with Xeon E5 v4 processors and Intel 3D NAND SSDs, with the Zadara Storage Cloud software architecture, to offer a fully managed, elastic storage service. People DataCore Software has announced the appointment of Rosario Perri as director of strategic partners and alliances across EMEA. Andre Leibovici has joined Datrium as vice president of solutions and alliances, coming from Nutanix. He'll be responsible for expanding the global partner ecosystem by developing strategic and technology-driven partnerships to accelerate the adoption of Datrium Data Cloud and DVX Rackscale system. At Nutanix he was senior director for alliances engineering and vertical alliances. Storage Made Easy has appointed Ron Kaplan as the regional vice president (RVP) responsible for North America, and Kim Syrett as UK sales director. Pankaj Patel Pankaj Patel has joined hybrid cloud storage supplier SwiftStack's board of directors. He is a former Cisco chief development officer and will be focused on advising SwiftStack in the areas of technology strategy, partner go-to-market, and scaling the company. Cisco is Swiftstack's largest partner. Vic Mahadevan has joined Violin Memory as a strategic advisor. We're told he has served as chief strategy officer at NetApp, CEO for five companies, and has played strategic roles at various companies including LSI Corporation and BMC Software. Mahadevan was on board before, in 2014 and associated with the Clinton Group, an activist investor then trying to get Violin to change its ways. It didn't... and fell into bankruptcy. Now it's back and so is Mahedavan. We watch and wait. ® Tips and corrections Post a comment MORE Cisco Datacore Kaminario Sign up to our Newsletter Get IT in your inbox daily Subscribe More from The Register Cisco gobbles AI biz MindMeld for $125m Platforms, platforms, platforms, powering workplace of future, yada, yada 2 Comments Cisco warns: Some products might have WannaCrypt vuln To other vendors using embedded Windows: where are your warnings and patches? 14 Comments Cisco boxen hang after 213-and-a-half days ASA and Firepower kit have death clock. Fix it by rebooting 6 Comments Cisco slurps Viptela to bolster SD-WAN management US$610 million shaves a third from last year's valuation 3 Comments Cisco NetFlow kit can be borked with a bad packet Also patched today: Cisco Prime Infrastructure Cisco waves swatter at ten new vulnerabilities It's 2017, and UPnP is still a critical attack vector Whitepapers Mobile App Security Program Management Handbook Whether you are starting from square one with a mobile app security initiative, have ad-hoc tasks you want to consolidate, or just want to improve an existing program. Hybrid and Public Cloud for Mission-critical Deployment Red Hat is a modern-day success story; it’s open-source software (OSS) model has now penetrated nearly every layer of IT systems that were once proprietary. Network Management and Operational Efficiency Learn how you can decrease network complexity and help your IT staff do their jobs better and faster. Risk-Driven Identity and Access Management Process Framework Describing how security and risk professionals can apply risk concepts across the entire iAM process portfolio and use behavior-based trending methods. Most read Dell BIOS update borks PCs Kill Google AMP before it KILLS the web The real battle of Android's future – who controls the updates Windows 10: Triumphs and tragedies from Microsoft Build ‪There's a ransom-free fix for WannaCry‬pt. Oh snap, you've rebooted your XP box Spotlight Dell EMC man: Hyperconverged is love, hyperconverged is life, but won't kill SAN yet Data trashed? When RPO 0 isn't enough Symmetrix daddy Moshe Yanai on chair-throwing and storage Stealth-cloaked startup claims to be developing super-fast arrays. How fast? Well... Finally – from brandbox to whitebox: Storage fabric is SDS realised Manchester college swaps out disk for rackful of hybrid flash Sweet AFA: Pure sees flash of Big Blue as it drops to fifth behind IBM SolidFire chief talks up secret upcoming hyperconverged system Sponsored links Get The Register's Headlines in your inbox daily - quick signup! Moving to the Cloud? Get a quote on selling IT. Get your cash back. About us Who we are Under the hood Contact us Advertise with us More content Week’s headlines Top 20 stories Alerts Whitepapers Situation Publishing The Next Platform Continuous Lifecycle London M-cubed Webinars The Register - Independent news, views and opinion for the tech sector. Part of Situation Publishing Sign up to our Newsletters Join our daily or weekly newsletters, subscribe to a specific section or set News alerts Subscribe Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Cookies Privacy Ts&Cs
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Monitors Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums CNET Magazine Latest Stories Subscribe Video Apple Byte CNET Top 5 How To Googlicious Smart Home Tech Today News Next Big Thing Special Features CNET Podcasts Laptops Phones Tablets TVs How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Best Cars News Reviews Recalls Pictures AutoComplete Carfection Cooley On Cars Concept Cars Electric Cars How to buy the best Coupe Crossover Electric Vehicle Family Car Hybrid Minivan Sedan Truck Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español Apple's new campus has just about everything, except day care The futuristic "Spaceship," aka Apple Park, features trees and a massive gym but no help for young parents. Tech Industry by Shara Tibken May 18, 2017 12:30 PM PDT @sharatibken Apple's flashy new $5 billion campus, one of the last projects worked on by company co-founder Steve Jobs before his death, has custom-built door handles, thousands of trees and a 100,000-square-foot fitness and wellness facility that boasts a two-story yoga room covered in custom distressed stone. What the campus doesn't have, though, is a day care center. The question people in Silicon Valley are asking is: Should it? "Huge gym but no day care. Apple campus gets it wrong," tweeted longtime tech executive Mitch Kapor, who invests in social impact tech startups through Kapor Capital and the Kapor Center for Social Impact. He declined to comment beyond his tweet but later posted an article about how his old company, Lotus Development Corp., opened a day care center at its offices in 1990. Huge gym but no day care. Apple campus gets it wrong. https://t.co/qcSiAxyfeV /a> — Mitch Kapor (@mkapor) May 17, 2017"> Fellow Lotus pioneer and later Microsoft Chief Software Architect Ray Ozzie also tweeted the story about the Lotus day care and said, "As engineers w/young kids, this is why we loved tech culture c.1990. This is leadership." Quartz called the move a "missed opportunity," while Slate asked, "Shouldn't Apple and companies like it want to set an example that the workplace of the future cares about its employees' families?" Apple didn't respond to several requests for information about why it decided not to include a day care facility at the new Apple Park campus, which opened last month and will hold 12,000 employees, or about what child care benefits it currently offers employees. The company has said it provides backup care to help its workers if their child care (or elder care) providers are unexpectedly not available. But it's unclear if one of the world's best-known and most profitable brands, thanks to its iPhone and iPad, subsidizes regular child care costs. Why is this even a topic of discussion? Because Apple and other tech companies have been working to diversify their workforce, which includes boosting the number of female employees. Under CEO Tim Cook's leadership, Apple has put itself at the front of social issues like LGBT rights, racial equality and the tech industry's need to improve workforce diversity. 12 Apple's next-gen campus nears launch Still, Apple's latest diversity report showed the percentage of women rose only one percentage point from the previous year, to 32 percent. One way to attract women, say experts, is by being more accommodating to families. Apple has added benefits like extended maternity leave, an adoption reimbursement program and egg freezing -- just as other tech companies like Facebook and Intel do. But the lack of onsite day care puzzles some, who say it could restrain the advancement of women at Apple, or limit the number who stick with the company. "At every stage in their careers, women do more housework and child care than men -- and there appears to be a link between the amount of work people do at home and their leadership ambition," according to a joint study conducted by LeanIn.org and McKinsey & Co. Apple has only one woman, retail chief Angela Ahrendts, among its top 11 executives, who meet with Cook each week to set the company's strategy and its product roadmap. In the majority Apple is far from alone when it comes to the day care issue. Only 2 percent of US employers offered subsidized child care centers -- either on the company's campus or nearby -- in 2016, down from 9 percent in 1996, according to an employee benefits survey by the Society for Human Resource Management. Reasons often cited for not having on-campus child care include cost (not a factor for Apple, which has more than $250 billion in cash) and the complications of running a highly regulated facility. States have different rules about the number of caregivers required for a given number of children, and some employers worry about liability (note: operating an on-campus gym also comes with risks and liabilities, so this is a concern that can be overcome). See also Apple says it's mended the pay gap for women, minorities Apple pushes diversity, but progress is slow Futuristic Apple 'spaceship' headquarters to open in April Some also worry that parents will be easily distracted if their kids are so nearby. Samsung didn't have a child care center when it opened its 1.1-million-square-foot office in San Jose, California, in late 2015. And while Facebook's Frank Gehry-designed headquarters in nearby Menlo Park, which opened earlier that same year, doesn't have day care facilities either, the social network does subsidize employees' child care costs. Intel has a contract with an early childhood education provider that gives employees a tuition discount, waives enrollment and registration fees, and provides space for emergency backup child care. The world's largest chipmaker also partners with two family child care networks to cover extended hours not generally served by traditional day care centers. Google, Cisco and Genentech are among the few companies that do offer on-campus child care services. Genentech says its center "allows working parents the flexibility they need while caring for a child and the peace-of-mind they require to know their child is nearby and properly cared for." Cisco says "providing child care options allows our employees to be their best." Good business sense Providing child care benefits to employees isn't just the right thing to do, it also makes sense from a business perspective, experts say. Working parents experience fewer missed days and schedule changes when they get child care assistance. They also work more hours and stay with the same employer longer, according to a January report from Child Care Aware of America. US businesses lose about $4.4 billion each year due to employee absenteeism that results from child care breakdowns, said the group, which promotes national policies and partnerships to advance the development of children. Over a six-month period, 45 percent of parents are absent from work at least once, and miss an average of 4.3 days, due to child care problems, the report said. And 65 percent of parents' work schedules are affected by child care challenges an average of 7.5 times over a six-month period. "Access to high-quality child care increases morale and employer loyalty, but businesses suffer when child care is unavailable for working parents -- to the tune of over $4 billion annually," Lynette M. Fraga, executive director of Child Care Aware of America, said in her organization's 2016 report. Apple's 'spaceship' campus Apple Park lands in April The futuristic campus will have a giant ring-shaped building covered in glass and a theater named after former CEO Steve Jobs. by Lexy Savvides 1:17 Close Drag Autoplay: ON Autoplay: OFF Apple overall isn't as generous with perks as some of its Silicon Valley rivals. Lunch isn't free in its cafeterias, for instance, while companies like Google, Facebook and Dropbox serve gratis gourmet meals to their employees. Staffers also pay to use Apple's gym at its 1 Infinite Loop headquarters in Cupertino, California. It's unclear whether the new megafitness center will be free. Apple had a chance to set an example on child care. We don't know why it decided not to, but experts say other companies shouldn't dismiss the idea. "We need to be able to take care of ourselves and our bodies by having great gyms, but we also have to make sure to have healthy learning environments that are safe for our children," said Julie Kashen, policy director for Make It Work, a national campaign focused on economic justice for women and working families. When it comes to child care, Kashen said, "I think they should do it because it's the right thing to do, and I think they should do it because it's better for their employees and their productivity." CNET's Dara Kerr contributed to this report. Does the Mac still matter? Apple execs tell why the MacBook Pro was over four years in the making, and why we should care. Solving for XX: The industry seeks to overcome outdated ideas about "women in tech." Share your voice 0 comments Tags Apple Tech Industry Tech Culture Women in Tech Apple All the latest Apple news, featuring developments on the iPhone, iPad, Macbooks, OS X and much more. May 19 New details for MacBooks and MacBook Pros coming to WWDC 17 May 19 Track sleep with your Apple Watch May 19 12 ways to improve iPad battery life May 19 Stevie Wonder performs at Apple for Accessibility Awareness Day All Apple Stories More stories ​Uber to engineer: Comply with court in Waymo suit ... or else Google I/O, unpacked (The 3:59, Ep. 230 extended edition) Uber is hoping to make life a little better for its drivers Dear Travis Kalanick, watch this deodorant ad Close   Discuss: Apple's new campus has just about everything,... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: What do we call the virtual future? Google and Microsoft have plenty of suggestions CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options DOW- NASDAQ- S&P 500- Deere leaps ahead on massive Q2 earnings burst >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Trading > Trading Advice > Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT) Stock Is the REAL Winner in Semiconductors The Nvidia-Intel-AMD battle royal will keep AMAT stock headed higher By Joseph Hargett, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  May 19, 2017, 9:30 am EDT     View All   Popular Posts: Volatile Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock Is a Gold Mine Don’t Go Soft on Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Stock Just Yet Monday’s Vital Data: Apple Inc. (AAPL), Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) and Snap Inc (SNAP) Recent Posts: Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT) Stock Is the REAL Winner in Semiconductors Friday’s Vital Data: Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (BABA), Nvidia Corporation (NVDA), and Pandora Media Inc (P) Buy the Trump Dip in Facebook Inc (FB) Stock View All Posts Competition is heating up between the leading chip makers, and that means retooling and better, more advanced production equipment … music to the ears of Applied Materials, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMAT) investors. The world’s leading semiconductor equipment maker reported blowout fiscal second-quarter earnings Thursday night, and AMAT stock is riding higher Friday as a result. Source: Mattia Accornero via Flickr Today, we have a pair of trades that will help you ride that upward momentum amid a growing war for market share between the world’s leading semiconductor manufacturers. By the numbers, Applied Materials said it earned 79 cents per share in the quarter, up from 34 cents per share a year ago. Revenue jumped 44.9% to $3.55 billion. Analysts were expecting earnings of 76 cents a share on revenue of $3.53 billion. What’s more, with Nvidia Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA), Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMD) and Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) locked in probably the most heated battle for market share since the dotcom boom, Applied Materials’ outlook was well above Wall Street’s expectations. AMAT issued third-quarter guidance of 79 cents to 87 cents per share on revenue of $3.6 billion to $3.75 billion, easily eclipsing the Street’s view for 68 cents per share on revenue of $3.41 billion. “Across the company we have tremendous momentum as our markets are strong and getting stronger, and we’re sustainably growing faster than these markets by expanding our served opportunity and gaining share,” CEO Gary Dickerson said in the earnings announcement. Applied Materials: Sentiment and Charts That said, investors weren’t caught completely off guard by the strong report, as sentiment was already rather bullish on AMAT stock. For instance, Thomson/First Call reports that 20 of the 23 analysts following AMAT stock rate it “buy” or better. But, there’s room for improvement as well, with the 12-month consensus price target of $43.89 arriving below Applied Materials’ current perch north of $44. Look for analysts to issue upgrades or price target increases to make up for the difference, potentially adding to the stock’s post-earnings rally. In the options pits, speculative traders are betting big on AMAT stock. Currently, the June put/call open interest ratio comes in at 0.62, with calls nearly doubling puts among near-term options. Still, Applied Materials has already topped peak June call OI of 3,600 contracts at the $43 strike and could be bearing down on the 2,500 calls open at the $45 strike before the close today. While some profit taking is to be expected following earnings, look for options traders to adjust their targets higher over the next several weeks. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/05/applied-materials-inc-amat-stock-is-the-real-winner-in-semiconductors/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Cash-Rich, Debt-Free Stocks to Buy to Clobber the Market 3 Dow Jones Icons Set to Surge on a Rebound 7 Small Caps With Mega-Growth Potential 3 Retail REITs to Salvage for Their Inflated Yields 10 M&A Deals We Would Love to See The Next Big Amazon Stock Catalyst ... ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 3 Dow Jones Icons That Will Surge on the Rebound 3 Retail REITs to Salvage for Their Inflated Yields 10 Mergers & Acquisitions Investors Would Love to See 7 Cash-Rich, Debt-Free Stocks to Buy to Clobber the Market 7 Small-Cap Stocks With Mega-Growth Potential Most Popular 7 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy for Every Kind of Investor The 5 Most Vulnerable Stocks in the Market Right Now 7 Criminally Underrated Tech Stocks to Buy Now! The 10 Best Growth Stocks for Retirement 7 Big Bank Stocks Getting Clocked by Trump Chaos The 3 Best Dow Jones Stocks to Buy Poll of the Day View and vote in our How confident are you about the U.S. economy under President Donald Trump? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR More Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Tech Laptops Panasonic’s latest Toughbook hides a surprisingly good computer under its rugged exterior New, 7 comments by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg May 19, 2017, 10:06am EDT share tweet Linkedin At first glance, Panasonic’s latest Toughbook — the Toughbook 33 — looks a lot like every other Toughbook model out there. Rugged exterior, covered ports, bulky plastic design clearly meant more for durability than aesthetics. But the most impressive thing about the Toughbook isn’t that it’s as close to indestructible as a laptop can be, but rather that in addition to being incredibly durable, it’s also still got specs that are just as good as any other high-end laptop on the market. Specs that are just as good as any other high-end laptop The Toughbook 33 is a 2-in-1 convertible, with a completely detachable 12-inch tablet featuring a 4K touchscreen offering some unique software features to allow it to function in rain or while wearing gloves. Panasonic is selling the Toughbook 33 in both Intel Core i5 and Core i7 variants — the latest Kaby Lake models if you’re willing to run Windows 10, and Skylake chips if you still need to run Windows 7 (which many Toughbook customers do for backwards compatibility purposes.) Windows 10 users will be able to use Windows Hello using the integrated camera, which also has IR for use in darker situations. RAM is either 8GB and 16GB, while storage is a choice between a 256GB or 512GB SSD. Also available is optional on-board LTE, with support for Verizon, AT&T, or Sprint. Battery life is rated for 10 hours using the standard batteries, or up to 20 hours using the optional long life batteries. The Toughbook 33 uses two batteries at a time, meaning that you can also hot-swap them without shutting down the laptop for even further battery life. The biggest downside here is the size — at 6.1 pounds, it’s not exactly the lightest laptop around (for reference, at 3.02 pounds, a 13-inch MacBook Pro weights less than half of that.) Of course, the Toughbook 33 is still a Toughbook, which means that it’s tested to survive a wide range of conditions. According to Panasonic, the Toughbook 33 is designed to meet the military grade MIL-STD-810G specification (which tests against an impressive list of scenarios including “drop, shock, vibration, rain, dust, sand, altitude, freeze/thaw, high/low temperature, temperature shock, solar radiation, salt fog, humidity, [and] explosive atmosphere.”), the MIL-STD-461 specification for electromagnetic compatibility, and is IP65 certified against dust and water. The Toughbook 33 (and the Toughbook line in general) is designed more for police officers, firefighters, EMS technicans, and other demanding in-the-field jobs that need that kind of durability than it is for the average consumer, so you won’t be able to buy one directly from Panasonic, although apparently there will be resellers that will offer the device if you’d really like to buy one. It’s also not particularly cheap — while Panasonic is offering a wide variety of configurations based on specific needs and use cases, the Toughbook 33 starts at $3,649. Still, even though it’s decidedly not meant for the average consumer, I can’t help but want one anyway. A Windows 10 laptop with the latest Intel hardware and a 4K screen that can get up to 20 hours of battery life and has LTE connectivity? Why aren’t there consumer laptops like that? Next Up In Circuit Breaker Here’s a French e-reader with colorful smart cases and a square shape Oculus Research's focal surface display could make VR much more comfortable for our eyeballs Linux distros won’t run on Windows 10 S after all Should Samsung Galaxy S8 owners buy a Gear VR or Google Daydream? AMD's next GPU generation is almost ready The Arc Hub is the best USB-C hub for right now Now Trending ‘Doomsday’ seed vault meant to survive global disasters breached by climate change Fortunately, no seeds were damaged How does Google Assistant stack up against Siri on an iPhone? Siri vs. Assistant Google made a site that shows how millions of people draw the same object Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 11. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Apple may face backlash in China over demanding App Store cut on tips by Nick Statt 7 comments / new Here’s a French e-reader with colorful smart cases and a square shape by Ashley Carman 4 comments / new Netflix’s Orange is the New Black Mirror gag requires dozens of hours of binging for a two-minute payoff by Megan Farokhmanesh Oculus Research's focal surface display could make VR much more comfortable for our eyeballs by Paul Miller Hype Machine is struggling to stay online, and that’s a shame by Andrew Liptak 2 comments / new With animal farts and singing mice, Twitter's scientists introduce themselves to Bill Nye by Rachel Becker and Alessandra Potenza 1 comment / new Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
HOME NEWS Channels Archive DOWNLOADS New Downloads Categories Archive GAME REVIEWS ARTICLES Rig of the Month Join ROTM PC Buyers Guide Guru3D VGA Charts Editorials Dated content HARDWARE REVIEWS Videocards Processors Audio Motherboards Memory and Flash SSD Storage Chassis Media Players Power Supply Laptop and Mobile Smartphone Networking Keyboard Mouse Cooling Search articles Knowledgebase More Categories FORUMS NEWSLETTER CONTACT New Reviews PowerColor Radeon RX 580 Red Devil review AMD Ryzen 5 1600 review Corsair GLAIVE RGB game mouse review Nvidia Testla Volta V100 and GV100 Preview Fractal Design Celsius S36 review Palit GeForce GTX 1080 Ti GameRock Premium Review ASUS ROG Maximus IX Extreme motherboard review ZOTAC GeForce GTX 1080 Ti AMP Extreme review EVGA GeForce GTX 1080 FTW2 review Guru3D Rig of the Month - April 2017 New Downloads Display Driver Uninstaller Download version 17.0.6.5 AMD Radeon Software Crimson ReLive 17.5.2 driver download GeForce Hotfix driver 382.19 download Intel HD graphics Driver Download Version: 15.45.18.4664 SiSoft Sandra 2017 download RTMa (build 24.18) AMD Radeon Software Crimson ReLive 17.5.1 driver download GeForce 382.05 WHQL driver download AMD Radeon Software Crimson ReLive 17.4.4 driver download GeForce 381.89 WHQL driver download AMD Chipset Drivers Download v17.10 New Forum Topics Mass Effect: Andromeda AMD Ryzen 14nm Wafer Yields Pass 80% - Threadripper CPUs on track A tribute to the best looking game ever - Crysis The AMD Ryzen All In One Tread /Overclocking/Memory Speeds & Timings/Tweaking/Cooling PREY REBOOT - It's a coming.... PREY 2 == Cancelled RTSS 6.7.0 beta 1 The GTX 1050 Ti and GTX 1050 thread The GTX 1080-Ti Thread Asrock BIOS and 3200 mhz! ram Need help finding a TV for PC setup Guru3D.com » News » G.SKILL Organizes OC World Record Stage and OC World Cup at Computex 2017 G.SKILL Organizes OC World Record Stage and OC World Cup at Computex 2017 by Hilbert Hagedoorn on: 05/19/2017 02:44 PM | Source | 0 comment(s) G.SKILL is thrilled to announce its largest annual LN2 extreme overclocking events at Computex – the 6th Annual OC World Record Stage 2017 and 4th Annual OC World Cup 2017. In addition, an Extreme OC Workshop event  at the G.SKILL booth this year.  These 3 events will be held throughout Computex week at the G.SKILL Computex booth in the Nangang Exhibition Hall, 1F, Booth J0806. 6th Annual OC World Record Stage 2017 The G.SKILL OC World Record Stage event has reached its 6th year in the running and has become one of the biggest annual overclocking events in the community. This year, 18 world-class professional overclockers will be attending and aim to break as many benchmark records as possible, showing off the astounding performance of the latest hardware from Intel, leading motherboard vendors, and G.SKILL. 4th Annual OC World Cup 2017 – $10K USD for the Champion G.SKILL OC World Cup awards the highest single cash prize in overclocking competition history. The contest rules and format are specifically designed for extreme memory overclockers. The top 6 extreme overclockers qualified from the online qualifier competition stage on HWBOT will compete live at the G.SKILL booth and demonstrate advanced LN2 overclocking skills at its finest. The Grand Final OC Champion will be walking away with the ultimate $10,000 USD cash prize. Extreme Overclocking Workshop This year, in addition to the two G.SKILL annual overclocking events, G.SKILL joins forces with HWBOT and co-hosts a LN2 extreme OC workshop at the G.SKILL booth. This workshop gives Computex visitors the rare opportunity to experience LN2 overclocking and try to achieve record-breaking high-speed CPU frequency or DDR4 frequency, guided step-by-step by professional overclockers. Rate this story Rating: 1 ... Bad 2 ... Not the best 3 ... Average 4 ... Good 5 ... Awesome « LG Shipped 44 million LCD TVs in Q1 2017 · G.SKILL Organizes OC World Record Stage and OC World Cup at Computex 2017 · Legion Y920 From Lenovo Gets Mech Keyboard and G-Sync Display » Related Stories G.SKILL Announces RIPJAWS KM560 MX Tenkeyless Mechanical Keyboard - 04/28/2017 02:05 PM G.Skill launches their RIPJAWS KM560 MX Tenkeyless mechanical gaming keyboard. This new addition of the compact tenkeyless mechanical keyboard is designed for gamers and users who require a smaller ... G.SKILL Launches DDR4-4333MHz 16GB Memory Kit and Reaches DDR4-4500 MHz Speed - 04/14/2017 10:28 PM G.Skill is excited to announce a new extreme speed memory kit running at DDR4-4333MHz at 16GB (8GBx2) capacity. And continuing with the pursuit of extreme memory speeds on the latest hardware, G.SKILL... G.SKILL Launches Trident Z RGB DDR4-3333MHz 128GB (16GBx8) Kits - 04/07/2017 02:53 PM G.SKILL is thrilled to release new ultra-high capacity Trident Z RGB DDR4 memory kits based on 16GB modules designed for Intel X99 and Z270 platforms.... G.Skill Flare X 3200 MHz (AMD Ryzen) memory review - 04/04/2017 08:46 AM In this article we'll take the new G.Skill Flare X 3200 MHz memory kit and have a closer look at the effect of memory frequencies on applications and games. Next to that we'll also address tweaking ... G.SKILL Launchs Flare X Series and Ryzen Optimized FORTIS Series DDR4 - 03/03/2017 03:17 PM G.SKILL is announcing two new DDR4 memory series, the Flare X series and FORTIS series, designed and tested specifically for the new AMD Ryzen processor platform. With a brand new architecture, proces... Post New Comment Click here to post a comment for this news story on the message forum. Guru3D.com © 2017
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Help Make A Great 2017: Did you know that you can get Phoronix Premium for under $3 per month? Try it today to view our site ad-free, multi-page articles on a single page, and more while the proceeds allow us to write more Linux hardware reviews. OpenGL vs. Vulkan With Intel Kabylake On Linux 4.12 + Mesa 17.2-dev Written by Michael Larabel in Linux Gaming on 19 May 2017. Page 1 of 3. 1 Comment It's been a while since delivering any fresh comparison of Intel's open-source OpenGL and Vulkan Linux graphics drivers, so for your viewing pleasure this Friday, here is a fresh comparison while making use of the Linux 4.12 development kernel and Mesa 17.2-dev. With the Intel Core i7 7700K "Kabylake" test system and its HD Graphics 630, some fresh ANV Vulkan vs. i965 Mesa DRI driver comparison tests were done. Mesa 17.2-dev was as of this week using the Padoka PPA on Ubuntu 17.04 x86_64. The Linux OpenGL vs. Vulkan gaming test cases were Dota 2, Talos Principle, and Serious Sam Fusion 2017. All of these benchmarks were automated in a fully-reproducible manner using the open-source Phoronix Test Suite benchmarking software. Tweet Page 1 - IntroductionPage 2 - OpenGL vs. Vulkan On IntelPage 3 - OpenGL vs. Vulkan On Intel Page: 123Next Page 1 Comment Related Articles Trying Out Ballistic Overkill On Linux With Vulkan NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti: Windows 10 Creators Update vs. Ubuntu Linux Gaming CPUFreq vs. P-State CPU Scaling Governor Tests On Various Vulkan/OpenGL Games Vulkan vs. OpenGL For Mad Max On AMD Ryzen NVIDIA Vulkan Driver Shows Impressive Mad Max Linux Performance Trending Linux News AMD Releases Optimizing C/C++ Compiler For Ryzen Open-Source Windows: ReactOS 0.4.5 Now Available AMD Talks Up Vega Frontier Edition, Epyc, Zen 2, ThreadRipper GNOME Plans Switch To GitLab For Development Infrastructure NVIDIA Introduces Low-Profile GeForce GT 1030 Latest Linux News Benchmarks: PostgreSQL 10 Performance Is Looking Good ARB_bindless_texture Patches Posted For RadeonSI Gallium3D Shogun 2 On Linux Will Work With Radeon GPUs On Mesa 17.1, NVIDIA 375+ Intel Working On Thunderbolt Security Levels For Linux, Firmware Updates GeForce GT 1030 Will Work With NVIDIA 381 Linux Driver, Good Luck With Nouveau Mozilla's Servo Still Striving For WebGL Support Endless Flatpaks Steam ThinkPad T430 Ported To Mainline Coreboot Warhammer 40,000: Dawn of War III Coming To Linux Next Month Trying The LLVM SI Machine Instruction Scheduler With Mesa 17.2 + LLVM 5.0 Latest Featured Articles Benchmarking AMD's New AOCC Compiler For Ryzen OpenGL vs. Vulkan With Intel Kabylake On Linux 4.12 + Mesa 17.2-dev Radeon's ROCm 1.5 OpenCL Support Is Working Out Better Core i7 7700K vs. Ryzen 7 1800X With Ubuntu 17.04 + Linux 4.12 Linux 4.12 + Mesa 17.2-dev Yields Noticeable Advantages For Radeon Gamers On Ubuntu 17.04 Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2017 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
Home Business All Companies Enterprise Comms Start-ups Discovery All Innovation Machines Earth Science Careers All Advice People Employers Jobs Life All Trending Gear Play Video All More Subscribe Advertise About Contact us BUSINESS DISCOVERY CAREERS LIFE VIDEO MORE Tweet Share Email ALL COMPANIES ENTERPRISE COMMS START-UPS Construction begins on €500m Limerick Twenty Thirty development Dave, technology and the power of people Is UX the new ‘going to the gym’? Weekend takeaway: Recognising sci-tech’s finest Irish forestry boom sees funding and partnerships emerge Ireland an ‘enthusiastic’ EU state, but Brexit puts pressure on financial sector Google’s AMPing up your mobile browsing speeds more than ever In the music streaming arms race, Spotify just added a new AI weapon Facebook fined €110m for misleading information on WhatsApp deal Twitter will soon be able to follow you around more than it has before Behind the scenes of impactful media Vodafone will continue to invest in Ireland’s Gigabit Society ‘Cyberattacks could contribute to a dramatic shift in world power’ Hard to swallow: 17m user details stolen in Zomato security breach In the race to digital, flexible infrastructure makes the difference More than 25pc of Irish IT budgets go into the cloud Chelsea Manning has been liberated HSE to cautiously open servers to outside world after WannaCry attacks Three U-turn sees roaming data limits bumped back up Death of net neutrality in America: FCC votes for internet fast and slow lanes Eir wants to shake up mobile market with new Wi-Fi Calling service Ireland needs a digital master plan for its regions The future is 5G: Verizon buys Straight Path for $3.1bn Dundalk innovation hub lands two-year 1GB broadband freebie Nuritas founder Nora Khaldi adds another prize to trophy cabinet SoftBank confirms $1.4bn investment in Indian digital payments brand Paytm How the healthcare industry can benefit from blockchain Fintech, pharma and Russian investigations see funding rounds fly TSSG researcher has the LiquidEdge on the digital future of marketing Betting and glue start-ups raise funds as Apple swoops for AI firm ALL INNOVATION MACHINES EARTH SCIENCE David Puttnam steps down from role as Irish digital champion Doodling and maths: A matter of black and white Can you divide up the music budget evenly using maths? Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase A game of two halves, but maths will be the real winner Can you logic your way to €1m? Analog Devices engineer senses the world for the better Cork student astronomer Cormac Larkin bags $1,000 at Intel ISEF 2017 Irene Fogarty named winner of inaugural Mary Mulvihill Memorial Award Fix for achy breaky hearts could prove a mass-produced success Catalytic nanoscale breakthrough could lead to brand new, clean fuels NASA needs your help: What should we send to Europa? Infographic identifies the 263 self-driving car start-ups to watch DCU and ESA launch new IoT accelerator to boost Irish spacetech We just took a major step towards 3D holograms on smartphones 8 things we learned from Google I/O 2017 Stealth planes and butterfly wings: What links the two? Ireland is the middle of the perfect storm of robotics and AI, says IDA How many people could live on Earth? Forget a climate shift in centuries, more like decades, climatologists claim WeForest doubles crowdfunding target to empower Indian village World awaits birth of ‘baby dragons’ in Slovenia Gold and platinum discovered in south-east Irish streams The bees are still in trouble, so we are too ALL ADVICE PEOPLE EMPLOYERS JOBS Fantastic week for Irish talent as 710 new jobs announced 10,000 young Irish people to get access to new Accenture online academy Whopping 900 jobs announced in Ireland in just one week 15,000 people expected to descend on CoderDojo’s Coolest Projects 2017 Ireland has more women in ICT than the EU average Siemens and Engineers Ireland forge life sciences training pact How to become a web developer later in life 4 ways to wow with your interview presentation Want to be a top developer? These are the languages you need to know How to make the perfect LinkedIn profile and find your dream job Want a career in machine learning? Here’s what you need to study 5 common leadership mistakes and how to avoid them Eimear Noone: How a 10p gig for Metal Gear Solid spawned a career in video game music 6 career lessons I learned on the run How to succeed in a tech career: ‘Set your goals high and be persistent’ ‘I knew voice tech was getting big, but no one was looking at kids’ stuff’ Homecoming: A story of acquisitions, adventure and career growth Want to work in digital marketing? Start with your own website 6 top international companies hiring in data right now How do companies ensure diversity in their workforce? 6 companies hiring in fintech right now 7 US companies hiring in Ireland right now 7 of the coolest science jobs in the world Thinking about a career in marketing? An analytical mind is helpful 40 jobs announced at new Irish Manufacturing Research facility Aphix Software announces 25 jobs for Drogheda after successful year E-learning platform Alison to create 30 new jobs in Galway 120 jobs for Belfast at new Anomali European cybersecurity R&D lab 17 top companies hiring big in Ireland right now Shipshape e-commerce player Scurri brings 10 new jobs to Wexford ALL GEAR PLAY TRENDING WHO study finds kids’ use of technology is wreaking havoc on their health Google Maps might be able to solve a decades-old border dispute in Asia Wikipedia founder introduces site to tackle fake news Can Google’s AutoDraw recognise your doodles? Facebook to hold its first ever Communities Summit in Chicago Twitter Lite is the new 1MB web service for the developing world This clever mapping tool is a must for An Post Rás enthusiasts Refurb of the Mac: Apple to ramp up processing power in new MacBooks Proposed ban on ‘unrestricted’ smartphones for kids discussed Amazon plans to reveal revamped Echo to keep ahead of its rivals Microsoft Windows 10 S will get release on new Surface Laptop What is it actually like to deal with a mobile-only bank? Another nail in TV’s coffin: YouTube to produce 7 original series this year YouTube reveals new Material Design desktop site E-sports champions will now get medals at 2022 Asian Games Well, well, well, YouTube finally gets serious about live TV Netflix to tailor future original series to suit smartphones Could The Matrix be making a comeback to our screens? What is the Antikythera mechanism and why is it so important today? ‘My Happy Robot Tom’ is today’s glorious Google Doodle 13 inspirational women honoured in latest Google Doodle From Ferraris to aircraft carriers: Mind-blowing Lego creations ’Tis the season: Google celebrates with festive Doodles First day of winter celebrated with solstice Google Doodle ALL Irish exporters must start planning now to continue global growth post-Brexit Liberty IT creates an environment where people love coming to work Jet is looking for talented people to join the team Fraunhofer Project Centre opens at Dublin City University Aon: Where success is built on collaboration and innovation What are the biggest cybersecurity trends right now? ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE CONTACT ABOUT MACHINES Infographic identifies the 263 self-driving car start-ups to watch by Colm Gorey 2 hours ago1 Share Concept Nissan self-driving car at 2016 Geneva Motor Show. Image: Dong liu/Shutterstock This week, an organisation identified the 236 self-driving car start-ups to watch, while IoT in healthcare is expected to surge in value. It was quite a busy week for the internet of things (IoT) in Ireland, with various academic and industry players aiming to develop and launch the latest innovations. One such example was seen over at Dublin City University, which announced it will be the new home of a European Space Agency accelerator that aims to support the development of machine-to-machine and IoT technologies for satellite communications. The pair have identified key areas of space communications that they hope will be explored by participants, including developing sensors to aid in search-and-rescue operations, and monitoring critical infrastructure. Meanwhile, Irish IoT player Taoglas – with offices in Wexford and San Diego – was revealed as the new wireless magic provider behind the innovative Lighthouse smart camera. Powered by AI, Lighthouse’s interactive assistant is a camera and sensing platform that interprets actions and then utilises the cloud to provide the homeowner with constant awareness of what’s happening inside the home. Who are the self-driving car start-ups to watch? While Google, Uber and Intel are just some of the tech giants best known for their efforts to manufacture a self-driving car, there are also hundreds of sprouting start-ups developing various aspects of this technology. On that note, Comet Labs in the US has identified the 236 start-ups worth keeping an eye on, with a handy infographic. Comet Labs describes itself as both a venture capital firm and research lab that invests in AI and transformative industries. It said it selected these start-ups based on both their technological prowess and lack of coverage in the press. All of the companies are separated into seven different categories of development, ranging from on-board sensors to IoT for connected cars. Quite a handy list for anyone interested in the future of automation. Click on the image above to see the infographic in clearer detail. Infographic: Comet Labs IoT market in healthcare to be worth $163bn by 2020 If there’s anything that investors and industry experts like to do in IoT, it’s trying to predict how much it will be worth in the years to come. One common trait is the opinion that it will bring billions of dollars to everything it touches, particularly healthcare. In a new report released this week by Accenture, analysts predicted that by 2020, the IoT for healthcare sector will be worth a staggering $120bn, growing 38.1pc between 2015 and then. The online survey of CIOs and CEOs of health organisations found that close to two-thirds (73pc) of respondents were aware of the disruption that IoT is expected to cause. However, just under half (49pc) admitted that their organisations’ directors held the same opinion, mostly due to a lack of understanding on the subject. IoT for blockchain gets a new $2m fund IoT and distributed ledger technology blockchain appear to be a match made in heaven. With IoT connectivity to billions of devices and blockchain’s ability to be transparent and exact to the nearest millisecond of data transfer, investors are now eager to see what their combination holds. To that end, a non-profit, open source IoT software organisation called Iota has revealed a new $2m fund to speed up the tandem development. According to CIO, Iota’s code is based on an advanced blockchain technology called Tangle, which helps users to eliminate any transaction fees when using bitcoin payments. “Every great open source project has a great ecosystem surrounding it; in many ways, it is the defining characteristic that separates a mediocre project from a great one,” said David Sønstebø, founder of Iota. “A thriving ecosystem is a prerequisite for long-term success. The Iota Ecosystem Fund is backed by over $2m to open up a world of possibilities for developers and researchers to take the IOTA ecosystem even further.” Concept Nissan self-driving car at 2016 Geneva Motor Show. Image: Dong liu/Shutterstock Want stories like this and more direct to your inbox? Sign up for Tech Trends, Silicon Republic’s weekly digest of need-to-know tech news. Related: autotech, IoT round-up, blockchain, internet of things 66 DAYS 4 HOURS 26 MINUTES Get your early bird tickets now! Colm Gorey is a journalist with Siliconrepublic.com editorial@siliconrepublic.com You May Also Like You May Also Like Machines Global IoT round-up: Rapid shift to blockchain cannot be ignored 10 Mar 2017153 Shares Hiring Now Join us to create the technology of tomorrow Innovation for mobility and the internet of things Working at the leading edge of IoT 2016 Graduate Employer of the Year One of Europe’s best IT workplaces Machines IoT global round-up: Hackers run riot as hotels and US police hit 3 Feb 201714 Shares Machines IoT global round-up: India sets out stall to be world leader in smart cities 7 Apr 201716 Shares SUBSCRIBE TO OUR E-ZINE Sign up to receive weekly alerts bringing the best of Siliconrepublic.com straight to your inbox. Submit Email Machines Global IoT round-up: Jackets, cars and regulation getting smarter 17 Mar 20179 Shares Machines Global IoT round-up: Intel reveals its new self-driving car lab 5 May 201739 Shares Machines Global IoT round-up: Even our Bose headphones are listening to us 21 Apr 201730 Shares Latest News This clever mapping tool is a must for An Post Rás enthusiasts 1 minute ago Fantastic week for Irish talent as 710 new jobs announced 10 minutes ago Nuritas founder Nora Khaldi adds another prize to trophy cabinet 1 hour ago Infographic identifies the 263 self-driving car start-ups to watch 2 hours ago Three U-turn sees roaming data limits bumped back up 2 hours ago ‘Cyberattacks could contribute to a dramatic shift in world power’ 3 hours ago Google’s AMPing up your mobile browsing speeds more than ever 4 hours ago How to become a web developer later in life 4 hours ago 40 jobs announced at new Irish Manufacturing Research facility 5 hours ago Analog Devices engineer senses the world for the better 6 hours ago Cork student astronomer Cormac Larkin bags $1,000 at Intel ISEF 2017 6 hours ago 4 ways to wow with your interview presentation 7 hours ago Death of net neutrality in America: FCC votes for internet fast and slow lanes 7 hours ago In the music streaming arms race, Spotify just added a new AI weapon 8 hours ago Hard to swallow: 17m user details stolen in Zomato security breach 8 hours ago Aphix Software announces 25 jobs for Drogheda after successful year 8 hours ago Irene Fogarty named winner of inaugural Mary Mulvihill Memorial Award 20 hours ago E-learning platform Alison to create 30 new jobs in Galway 23 hours ago In the race to digital, flexible infrastructure makes the difference 23 hours ago SoftBank confirms $1.4bn investment in Indian digital payments brand Paytm 23 hours ago 120 jobs for Belfast at new Anomali European cybersecurity R&D lab 23 hours ago Want to be a top developer? These are the languages you need to know 1 day ago More than 25pc of Irish IT budgets go into the cloud 1 day ago Fix for achy breaky hearts could prove a mass-produced success 1 day ago More from Discovery Latest News Home About Contact Advertise Subscribe Privacy Policy All content copyright 2002-2017 Silicon Republic Knowledge & Events Management Ltd. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved. Designed by Zero-G and Square1.io Silicon Republic Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
Home White Papers Webinars Software Directory Events Calendar About Us Editorial Calendar Contact Us Advertise Here About Us Editorial Calendar Contact Us Advertise Here Channels Featured Products White Papers Webinars Software Directory Events Channels Customer Experience Digital Experience DAM Digital Workplace SharePoint & Office 365 Web CMS Mobile Document Mgt Google's New Cloud TPU Chips Prepare for an 'AI First' World By Derek Walter | May 19, 2017 CHANNEL: Digital Experience Google is muscling up its cloud platform for what it sees as an "AI first" world.  This week at the Google I/O event in Mountain View, Calif. the company revealed the second iteration of its Tensor Processing Units (TPUs), which hold the promise of accelerated machine learning and artificial intelligence capabilities. Going All In With Artificial Intelligence Amidst a series of announcements about artificial intelligence, the Google Assistant, Android and many of the company’s other consumer and enterprise initiatives, Google CEO Sundar Pichai said Cloud Platform customers would be the primary beneficiary of the new hardware. “The reason we named it cloud TPU is we're bringing it through to the Google Cloud Platform,” he said. Google has developed a new chip that is a follow-up to the initial processor it built for its own AI services. However, this version is specifically engineered for the processing needs demanded by such high levels of machine learning. It can also be used through a dedicated cloud service for businesses and research organizations that desire such computational analysis. The aim for Google is to both supercharge its cloud services with AI, making its Cloud Platform more appealing. Additionally, there is competition from Nvidia, which currently dominates this chip market. Intel and another batch of startups are also rumored to be getting into this space, with such cognitively aware computing considered to be the next wave. In making the announcement, Google senior fellow Jeff Dean and senior vice president of cloud infrastructure Urs Hölzle said the machine learning model needs to be democratized for potential breakthroughs from a community of research. “Research and engineering teams at Google and elsewhere have made great progress scaling machine learning training using readily-available hardware. However, this wasn’t enough to meet our machine learning needs, so we designed an entirely new machine learning system to eliminate bottlenecks and maximize overall performance. At the heart of this system is the second-generation TPU we're announcing today, which can both train and run machine learning models,” they said. Cloud Jobs API: A New Job Search Tool In many ways Google is probably thought of as a job killer, as its services and machine learning capabilities further make humans obsolete. But CEO Pichai believes the reverse can be true, with his discussion of its Cloud Jobs API, which brings some of the same precise and filtered search tools to bear on finding employment. “We also think about how this technology can have an impact on people’s lives by creating opportunity for economic empowerment,” he said. He said 45 percent of US employers have talent shortages and problems filling open job positions. Any complex search issue is precisely the type of problem Google is prepared to solve, with the added bonus of it now enters another market. The job search tool was originally announced in November 2016 and has been in private alpha since. Companies that want to explore it need to sign up at the official site.  It was unclear if this would grow into a full-blown competitor to equivalent services like Indeed, Monster or LinkedIn. Pichai said they were partners as part of the initial rollout, although as often happens with new Google forays this could morph into something larger over time. 0 Comments Top Articles Related Articles Recent Comments 10 Digital Workplace Trends Shaping the Future of Work 4 Keys to a Successful Customer Experience Operating Model Gartner Picks 6 Leaders in a Crowded Digital Commerce MQ 15+ Static Site Generators to Complement Your Headless CMS SharePoint Emerges From Its Ugly Duckling Phase Google's New Cloud TPU Chips Prepare for an 'AI First' World Kentico 11 Features and Release Date Revealed Salesforce Adds Einstein-Powered Predictive Sorting to Commerce Cloud How Google Optimize Simplifies Site Testing SAP Supercharges Leonardo to Power Digital Transformation Useful Article? Email this Article Stumble This Follow @CMSWire Tags ai, artificial intelligence, cloud computing, digital experience, dxm, google, machine learning, tpu   Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Resources Digital Workplace Conference Digital Customer Experience Summit Document Management Software Digital Experience Newsletter Selecting a Web CMS Sitecore Consultant What is the Digital Workplace? View All Events Add Your Event Events RSS Featured Events May 23 [CMSWire Webinar] 4 Essential Capabilities for a Successful Digital Workplace Strategy May 24 [Earley Executive Roundtable] Session 4: Commerce and Virtual Sales Assistants May 31 [Episerver Webinar] Accelerate Time to Value: How to prioritize digital experience delivery Jun 1 [DW Webinar Series 3] Key Strategies to Re-Engage Employees Jun 8 [Aragon Research Webinar] Empower Your Business to More Effectively Serve Your Customers Jun 19 Digital Workplace Experience Chicago 2017 Nov 13 CMSWire's DX Summit Chicago 2017 About Us CMSWire is a leading, native digital publication produced by Simpler Media Group, Inc. We provide articles, research and events for sophisticated professionals driving digital customer experience strategy, evolving the digital workplace and creating intelligent information management practices. The CMSWire team produces 450+ authoritative articles per quarter for our 750,000 community members. Join us as a subscriber. Read more about us or learn how to advertise here. We also have a Reader Advisory Board. More: Monthly Editorial Calendar Article Submission Guidelines DW Experience Conference DX Summit Conference Advertiser Media Kit Stay In the Loop Get Our Newsletter Most Popular Articles 10 Digital Workplace Trends Shaping the Future of Work view comments 4 Keys to a Successful Customer Experience Operating Model view comments Gartner Picks 6 Leaders in a Crowded Digital Commerce MQ view comments 15+ Static Site Generators to Complement Your Headless CMS view comments SharePoint Emerges From Its Ugly Duckling Phase view comments Recent Comments © 2017 Simpler Media Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy. Terms of Use. Powered by Sitecore and Coveo. SMGP v2.1.6341.80. NL-01a Get the CMSWire Newsletter Receive concise summaries of what's happening in your industry Get access to exclusive reports, white papers and webinars We take your privacy seriously NL-03a Get the CMSWire Newsletter You'll receive: Exclusive Articles Latest White Papers Early Event Invites Join 55,000 subscribers and growing We take your privacy seriously Get the CMSWire Newsletter Join 55,000 subscribers and growing We take your privacy seriously You'll receive Exclusive Articles Latest White Papers Webinar Invites NL-03a Join 55,000 of your peers Get the CMSWire newsletter. Access exclusive news, best practices and events.
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Saturday, May 20, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News Firing Eased Pressure, Trump Told Russia President Called Comey ‘Nut Job’ in Oval Office Meeting By MATT APUZZO, MAGGIE HABERMAN and MATTHEW ROSENBERG 8:57 PM ET President Trump told Russian officials in the Oval Office that firing James B. Comey had relieved “great pressure” on him. “He was crazy, a real nut job,” Mr. Trump said of Mr. Comey, according to a White House document.  Comments Comey to Testify in Public Senate Hearing About Inquiry 9:06 PM ET President’s Outreach Made Comey Uneasy, a Friend Says It’s Been a Busy Week. Here’s What to Read to Catch Up. 9:12 PM ET Trump’s Schedule for His First Foreign Trip   President Trump Lands in Saudi Arabia By MICHAEL D. SHEAR 2:51 AM ET During his two-day visit, Mr. Trump is expected to announce a $100 billion arms deal with Saudi Arabia as evidence of a renewed commitment by the U.S. to the security of the region. Tips for Trump Visit: Keep It Short and Give Him a Win Iranian President Holding Big Lead Over Hard-Liner By THOMAS ERDBRINK 1:39 AM ET If Hassan Rouhani’s lead holds, it would afford him the opportunity to strengthen reformist factions as the country prepares for the end of the rule of the supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei. My Strange Trip Through Iran’s Heartland Wooing Investors With Trump Name and U.S. Visas By JAVIER C. HERNÁNDEZ and JESSE DRUCKER To lure money from China, the Kushner family business tapped a specialist that has faced legal fights and another that played up its political ties. Kushner Shepherded $110 Billion Weapons Deal to Saudis Trump Budget to Cut E.P.A. Cleanups and Regulators By CORAL DAVENPORT The proposed cuts to the Environmental Protection Agency appear explicitly aimed at slowing or stopping some of its ability to regulate several forms of pollution. Weiner Pleads Guilty to Obscenity Charge in Sexting Scandal By BENJAMIN WEISER and WILLIAM K. RASHBAUM Anthony Weiner cried as he pleaded guilty to felony obscenity charges. Prosecutors recommend 21 to 27 months in prison. More in Politics Mattis Says Escalation Against ISIS Doesn’t Imperil More Civilians 9:11 PM ET Education Dept. Keeps Obama Plan to Streamline Loan System Democratic Leaders Try to Slow Calls to Impeach Trump Energized by Liberal Activists, N.A.A.C.P. Dismisses Its Leader By YAMICHE ALCINDOR Officials at the civil rights group said its cutting of ties with Cornell William Brooks after only three years was part of a “systemwide refresh.” For Crash Victim, Times Sq. Visit Was Part of Dream Trip By SARAH MASLIN NIR Alyssa Elsman, the 18-year-old killed on Thursday in a chaotic accident in Times Square, excelled in the culinary arts program at her high school in Portage, Mich. Driver Descended Into Paranoia Before Crash More News Grand Jury Won’t Indict Ohio Officer in Killing of Boy, 13, Who Held BB Gun 10:27 PM ET Sweden Drops Rape Investigation of Julian Assange Victims Call Hackers’ Bluff as Ransomware Deadline Nears Uber Threatens to Fire Star Engineer Over Driverless Cars Preakness 2017 Picks: Our Experts’ Predictions to Win Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. Your Evening Briefing By KAREN ZRAICK and SANDRA STEVENSON 11:48 PM ET Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. Audio Special Episode of ‘The Daily’ Our reporters describe the latest revelation of what Trump told the Russians during the now infamous Oval Office meeting. Audio Follow The Daily: Daily SMS iTunes Radio Public Stitcher ‘The Daily’: More Comey Memos, More Revelations Smarter Living Itineraries Investing in Tech to Tackle an Awful Annoyance: Lost Luggage By MARTHA C. WHITE The number of stray bags is lower than ever, attributable both to new technology and charges for checking luggage, but there’s room for improvement. Field Notes 11 Questions to Ask Before Getting a Divorce By ERIC V. COPAGE Thinking of splitting? Here are some questions that may stave off divorce — or at least make parting less rancorous.  Comments Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Fresh Scandal in Brazil Raises Fear of Turmoil’s Return By SIMON ROMERO 9:02 PM ET President Michel Temer has become tangled in yet another graft charge, plunging a country that had finally seemed on the mend into a new crisis. Fox News Fires Bob Beckel, Co-Host of ‘The Five’ By MICHAEL M. GRYNBAUM and EMILY STEEL 9:10 PM ET Mr. Beckel was fired after an African-American employee accused him of making a racially insensitive remark. New Orleans Brings Down Statue of Robert E. Lee By CAMPBELL ROBERTSON 9:07 PM ET The monument to the Confederacy, ensconced on a 80-foot perch for 133 years, was removed Friday. It was the last of four such installations taken down in the city. The Daily 360 1:49 Monuments Fall and Emotions Rise Bryan Tarnowski for The New York Times. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » Antarctic DispatchesPart 2 of 3 Looming Floods, Threatened Cities Read the story Or explore above and below Antarctica’s ice in virtual reality. Seattle Mayor’s Fall Leaves Gay Community Torn By KIRK JOHNSON Accusations that Ed Murray paid teenagers for sex in the 1980s, which led to a decision not to seek re-election, have brought uncertainty and sadness in the gay, lesbian and transgender community. Common Sense The Washington Post Is Breaking News, and New Ground By JAMES B. STEWART As with Watergate, the paper’s scoops about the administration are helping shape the national conversation. They are also driving its digital success, our columnist writes. F.Y.I. When a City Fell for a Singer It Had Never Heard By KEITH WILLIAMS P.T. Barnum was taking a big chance when he brought Jenny Lind, the Swedish nightingale, to New York in 1850. But it paid off. 10 Things to Do in New York City Now By LOUIS LUCERO II It’s a big city, with plenty to do, see, hear and watch. Miles of Ice Collapsing Into the Sea Some scientists fear that West Antarctica’s immense ice sheet may have entered the early stages of an unstoppable disintegration. ‘Vulnerable Voices’ Lash Out as Companies Sway Climate Talks Developing nations and environmental groups condemned the presence of corporate lobbyists at a climate change talk session in Germany, but the United States defended it. Duterte Orders Strict Smoking Ban in Philippines, and Asks Citizens to Help The executive order, made public on Thursday, banned public smoking and said citizens should band together to help catch and charge violators. 18 Holes Help Reshape a Slice of New Orleans The newly opened South Course at Bayou Oaks and Columbia Parc, a mixed-income development, rose from the ruins of Hurricane Katrina. Another ‘Downton Abbey’ Heroine Goes Dark Why would a woman kill husbands, lovers and inconvenient children with chilling regularity? “Dark Angel” on PBS tells the story of one of the first female serial killers. Drag Story Hour Puts the Rainbow in Reading Neon camouflage bodysuits, tutus and patent leather boots. Heated debates about dresses and ice cream flavors. It’s all in a day’s work at the New York Public Library. The Opinion Pages President Trump Tries to Engage the Muslim World By THE EDITORIAL BOARD A president who has regularly disparaged Islam now needs help from Muslim countries to fight the Islamic State.  Comments Collins: Watch Out World, Trump’s Coming Stephens: Roger Ailes, the Man Who Wrecked Conservatism 9:04 PM ET Brooks: Trump Talent Vacuum Cohen: L’État, C’est Trump! Krugman: The G.O.P. Threat Trump Goes Abroad. Nixon Tried the Same Thing. The Spring of G.O.P. Discontent By MICHAEL TOMASKY 10:07 PM ET Party members in Congress are about to find out how unpopular their agenda really is.  Comments Fixes Cracking Washington’s Gridlock to Save the Planet By DAVID BORNSTEIN Citizens in a growing network are imploring their legislators to talk across party lines about curbing carbon emissions. Raise a Glass to Pippa! Join us on Facebook » User Subscriptions Freezing Temperatures, Glacial Winds, Volcanic Dust: All in a Day’s Work for Times Team in Antarctica Copy Edit This! Quiz No. 6 Times Insider » Freezing Temperatures, Glacial Winds, Volcanic Dust: All in a Day’s Work for Times Team in Antarctica The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Watching From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Times Insider Copy Edit This! Quiz No. 6 Opinion A Trump Doctrine for the Middle East? Travel Scotland’s Love Affair With Seaweed Travel A Botanist in Swedish Lapland Opinion What Ailes Learned From Richard Nixon Arts Can ‘Trans’ Apply to Racial Identity? Multimedia/Photos A Teller of Uncomfortable Truths Dies at 68 Opinion Impeachment’s Political Heart Times Insider Times Team in Antarctica Faces Glacial Winds Fashion & Style What People Wore to Solange’s Performance Opinion A Conservative Christian College Protest of Mike Pence The announcement that Mr. Pence would be the commencement speaker at my school drew considerable backlash. Book Review The Best New Crime Fiction Sections World » Scandal in Brazil Raises Fear of Turmoil’s Return My Strange Trip Through Iran’s Heartland Julian Assange Rape Inquiry Is Dropped but His Legal Problems Remain Daunting Business Day » UnitedHealth Overbilled Medicare by Billions, U.S. Says in Suit TV in the Age of Trump: Musicals, Murders and the Military Mediator: Roger Ailes: The Man Who Mined a Divided America Opinion » Op-Ed Contributor: The Spring of G.O.P. Discontent Editorial: President Trump Tries to Engage the Muslim World Gail Collins: Watch Out World, Trump’s Coming U.S. » Mayor’s Fall in Seattle Shakes the Gay Community He Rose From Grand Jury Won’t Indict Officer in Killing of Boy, 13, Who Held BB Gun N.A.A.C.P., Energized by Liberal Activists, Dismisses Its President Technology » Victims Call Hackers’ Bluff as Ransomware Deadline Nears Uber Threatens to Fire Star Engineer in Legal Battle Over Driverless Cars E.U. Fines Facebook $122 Million Over Disclosures in WhatsApp Deal Arts » ‘Saturday Night Live’: The Most Memorable Moments This Season Review: Solange Turns the Guggenheim Into a Sanctuary for Dance A Defense of ‘Transracial’ Identity Roils Philosophy World Politics » Having Trouble Keeping Up With All the Trump News? Here Are the Must-Reads Opening First Foreign Trip, Donald Trump Tries to Leave Crisis Behind Trump Told Russians That Firing ‘Nut Job’ Comey Eased Pressure From Investigation Fashion & Style » Solange Knowles Tears Down Barriers at the Guggenheim Drag Queen Story Hour Puts the Rainbow in Reading Modern Love: Not Friends? Then No Benefits Movies » Critic's Notebook: Cannes Rolls Out the Red Carpet (Now With Metal Detectors) Review: ‘Alien: Covenant’ Stays on Brand With Its Terror How the ‘Love Actually’ Reunion Came About New York » Anthony Weiner Pleads Guilty to Federal Obscenity Charge Angry About Subway Delays? De Blasio Says Blame Cuomo, and Vice Versa Before Driver’s Times Square Crash, a Descent Into Paranoia and Harassment Sports » ‘This Doesn’t Sound Legal’: Inside Nike’s Oregon Project On Baseball: Mike Trout: Baseball’s Best, Without the Brand Terence Crawford’s Greatest Fight May Be With Himself Theater » Glenda Jackson to Return to Broadway in Albee’s ‘Three Tall Women’ Jules Feiffer and a ‘Hamilton’ Producer Color Outside the Lines for a New Musical A Word With: Brendon Urie Steps Away From the Disco and Into ‘Kinky Boots’ Science » Trilobites: Ladybugs Pack Wings and Engineering Secrets in Tidy Origami Packages Trilobites: Genetic Tidying Up Made Humped Bladderworts Into Carnivorous Plants Trilobites: Spotting Mysterious Twinkles on Earth From a Million Miles Away Obituaries » Stanley Greene, Teller of Uncomfortable Truths, Dies at 68 William Brohn, Who Made Broadway Orchestras Sing, Dies at 84 Roger Ailes, Who Built Fox News Into an Empire, Dies at 77 Television » Welcome Back to Twin Peaks: An Illustrated Glossary ‘Saturday Night Live’: The Most Memorable Moments This Season Here Is Your Fall 2017 TV Schedule Health » The New Old Age: Planning to Age in Place? Find a Contractor Now Babies From Skin Cells? Prospect Is Unsettling to Some Experts F.D.A. Warns of Faulty Lead Testing in Children and Mothers Travel » On the Water: 10 Favorite Places on European Rivers, Lakes and Coastlines 36 Hours: 36 Hours in Biarritz Choice Tables: An Adriatic Feast on the Italian Coast Books » Nonfiction: The Civil Rights Stories We Need to Remember Nonfiction: For Better, for Worse: Three Memoirs Report From Marriage Country By the Book: Jeffrey Tambor: By the Book Education » Education Disrupted: How Google Took Over the Classroom Free Tuition? Tennessee Could Tutor New York 500 Students in a One-Room School: Fallout of New Jersey’s Funding Woes Food » City Kitchen: Beloved Burrata Finds a Springtime Match A Good Appetite: A Galette That Lets Early Strawberries Shine The Pour: The Ideal Aperitif: Good Vermouth, Cool and Fragrant Sunday Review » On Campus: U Can’t Talk to Ur Professor Like This Editorial: The Republican’s Guide to Presidential Behavior Frank Bruni: Donald Trump à la Mode Real Estate » Return of the S.R.O., With a Twist They Could Buy, but Why? Meet the High-Renters The High End: A Rental Building With a Hip Hotel Bar Vibe The Upshot » Grading the Teachers: The Little-Known Statistician Who Taught Us to Measure Teachers Economic View: How Tales of ‘Flippers’ Led to a Housing Bubble The Cost of College: How Colleges Know What You Can Afford (and the Limits of That Tactic) Magazine » The Health Issue: What Animals Taught Me About Being Human The Health Issue: The Mystery of the Wasting House-Cats The Health Issue: A Pet Tortoise Who Will Outlive Us All Automobiles » Mercedes-Benz Brings a New Model (of Battery) to U.S. Homes Driven: Video Review: A Quieter and More Refined Mazda CX-5 Wheels: First Came the Hydrogen Cars. Now, the Refilling Stations. T Magazine » In New Yorkers’ Vacation Homes, Less Is More Running Free in Germany’s Outdoor Preschools Food Photography, Over the Years Times Insider » Looking Back: If You Have an Hour or Two to Spare, I’ve Got a Story What We’re Reading Freezing Temperatures, Glacial Winds, Volcanic Dust: All in a Day’s Work for Times Team in Antarctica Real Estate » They Could Buy, but Why? Meet the High-Renters By JOANNE KAUFMAN For some New Yorkers with the wherewithal, renting is preferable to buying — even when their monthly payments are in the mid-five figures. Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Mortgage Calculator Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Huawei Competitions Desktop PCs Internet Laptops Monitors PC Components Peripherals More Printers Routers & Networking Software Trending: Nintendo Switch Nokia 3310 iPhone 7 Galaxy S8 LG G6 iPhone 8 Home / News / Laptop News / Meet the new Lenovo IdeaPad laptop family – starting from €299 Meet the new Lenovo IdeaPad laptop family – starting from €299 by Sean Keach 18 hours ago 0 shares Read Comments Lenovo's 15-inch IdeaPad 520 in three colour options Lenovo has unveiled an all-new family of IdeaPad laptops, probably in a bid to dominate the ever-approaching back-to-school season. In a blog post today, Lenovo detailed six new IdeaPad notebooks that are intended to fit “virtually any consumer taste, need or budget”. "It’s no secret we always want more from our computers. While more usually means adding to a device’s speed and performance, it can also mean delivering all the above, but in a sleeker, re-designed package,” writes Lenovo. The post continues: "This less is more philosophy is precisely what Lenovo is embracing with its all-new family of IdeaPads – six distinct laptops that deliver the performance users expect, but with a streamlined approach to design and functionality that strips away the clutter and complexity." These are some bold claims, Lenovo. Let’s take a look at what’s on offer... Lenovo IdeaPad 720S (13-inch) in Platinum Silver Lenovo IdeaPad 720 and IdeaPad 720S First up is the 7-series, which is by far the most premium and high-performance selection of the new range. The Lenovo IdeaPad 720S is the slim version of the IdeaPad 720, and features an anodised aluminium casing, and boasts a 7th-generation Intel Core i7 processor. You’ll also get a Thunderbolt 3 port, a 1TB PCIe SSD, and a 13-inch screen. That all weighs in at a feathery 1.14kg, with a thickness of 13.6mm. There are also optional upgrades, including a fingerprint reader for Windows Hello logins, as well as a UHD panel – if you get the 13-inch non-touchscreen model. Alternatively, you can opt for the larger (and less expensive) IdeaPad 720, which features a 15-inch display and a bigger body. Lenovo IdeaPad 720S (13-inch) in Champagne Gold The 15-inch IdeaPad 720 starts from €749 and is available in Mineral Grey, coming July 2017. The 13-inch IdeaPad 720S, meanwhile, starts from €899, comes in Champagne Gold, Platinum Silver, and Iron Grey, with a 14-inch model that’s available in gold and silver only. Both go on sale in May 2017. Lenovo IdeaPad 520 and IdeaPad 520S Next up is the 5-series, which is a more affordable alternative that Lenovo says pairs “convenience and functionality”. Both the IdeaPad 520 and IdeaPad 520S models feature up to 7th-generation Intel Core i7 processors, and up to Nvidia GeForce 940MX graphics. There’s also an optional backlit keyboard and optional fingerprint reader to boot. The slimline IdeaPad 520S measures just 19.3mm thick, which is about 50% thicker than the IdeaPad 720S. Lenovo IdeaPad 520S (14-inch) in Ballerina Pink The 15-inch IdeaPad 520 is available in Gold, Iron Grey, and Bronze colour configurations, and starts from €649 – coming May 2017. Alternatively, you can get the 14-inch IdeaPad 520S from just 699 in Champagne Gold, Platinum Silver, Bronze, Plum Purple, and Ballerina Pink – again, coming May 2017. Lenovo IdeaPad 320 and IdeaPad 320S Finally, there are the budget options: Lenovo’s IdeaPad 320 and IdeaPad 320S. As Lenovo explains: "Looking for a budget-friendly laptop for everyday Web surfing, videos and email? Go with the affordable IdeaPad 320 or, for more portability, its thinner sibling, the IdeaPad 320S.” The Lenovo IdeaPad 320 comes in a wide range of colours, and features a USB Type C port and a DVD optical drive (retro, eh?). You can also pay extra for a multi-touch display and an optional fingerprint scanner. Lenovo IdeaPad 320 (15-inch) in Plum Purple The 14-inch Lenovo IdeaPad 320 starts from €349, and comes in Blizzard White, Denim Blue, Onyx Black and Platinum Grey colour options. There’s also a 15-inch model (€299) in Coral Red, Denim Blue, Onyx Black, Platinum Grey, Plum Purple, and Blizzard White, as well as a 17-inch model (€399) in Onyx Black and Platinum Grey – all of which are available in May 2017. Then there’s the 14-inch IdeaPad 320S, which starts from €499 and comes in Mineral Grey, Snow White, and Coral Red, alongside the €499 15-inch model that comes in Mineral Grey and Snow White colours. Related: Best laptops What do you think of the all-new Lenovo IdeaPad family? Let us know in the comments. Latest Deals From Ebay 2016 Dell XPS 13 9350 i7-6560U 16GB 512GB PCIe SSD Infinity QHD+ Touch Iris 540 $1,098.00 View Item Dell XPS 13 9350 i5-6200U 8GB 256GB PCIe SSD QHD+ TOUCH INFINITY edge W10 silver $799.00 View Item Dell XPS 13 XPS9350-1340SLV 13.3" Intel Core i5-6200 2.3GHz 8GB 128GB SSD Win 10 $699.99 View Item 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
By reading this site you agree to our cookie policy. Click to find out more. [x] HOME TECH GAMING BUSINESS CONSUMER MOBILE HEXUS.TV TRUST COMPETITIONS FORUMS SEARCH You are here: Laptop Hardware System Builders News 0 Lenovo Legion Y920 gaming laptop launched at €2,599 by Mark Tyson on 19 May 2017, 13:01 Quick Link: HEXUS.net/qadhnq Add to My Vault: Today, Lenovo has launched a slew of new IdeaPad laptops. There are lots of new appealing standard and slim machines in the range, and you can read more about them in Lenovo's latest blog post. That's not all though, Lenovo has launched an impressive new gaming laptop dubbed the Lenovo Legion Y920 which it claims to be its "best gaming laptop yet". Lenovo's new Legion Y920 is a VR-Ready 17.3-inch screen equipped gaming laptop. It employs a full HD IPS panel that is compatible with Nvidia G-Sync technology. Of course therefore, this laptop comes packing an Nvidia GPU for its gaming graphics acceleration duties. Lenovo says it features "up to" an Nvidia GeForce GTX 1070 8G DDR5 graphics but I haven't found information regarding any lower-tier options. For general computer processing power Lenovo's Legion Y920 can be equipped with "up to Intel’s latest overclockable 7th Gen Intel Core i7 K series processor," namely the Intel Core i7-7820HK. This is overclockable with a dedicated turbo button and there's a utiity for overclocking and monitoring fans/temps. Other decent specs support the CPU and GPU such as a standard 16GB of DDR4 RAM and storage options that include a 512GB SSD plus a 1TB hard drive. A useful array of ports includes; USB 3.0 x 4, Thunderbolt, HDMI, RJ-45, DisplayPort, and a 6-in-1 card reader. Other key aspects of the Legion Y920 aren't visible on the basic spec sheet but could be important to gamers. For example this is Lenovo's first gaming laptop with a mechanical keyboard. Keyboard aficionados will also be pleased with the num-pad and cursor key array and the per-key RGB backlighting. As usual you can't expect great portability for this gaming laptop. It weighs in at 4.6Kg, measures 16.7 x 12.4 x 1.41-inches and its 6-cell 90Whr battery isn't going to rival the unplugged time of many a thin and light design. Lenovo says that in EMEA, the 17-inch Lenovo Legion Y920 Laptop starts at €2,599 (VAT included) and is available from later this month. Related Reading 2 Gigabyte Aero 15 A bigger and better alternative to the Razer Blade? 0 Microsoft to launch more Surface hardware this month Teases it will "show the world what's next" in Shanghai on 23rd May. 0 Toshiba announces ultra-portable Portégé X30 business laptop 13.3-inch FHD laptop is just 15.9mm thick and 1.04Kg. Toshiba offers build-to-order options. Surface Laptop revealed at #MicrosoftEDU Event HEXUS Forums :: 0 Comments Login with Forum Account User Name Password Don't have an account? Register today! Log in to be the first to comment! MY HEXUS Sign in for the best HEXUS experience LOG IN REGISTER HEXUS NEWSLETTER MOST VIEWED MOST COMMENTED 1 Intel said to be readying Core i9 CPUs with 6, 8, 10 and 12 cores 14 2 Trio of AMD Vega reference cards to be released 5th June: report 12 3 AMD Ryzen 9 Threadripper CPUs rumoured to offer up to 16C/32T 26 4 Ransomware Wanna Decryptor causing IT failures across NHS 39 5 Nvidia Tesla V100 with Volta GV100 GPU announced 14 1 Ransomware Wanna Decryptor causing IT failures across NHS 39 2 AMD Ryzen 9 Threadripper CPUs rumoured to offer up to 16C/32T 26 3 Windows 10 up and running on 500 million PCs 20 4 Microsoft announces its Windows 10 Fall Creators Update plans 15 5 Nvidia Tesla V100 with Volta GV100 GPU announced 14 EVENTS ALL EVENTS POLL FACEBOOK INDUSTRY PRESS RELEASES 1 The All-New Lenovo™ IdeaPad™ Laptop Family 2 Protect Against WannaCry Ransomware - Use QNAP NAS to Develop Your Disaster Recovery Plan! 3 Transcend to Showcase Blazing-fast PCIe SSD and Embedded Solutions at COMPUTEX TAIPEI 2017 4 PQI “Touched by Intelligence” - Invigorate All Your Senses 5 EK is releasing new Gaming Series kits 6 Razer and Bungie announce partnership, Destiny 2 peripherals INFORMATION About us Advertise Contact us How Competitions work How we test About Cookies What our awards mean Privacy and terms of use SUBSCRIPTIONS RSS / Alerts / Twitter Facebook / Newsletter Unsubscribe HEXUS Community Members: 411,881 Forum posts: 2,577,650 Forum threads: 248,194 Currently active users: 601 Copyright © 1998 - 2017, HEXUS.net. All rights reserved. HEXUS® is a registered trademark.
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Inside Scoop Yale Sells Citigroup, Bank of America, Alphabet The Ivy League institution also exited positions in Aetna, Fidelity National and the SPDR S&P 500 ETF in Q1. By Ed Lin Biography Updated May 19, 2017 11:53 a.m. ET Yale University cites the words of Kingman Brewster, its president from 1963 to 1977, when describing the undergraduate admissions process: “We have to make the hunchy judgment as to whether or not with Yale’s help the candidate is likely to be a leader in whatever he [or she] ends up doing.” Whatever success the school has had in admitting future leaders, Yale’s hunches have played out quite well with investing and growing its endowment. Its returns have beaten richer rival Harvard University for each of the last six... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Facebook, Google: Status Quo Serves Them Well, Says Piper Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Tesla: The Customer Is Always Wrong Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Why Stay Bullish On Gilead Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Yale Sells Citigroup, Bank of America, Alphabet Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. 5 Reasons Big Biotech Could Gain 25%-30% Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Retail Isn't Dead 2 Barron's Buzz: Berkshire Hathaway a Buy Beyond Buffett? 3 iPhone Users Not Falling for Samsung's Galaxy 8 Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Smart TV Market Analysis, Share, Trends and Forecast by 2022 – Market Research Report 2017   View as PDF  Print View    OrbisResearch.com has published new research report on „Smart TV-Global Market Outlook (2016-2022)” to its database. Dallas, United States – May 19, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ — According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Smart TV Market is estimated at $XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach $XX million by 2022 growing at a CAGR of XX% from 2016 to 2022. Increase in internet users across the regions is the one of the key factor driving the market growth. Advancements in computer technology is hampering the market growth. North America accounted for the highest market share as compared to other regions. The Asia Pacific region is expected to grow at a higher CAGR and is anticipated to account for the highest market share during forecast period. Request a sample of the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/292141 Some of the key players in the market include Yahoo, Videocon, Toshiba, Sony, Sharp, Samsung, Philips, Panasonic, Onida (Mirc Electronics Ltd), Microsoft, LG Electronics, Intel, Haier, Google, Cable Labs, Apple and Amd. Capabilities Covered: Internet Surfing Live Videos Program Recording TV Broadcasting Video On Demand Social Networking Online Movies and Music Other Capabilities Applications Covered: Educational Entertainment Internet Access Buy the report@http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/292141 Regions Covered: North America US Canada Mexico Europe Germany France Italy UK Spain Rest of Europe Asia Pacific Japan China India Australia New Zealand Rest of Asia Pacific Rest of the World Middle East Brazil Argentina South Africa Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Major Points From The Table Of Contents: Executive Summary Preface Market Trend Analysis Porters Five Force Analysis Global Smart TV Market, By Capabilities Global Smart TV Market, By Application Global Smart TV Market, By Geography Key Developments Company Profiling List Of Tables: 1 Global Smart TV Market Outlook, By Region 2 Global Smart TV Market Outlook, By Capabilities 3 Global Smart TV Market Outlook, By Internet Surfing 4 Global Smart TV Market Outlook, By Live Videos 5 Global Smart TV Market Outlook, By Program Recording 6 Global Smart TV Market Outlook, By TV Broadcasting 7 Global Smart TV Market Outlook, By Video On Demand 8 Global Smart TV Market Outlook, By Other Capabilities 9 Global Smart TV Market Outlook, By Social Networking 10 Global Smart TV Market Outlook, By Online Movies and Music About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Info: Name: Hector Costello Email: sales@orbisresearch.com Organization: Orbis Research Address: 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone: +1 (214) 884-6817 Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/global-smart-tv-market-analysis-share-trends-and-forecast-by-2022-market-research-report-2017/201336 For more information, please visit http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/smart-tv-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 201336 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Rotary Actuators Market – Global Application, Classification, Revenue, Growth Rate, Opportunities and Forecast 2017-2022 (Fri 19th May 17) Energy Harvesting Systems Market by Type, Product, Application, Region and Forecast to 2022 (Fri 19th May 17) Offshore Support Vessel Market 2017 by Type, PSVs, Age of Vessel, Analysis and Forecast To 2021 (Fri 19th May 17) 5G Market Technology, Key Manufacturers Analysis and 2025 Forecasts By Networking and Industry Verticals (Fri 19th May 17) Global Compound Bows Market Projections, SWOT Analysis, Trends and Forecast by 2022 – Market Research Report 2017 (Fri 19th May 17) Global Lingerie Market 2017 Primary Research, Product Research, Trends and Forecast by 2022 (Fri 19th May 17) CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious ORPEA : MISE À DISPOSITION DU DOCUMENT DE RÉFÉRENCE 2016 Next PostNext Pet Dietary Supplement Sales Market – Advanced technologies, Global Forecast and Winning Imperatives, 2017 – 2022 Search Recent Posts Global Low Harmonic Drives Market to Grow at a CAGR of 4.76% to 2021 Pantoprazole Sodium (CAS 138786-67-1) Professional Survey Report in Forecast to 2022 Health Tech Startup SAFKAN Wins $145,000 Grand Prize at Seattle Angel Conference XI Thom Ross “My Last Conversation with Albert Ball” New Paintings Protein For Fitness Offers Exercise Enthusiasts a One-Stop Reference for Reviews, News, and More Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content Windows Central Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions Windows Tablets & Laptops Surface Laptop Surface Pro 4 Surface Book Windows 10 Windows 10 S Windows 10 Mobile Windows Phones Lumia 950 XL Lumia 950 HP Elite x3 The Xbox Lounge Shop HOT DEAL$ Digital Deals All Accessories Cases & Covers Chargers & Cables Docks & Cradles Batteries Screen Protectors Laptop Buyers Guide Windows 10 Help & How To Best Windows Store Apps Best Windows Store Games Apps Microsoft Insider Program Surface Surface Tips Surface Book Surface Pro 4 Surface Pro 3 Xbox Game Reviews Xbox LIVE Project Scorpio The Best Laptop Reviews Deals Today's Trending Tech Deals Digital Offers Dell Laptop Deals Live Help Podcast Log in or Sign up Fewer ads and it's free! Windows Central Forums All News Stories Phone News Surface News Windows News Xbox News MSFT News Apps Games Reviews Virtual Reality Help & How To Question & Answer Contests Shop Accessories Podcasts Videos Newsletter Contact us Tip Us On News Download our app! Android Central CrackBerry iMore Windows Central Tesla Central VR Heads MrMobile Modern Dad A worthy successor to the T460s See how the Lenovo ThinkPad T470s fares against competitors in our review Splish Splash Lenovo brings splash of color to its new IdeaPad lineup Budget laptops we love On a budget? You'll love these 4 affordable laptops Awesome and affordable gaming Lenovo's Legion Y520 delivers high-end gaming on a budget TrackPoint Nub luv A former cubicle jockey's awkward ode to the ThinkPad < > Surface Laptop Windows 10 Creators Update Best Laptops Best VPN Services Best Antivirus Surface Book Surface Pro 4 Lumia 950 XL Lumia 950 Windows 10 Tip us on News! Pre-order: Surface Laptop A Beast Lenovo's Legion Y920 is a monster gaming laptop at a monster price By Dan Thorp-Lancaster Thursday, May 18, 2017 at 12:00 pm EDT 7 Comments Gamers on the go with some extra cash to burn will want to turn their attention to Lenovo and its latest gaming notebook, the Legion Y920. Sitting at the very top-end of Lenovo's gaming lineup, the Legion Y920 is a beast of a machine with a price to match. The VR-ready Legion Y920 comes with multiple GPU options, including NVIDIA's GTX 1070, along with Intel's latest 7th-generation Core i7 processor, 16GB of RAM, and up to 1TB of storage. Aside from raw specs, however, the Y920 picks up some extra gaming cred thanks to its 17.3-inch NVIDIA G-Sync display, which should mean buttery-smooth frame pacing with zero screen tearing. And as if taking a queue from Razer's Blade Pro, the Legion Y920 also packs a mechanical keyboard with full RGB support. Here's a full look at the specs: Category Specification Processor 7th Gen Intel Core i7-7820HK / i7-7700HQ Display 17.3 FHD (1920x1080) Gsync IPS Storage 512GB SSD / 1TB HDD RAM 16GB GPU NVIDIA GTX 1070 (8GB) GDDR5 with PCI Express Keyboard Mechanical w/ full RGB OS Windows 10 Networking KillerTM Wireless-AC 1535, Killer LAN, Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 Ports 4xUSB 3.0, Thunderbolt, HDMI, RJ45, Display Port, 6 in 1 Card Reader Audio Dolby Home Theatre Audio, 2x 2W JBL Speakers, 3W Bass Subwoofer Camera 720p Battery 6 Cell, 90Wh Li-Polymer Weight 10.14lbs (4.6kg) Dimensions 16.7" x 12.4" x 1.41" inches (425 x 315 x 36mm) If the Legion Y920 strikes your fancy, Lenovo expects it to go on sale starting in June. You'll want to have plenty of cash handy, though: the notebook starts at $2,700 and can go up from there. Reader comments Lenovo's Legion Y920 is a monster gaming laptop at a monster price 7 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating pikkon38 EVGA SC17 is a way better option for the same price or a little cheaper (When I bought it). 0 1 day ago Reply l00natic71 It's showing for $2,300 at Newegg. It only has a 256GB drive, but 4K screen. The EVGA looks like a better value. Thanks for pointing it out. I've been looking for a new gaming laptop. 0 1 day ago Reply Ilovenutella Looks pretty badass. 0 1 day ago Reply phxchristian I wonder where people get $2700 bucks to waste on something like that when you can build a nice portable Intel Skull Canyon system for $1700 or so and another 500 bucks gets you a Razer Core. Skull Canyon System - 569 on sale 32 GB Crucial RAM - 229.99 500GB MyDigital SSD BP5e (data drive) - 179.99 500GB MyDigital SSD BPX (boot drive) - 229.99 Cooler Master MasterKeys Pro L RGB - 135.09 eVGA NVidia GTX1070 - 351.67 Total without GPU Enclosure = $1695.73 And it's upgradable!!!! Travel system Living Room System!!! Supports 4k displays * 4. And it plays the Witcher I @ 4k without anything needed, so I can take it on my trip using it for work and play. 0 1 day ago Reply AccentAE86 I think you missed the point of a laptop. It is portable. You can grab it and go out the door in a second. You can run it just about anywhere, and use it without a plugin. It sits on your LAP when needed. I'm all for building PCs, but you are totally missing the point here. 1 22 hours ago Reply phxchristian I don't game from a laptop. I game from my desktop. I need a portable workstation, not a laptop. I don't plan on working on a plane, just at my destination. Like I said, not everyone's needs are the same. -1 22 hours ago Reply Dillan K So why bother looking at this and commenting, then? There are those who game from a laptop, and that's who this computer is aimed at. If you want a desktop, go look at a desktop.  0 11 hours ago Reply 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2016 Mobile Nations • Terms and Conditions • Privacy Policy • Careers: Writer | Dev • Licensing • External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
Enter your search terms Submit search form       Home | About Us | Sample Press Release   Press Release Articles | Press Releases and SEO | Press Release Book     Global Smart TV Market Analysis, Share, Trends and Forecast by 2022 - Market Research Report 2017   View as PDF  Print View    OrbisResearch.com has published new research report on "Smart TV-Global Market Outlook (2016-2022)" to its database. Dallas, United States - May 19, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ -- According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Smart TV Market is estimated at $XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach $XX million by 2022 growing at a CAGR of XX% from 2016 to 2022. Increase in internet users across the regions is the one of the key factor driving the market growth. Advancements in computer technology is hampering the market growth. North America accounted for the highest market share as compared to other regions. The Asia Pacific region is expected to grow at a higher CAGR and is anticipated to account for the highest market share during forecast period. Request a sample of the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/292141 Some of the key players in the market include Yahoo, Videocon, Toshiba, Sony, Sharp, Samsung, Philips, Panasonic, Onida (Mirc Electronics Ltd), Microsoft, LG Electronics, Intel, Haier, Google, Cable Labs, Apple and Amd. Capabilities Covered: Internet Surfing Live Videos Program Recording TV Broadcasting Video On Demand Social Networking Online Movies and Music Other Capabilities Applications Covered: Educational Entertainment Internet Access Buy the report@http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/292141 Regions Covered: North America US Canada Mexico Europe Germany France Italy UK Spain Rest of Europe Asia Pacific Japan China India Australia New Zealand Rest of Asia Pacific Rest of the World Middle East Brazil Argentina South Africa Egypt What our report offers: - Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments - Market share analysis of the top industry players - Strategic recommendations for the new entrants - Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets - Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) - Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations - Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends - Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments - Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Major Points From The Table Of Contents: Executive Summary Preface Market Trend Analysis Porters Five Force Analysis Global Smart TV Market, By Capabilities Global Smart TV Market, By Application Global Smart TV Market, By Geography Key Developments Company Profiling List Of Tables: 1 Global Smart TV Market Outlook, By Region 2 Global Smart TV Market Outlook, By Capabilities 3 Global Smart TV Market Outlook, By Internet Surfing 4 Global Smart TV Market Outlook, By Live Videos 5 Global Smart TV Market Outlook, By Program Recording 6 Global Smart TV Market Outlook, By TV Broadcasting 7 Global Smart TV Market Outlook, By Video On Demand 8 Global Smart TV Market Outlook, By Other Capabilities 9 Global Smart TV Market Outlook, By Social Networking 10 Global Smart TV Market Outlook, By Online Movies and Music About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Info: Name: Hector Costello Email: sales@orbisresearch.com Organization: Orbis Research Address: 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas - 75204, U.S.A. Phone: +1 (214) 884-6817 Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/global-smart-tv-market-analysis-share-trends-and-forecast-by-2022-market-research-report-2017/201336 For more information, please visit http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/smart-tv-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 201336 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Foretec Singapore Announces the Availability of App Development Expert Audio Interview Available on Website (Sat 20th May 17) Hawthorn VIC Aged Care Service & Professional Consultant Release Resource Report (Sat 20th May 17) ICMediaDirect, Top Reputation Management Firm, Speaks At Affiliate Summit East (Sat 20th May 17) High Speed Stress-Reliever Fidget Spinner Announced Forbes Best Office Toy 2017 (Fri 19th May 17) San Diego Construction Upgrades at Fresenius Kidney Care (Fri 19th May 17) We Are Born 2 Strive - Online Clothing Store Celebrates its Recent Launch with Latest T-Shirt Designs (Fri 19th May 17) Sign in here Username: Password: Register here. Forgotten password? Press releases by industry Advertising Aerospace and Defense Architecture Arts and Entertainment Audio and Video Automotive Baseball Basketball Beauty Beverages Business Chemicals Christianity Communication Computers Consumer Crops eCommerce Economy Education Employment Energy Environment Events and Trade Shows Fashion Finance Food Football Forestry Golf Government Hardware Healthcare Holidays Human Resources Immigration Services Information Technology Insurance Internet Investment Services Legal Leisure Lifestyle Linux and Open Source Maritime Media Non-Profit Photography Plumbing and Heating Politics Public Relations Railroads Real Estate Religion and Faith Restaurants Retail Science Society Software Sports Technology Television Toys Trade Transportation Travel and Tourism Trucking Volunteer Waste Management Water [ Vist our sister sites: Linux news | Bible Study Tool ] Site design and layout copyright 2005-2015 Free Press Release Center
Feels like: Humidity: Wind speed: Tomorrow News Top Stories County By County Health Politics Your Money Education NewsChannel 13 In Depth Live Video Community reacts to Troy pools not opening this summer The Latest: Report: Probe has Trump adviser under scrutiny Widespread storm damage blamed on macroburst Hoosick Falls residents describe violent storm PHOTOS: Severe storm hits Capital Region More News Stories Weather First Warning Forecast National Grid First Warning Cams Closings & Delays Snow Emergencies Interactive Radar Apps & Alerts Hour By Hour Forecast Extended Forecast Watches, Warnings & Advisories WNYT.com Apps & Alerts First Warning Forecast powered by Sports Sports High School Scoreboard High School Athlete of the Week UAlbany Basketball Weekly UAlbany Holds Send Off for Men's Lacrosse Team Sweltering heat greets runners for CDPHP Workforce Team Challenge U.S. Open hopefuls tee up in Colonie Lily Sencer Leads Cohoes into Sectionals UAlbany Survives UNC Comeback to Advance to NCAA Quarterfinals More Sports Stories Lifestyle STEM13 Top Teacher 13 Kids Who Care Today's Women Let's Eat Forum 13 Melinda's Garden UAlbany senior achieves internet fame with haircare videos Fashion to take over Pearl Street in Albany Menands group helps girls get prom dresses 'Cabaret' at Proctors Theatre Watercress Soup & Quiche Lorraine More Lifestyle Stories Things to Do Events Calendar Add an Event Movie Listings Contests Save a Life Blood Drive Fashion to take over Pearl Street in Albany Summer Smith 5K Addiction Awareness Memorial Run 'Cabaret' at Proctors Theatre Some People Hear Thunder American Diabetes Association: Tour de Cure More Things to Do Stories WNYA My4 Tonight on My4 My4 Pet Show UAlbany Basketball Weekly FCC EEO Public File Report NewsChannel 13 Live at 10 on My4 Albany Martin Harding & Mazzotti Capital Region Pet Show, Saturdays & Sundays at 11am Who Wants To Be A Millionaire Weeknights at 7 The King of Queens Weeknights at 6 & 6:30 The Middle Weeknights at 5:30 More WNYA My4 Stories Programming WNYT NewsChannel 13 Program Schedule WNYT Programs WNYA My4 Albany Program Schedule WNYA Programs Harry Weekdays at 4 Me-TV Antenna TV NBC MyNetworkTV More Programming Stories Links Contact Us Contact Us Send a News Tip News Team Apps About Us FCC Public Files Career Opportunities Video Copies How to Advertise Closed Captioning Information MENU MENU News Top Stories County By County Health Politics Your Money Education NewsChannel 13 In Depth Live Video Weather First Warning Forecast National Grid First Warning Cams Closings & Delays Snow Emergencies Interactive Radar Apps & Alerts Sports Sports High School Scoreboard High School Athlete of the Week UAlbany Basketball Weekly Lifestyle STEM13 Top Teacher 13 Kids Who Care Today's Women Let's Eat Forum 13 Melinda's Garden Things to Do Events Calendar Add an Event Movie Listings Contests Save a Life Blood Drive WNYA My4 Tonight on My4 My4 Pet Show UAlbany Basketball Weekly FCC EEO Public File Report Programming WNYT NewsChannel 13 Program Schedule WNYT Programs WNYA My4 Albany Program Schedule WNYA Programs Links Contact Us Contact Us Send a News Tip News Team Apps About Us FCC Public Files Career Opportunities Video Copies How to Advertise Closed Captioning Information QUICK LINKS: Closings & Delays | STEM13 | Top Teacher | 13 Kids Who Care | Live Video | WNYT Apps Advertisement Senate chairman: Flynn has not responded to subpoena Michael Flynn | Photo: AP. May 19, 2017 05:32 AM WASHINGTON (AP) - The chairman of the Senate intelligence committee said Thursday that ousted National Security Adviser Michael Flynn hasn't responded to a subpoena from the panel in its probe of Russia's meddling in the 2016 presidential election. Republican Sen. Richard Burr of North Carolina had to retract a statement made hours earlier that Flynn's lawyer had told the committee he would not comply with the subpoena. Advertisement – Content Continues Below Legal experts say it's unlikely Flynn would agree to turn over the personal documents because he would be waiving his constitutional protection against self-incrimination by doing so. Flynn, though his lawyer, had earlier asked for immunity from "unfair prosecution" in exchange for agreeing to cooperate with the committee. Flynn's attorney Robert Kelner did not respond to phone messages and emails seeking comment. The Senate committee is one of several on Capitol Hill investigating possible collusion between Russia and President Donald Trump's 2016 campaign. Flynn is also the target of other congressional investigations as well as an ongoing FBI counterintelligence probe and a separate federal investigation in Virginia. Flynn, a retired Army lieutenant general, was fired from his position as Trump's national security adviser in February. At the time, Trump said he fired Flynn because he misled senior administration officials, including the vice president, about his contacts with Russian officials. The Senate committee issued the subpoena for Flynn's records on May 10 after he declined to cooperate with an April 28 request for documents. That request was similar to ones received by other Trump associates, including former campaign chairman Paul Manafort, Trump associate Roger Stone and former Trump foreign policy adviser Carter Page, a person familiar with the Senate investigation said. That person spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss confidential details of the committee's investigation. Page and Stone shared copies of their request letters with The Associated Press. Those letters sought a wide array of electronic and paper records related to any contacts made between people affiliated with the Trump campaign and Russian officials and businesses. Emails, text messages, letters, phone records and information about financial and real estate holdings associated with Russia were among the information requested by the committee. Nina Ginsberg, a veteran Washington defense attorney with extensive experience in national security cases, said that without an ironclad immunity deal from the committee, Flynn would be exposed to questioning from investigators about any personal documents he gave up. Providing those records to the committee would provide authorities with "a lot more information and the legal basis for questioning him about them," she said. Opening himself up to questioning from Senate investigations would be risky for Flynn given his current legal troubles. Flynn has been under scrutiny from the Justice Department since at least Nov. 30, when the department's Foreign Agent Registration Act unit sent him a letter questioning whether he needed to register as a foreign agent for lobbying work he performed for a Turkish businessman. The letter and initial stories on Flynn's lobbying were first reported by The Daily Caller. Flynn signed a $600,000 contract last August with a Turkish businessman, Ekim Alptekin. The contract called for Flynn's company, Flynn Intel Group, to gather information on a Turkish cleric living in the United States with the aim of getting a criminal referral against him. Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdogan has blamed the cleric, Fethullah Gulen, who lives in Pennsylvania, for a failed coup attempt last summer and has pressured the U.S. to extradite him. The U.S. has rebuffed those calls. Flynn Intel was paid only $530,000 for the work, which ended in November after Trump's election victory. The day of the election, Flynn published a pro-Turkish op-ed, which railed against Gulen, in The Hill newspaper. Flynn has denied the op-ed was related to his Turkish work. The op-ed prompted scrutiny by the Justice Department, and now a full-fledged federal investigation. According to a U.S. official, authorities in the Eastern District of Virginia are examining Flynn's paid foreign consulting work last year for the Turkish-owned company while he was advising Trump's presidential campaign. The official was not authorized to discuss the probe and requested anonymity. The existence of the investigation was first confirmed by CNN, which reported that federal prosecutors recently sent grand jury subpoenas to Flynn associates and contractors who worked with his firm. Alptekin told the AP in an email that he is not a target of the investigation and has not been contacted by authorities. Amid Justice interest, Trump formally chose Flynn as his national security adviser. As the AP reported in March , an attorney for Flynn told Trump's presidential transition team- including now-White House counsel Don McGahn - that Flynn might have to register as a foreign agent. After Trump's inauguration, Flynn's representatives told the White House counsel that Flynn, who was already serving as national security adviser, would be registering with the Justice Department. Flynn finally registered in March, acknowledging his work could have benefited the government of Turkey. The White House has confirmed Flynn's attorney contacted the transition and the counsel's office about his possible foreign agent registration. But a White House official has said McGahn and others were not aware of the full details of Flynn's Turkish work. Flynn is separately being investigated by the Defense Department's inspector general. That inquiry is looking into whether Flynn was fully forthcoming about his foreign contacts and earnings from organizations linked to the governments of Russia and Turkey. The top Democrat and Republican on a House oversight committee have said Flynn likely broke federal law by failing to get approval from the U.S. government to accept foreign payments, including $33,000 in 2015 from RT, Russia's state-sponsored television network. RT has been branded a propaganda outlet by U.S. intelligence officials. Credits By CHAD DAY, STEPHEN BRAUN and MARY CLARE JALONICK Updated: May 19, 2017 05:32 AM (Copyright 2017 by The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.) Advertisement Advertisement Most Read Stories Widespread storm damage blamed on macroburst Prostitution operation nets 8 arrests in Schenectady Hoosick Falls residents describe violent storm Witness: Man riding a bike struck by lightning in Cohoes Prosecutors: Times Square driver wanted to 'kill them all' Advertisement Top Stories Community reacts to Troy pools not opening this summer The Latest: Report: Probe has Trump adviser under scrutiny Widespread storm damage blamed on macroburst Hoosick Falls residents describe violent storm PHOTOS: Severe storm hits Capital Region Advertisement NEWS WEATHER SPORTS INTERACTIVE YOUR MONEY LIFESTYLE EVENTS WNYA My4 PROGRAMMING LINKS CONTACT US WNYT Public File | WNYA Public File | FCC Reports The station representative that can assist any person with disabilities with issues related to the content of the public file is Laura Sousa. She can be contacted at lsousa@wnyt.com or 518-207-4703. About Us | Contact Us | News Team | © Copyright A Hubbard Broadcasting Company lead generation
Just In 10mins Indian-origin student found dead in US 14mins Sharif to attend Arab NATO in Riyadh 47mins Gold for India’s compound archers at World Cup Stage I 1hr Kerala woman chops off genitals of godman who allegedly raped her 1hr Iran’s Rouhani: a moderate cleric open to the world 1hr Rouhani set to win Iran presidential polls 2hrs Long list of GST rates for services 4hrs Bharat is asking for its share in opinions and opportunities: Chetan Bhagat 4hrs Yemen’s Houthis say fire ballistic missile towards Saudi capital 4hrs Death toll in southern Libya attack 141, Defence Minister suspended 4hrs Fired FBI chief Comey to testify publicly in Congress Mumbai Indians beat KKR by 6 wickets, to enter final of IPL-10 Death triggers tension in Pulwama Paneerselvam meets Modi in Delhi Congress to expose lies of Modi govt.: Singhvi Home News National International States Cities Opinion Cartoon Columns Editorial Interview Lead Readers' Editor Comment Open Page Letters Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget Stock Quotes Sport Cricket Football Hockey Tennis Athletics Motorsport Races Other Sports Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Sci-Tech Science Technology Health Agriculture Environment Gadgets Internet thREAD Behind India’s cheapest eco-stove Share On JUST IN 10mins Indian-origin student found dead in US 14mins Sharif to attend Arab NATO in Riyadh 47mins Gold for India’s compound archers at World Cup Stage I 1hr Kerala woman chops off genitals of godman who allegedly raped her 1hr Iran’s Rouhani: a moderate cleric open to the world 1hr Rouhani set to win Iran presidential polls 2hrs Long list of GST rates for services 4hrs Bharat is asking for its share in opinions and opportunities: Chetan Bhagat 4hrs Yemen’s Houthis say fire ballistic missile towards Saudi capital 4hrs Death toll in southern Libya attack 141, Defence Minister suspended 4hrs Fired FBI chief Comey to testify publicly in Congress Mumbai Indians beat KKR by 6 wickets, to enter final of IPL-10 Death triggers tension in Pulwama Paneerselvam meets Modi in Delhi Congress to expose lies of Modi govt.: Singhvi CLOSE Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Journey through Chennai's underground metro Life & Style Homes and gardens Homes and gardens Behind India’s cheapest eco-stove Nidhi Adlakha May 19, 2017 15:18 IST Updated: May 19, 2017 18:46 IST Share Article PRINT A A A Nidhi Adlakha May 19, 2017 15:18 IST Updated: May 19, 2017 18:46 IST more-in The Hindu Weekend With a great price point and promises of 80% less pollution, Prakti Design’s eco-stoves are elbowing out the traditional chullah faster than ever Don’t be surprised if you spot village women whipping up a Thai green curry or French crêpes while you are in Puducherry next. The new culinary skills are thanks to the team at city-based Prakti Design, the social enterprise that has been designing and selling clean-burning, fuel-efficient stoves since 2009. They host a cooking show on their YouTube channel as one the initiatives to interact with rural communities. It all started in 2003, when founder/CEO Mouhsine Serrar visited Nepal and noticed how toxic fumes from the traditional ‘smoky’ mud stoves were causing respiratory problems, especially among women and children. This stirred the designer in Serrar — who had, by then, spent almost a decade working as a mechanical engineer for MNCs such as Motorola, Intel and Boeing. Back in the US, driven by his two passions, design and entrepreneurship, he studied stoves at the Aprovecho Research Center and started working on creating clean-burning variants for developing countries. After studying stoves at the Aprovecho Research Center in the US, and working in West Africa, he came to India in 2005 under a Shell Foundation grant. He moved to Puducherry and founded Prakti Design two years later which has since thenbenefited over 2,70,000 people across India, Nepal, Congo and Haiti.   We speak to Serrar ahead of the launch of Prakti Ray, touted to be the cheapest eco-stove in the market. Excerpts: What are the many features of Prakti stoves? We offer eight stainless steel stove technologies, accommodating charcoal, wood, and organic matter-based fuels. They have proven to cut fuel needs by up to 50% and indoor air pollution by 80%. The single burner charcoal stove is widely used as a camping stove in the UK and Africa. In India, the wood stove is popular. Our double burner variant with a chimney can double up as an indoor heater. There are two types of institutional stoves: for mid-day meals, disaster relief/refugee camps. Their USP? All our stoves come with a year’s warranty and are made at our Chennai and Puducherry factories. They are tested for emissions and durability at our Puducherry lab. We don’t want users to change their cooking style, so our designers work with women to understand what they cook and how they cook. We’ve employed a full-time ‘testing’ cook from a nearby village, who test our stoves each day. If our stove doesn’t work well, we don’t have lunch, and we have an upset cook!   What’s new about Prakti Ray? It’s the latest in our single burner wood stove design series and much lighter than our other variants. With Ray, we made a significant improvement in usability, allowing fuel and smoke reduction. While most stoves have small doors, our models have larger outlets. To be priced at ₹900, it will be the cheapest in the market and we are aiming for a pre-Diwali release. How do you work out the pricing? While social enterprises are an excellent way to create a sustainable, scalable impact, the support and funding available is inadequate. We are competing against the traditional chullah, which costs nothing. So we source material and staff locally and buy in bulk, which helps reduce overall pricing by over 30%. The single burner stoves are priced at ₹1,499 and our institutional ones at ₹4,500. But they are subsidised for rural markets and prices go as low as ₹800 (for a bulk order). Your work towards promoting healthy cooking in rural households is popular. Our products are aimed at the poor, but we treat them as any other paying customer. Creating innovative methods to interact with them are important, and our online Prakti Cooking Show is one such tool. Our focus is on promoting healthy, local ingredients and we bring in foreigners who speak Tamil to teach villagers how they can tweak international recipes with locally-available produce. For instance, a video of our French colleague from Auroville cooking a Thai green curry, was a big hit. They have also learnt how to cook their own version of the banana flambée using jaggery and ghee. For more details, log on to praktidesign.com Post a Comment More In Homes and gardens environment and design Related Articles << Previous Story A bedrock of history Next Story >> Global investment destinations for 2017 Please Wait while comments are loading... Comments will be moderated by The Hindu editorial team. Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters, or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text. (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). We may remove hyperlinks within comments. Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. Printable version | May 20, 2017 12:29:16 PM | http://www.thehindu.com/life-and-style/homes-and-gardens/prakti-designs-eco-friendly-stoves/article18507594.ece © The Hindu Style it with stools Designers are experimenting with materials that are durable and look good, so opt for one that works with your home, says Teja Lele Desai Teja Lele Desai Top Picks in The Hindu today Half Girlfriend: not even worth a half-ticket Bharat is asking for its share in opinions and opportunities: Chetan Bhagat 'Magizhchi'! says Stalin on Rajinikanth remark Daughter of construction worker gets 474 marks in SSLC exams GST makes India inhospitable, says tourism sector Netflix heckled at Okja’s première at Cannes Thailand’s chunky monkey on a diet ‘Glamour and charisma alone can’t ensure success in politics’ Happy ending to Mumbai theft drama Kalibanga museum, famous for Harappan artefacts, reopens Close X Next Story >> Global investment destinations for 2017 CLOSE THIS MENU TRENDING TODAY Chennai Hyderabad Bengaluru Videos Entertainment Today's Paper ePaper News National International Elections Goa 2017 Uttar Pradesh 2017 Uttarakhand 2017 Punjab 2017 Manipur 2017 Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget States Andhra Pradesh Karnataka Kerala Tamil Nadu Telangana Other States Cities Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kolkata Mumbai Kozhikode Madurai Mangaluru Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam Opinion Editorial Lead Comment Columns Interview Cartoon Open Page Readers' Editor Letters Sport Athletics Cricket Football Hockey Motorsport Other Sports Races Tennis Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Children Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Technology Gadgets Internet Sci-Tech Agriculture Environment Health Education Careers Colleges Schools Multimedia Photos Videos Podcast Data Specials Crossword Resources Tags thREAD Archive Classifieds eBooks Subscribe Social About Us CONNECT WITH US CLOSE THIS MENU Home News Opinion Business Sport Entertainment Life & Style Society Books Sci-Tech thREAD THE SITE About Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contacts Archive Subscribe GROUP SITES The Hindu தி இந்து Business Line BL on Campus Sportstarlive Frontline The Hindu Centre RoofandFloor STEP Publications eBooks Images Classifieds Send your feedback to: web.thehindu@thehindu.co.inCopyright© 2017, The Hindu
Digital Trends Home > Gaming > AMD Radeon Crimson Relive Edition update speeds up… AMD Radeon Crimson Relive Edition update speeds up ‘Prey’ on the RX 580 By Mark Coppock — Updated May 18, 2017 3:20 pm Subscribe Share Bill Roberson/Digital Trends Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Get today's popular Digital Trends articles in your inbox: Why it matters to you Go download the latest drivers to get the most out of your Radeon RX 580 8GB investment. AMD has been making waves lately with their next generation of CPUs and GPUs. The Ryzen CPUs based on the Zen architecture are lauded for their price-performance propositions versus Intel’s Core processors and the next-generation GPU Vega architecture is slowly making its way to the market. In addition, AMD has pushed some new GPUs based on its older Polaris architecture, including the RX 570 and 580, which offer their own value propositions. The latest Radeon Crimson Relive Edition software is aimed at making sure that the latest GPUs offer the best possible performance. Specifically, AMD has improved the performance of the popular new first-person shooter Prey in Radeon Crimson Relive Edition version 17.5.2, with a focus on the Radeon RX 580 8GB GPU. That combination should perform up to 4.5 percent better compared to the previous driver version, 17.5.1. AMD also fixed some issues from previous driver versions. Here is the complete list directly from AMDs release notes: Nier: Automata may experience a random hang or application crash after short periods of gameplay. Forza Horizon 3 may experience very long map/launch load times. The primary display adapter may sometimes appear disabled in Radeon Settings while driving a display from the linked adapter in Multi GPU system configurations. Radeon RX 550 series graphics products may experience a system hang when entering sleep or hibernate modes. No driver update would be complete without some known issues, and this version is no different. Here are the known issues for version 17.5.2 from AMD’s release notes: Virtual Super Resolution may fail to enable on some Radeon RX 400 and Radeon RX 500 series graphics products. The Display feature in Radeon Settings “GPU Scaling” may not function for some games. A few apps may still experience issues with Borderless Fullscreen mode and AMD FreeSync technology if other applications or game launchers are running on the primary screen in the background. Counter-Strike: Global Offensive and World of Warcraft may experience flickering or performance issues the first time the game is launched on a system boot with AMD FreeSync technology enabled. Workarounds include exiting and restarting the application or task switching (alt+tab) in and out of the game to fix the issue. If you’re a Radeon Relive users, then you will want to check out some known issues for that feature as well. As always, you can grab the drivers from AMD’s support site.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 May 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Self-checkout Systems Report on Global and United States Market, Status and Forecast, by Players, Types and Applications 2017-2022 Research Description This report studies the Self-checkout Systems market status and outlook of global and United States, from angles of players, regions, product types and end industries; this report analyzes the top players in global and United States market, and splits the Self-checkout Systems market by product type and applications/end industries. The global Self-checkout Systems market is valued at XX million USD in 2016 and is expected to reach XX million USD by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Get Sample copy of this Report http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/292366 . The Asia-Pacific will occupy for more market share in following years, especially in China, also fast growing India and Southeast Asia regions. North America, especially The United States, will still play an important role which cannot be ignored. Any changes from United States might affect the development trend of Self-checkout Systems. United States plays an important role in global market, with market size of xx million USD in 2016 and will be xx million USD in 2022, with a CAGR of XX. Geographically, this report is segmented into several key regions, with sales, revenue, market share (%) and growth Rate (%) of Self-checkout Systems in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering United States North America Europe Asia-Pacific South America Middle East and Africa Browse full Report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/2017-2022-self-checkout-systems-report-on-global-and-united-states-market-status-and-forecast-by-players-types-and-applications . The major players in global and United States Self-checkout Systems market, including NCR, Diebold Nixdorf, Fujitsu, Toshiba Tec, ITAB Scanflow AB, ECR Software, Pan-Oston, IER, Computer Hardware Design, PCMS Group, Slabb, Datang Intel, Yzgo.com, Fuzhou Jiuzhu Technology Co., Ltd. The On the basis of product, the Self-checkout Systems market is primarily split into Compact Version Full Size Version Others On the basis on the end users/applications, this report covers Supermarkets Grocery Stores Movie Theater Ticket Station Food Services Others TOC: Chapter One: Methodology and Data Source 1.1 Methodology/Research Approach 1.1.1 Research Programs/Design 1.1.2 Market Size Estimation 1.1.3 Market Breakdown and Data Triangulation 1.2 Data Source 2.1.1 Secondary Sources 2.1.2 Primary Sources 1.3 Disclaimer Chapter Two: Self-checkout Systems Market Overview 2.1 Self-checkout Systems Product Overview 2.2 Self-checkout Systems Market Segment by Type 2.2.1 Compact Version 2.2.2 Full Size Version 2.2.3 Others 2.3 Global Self-checkout Systems Product Segment by Type 2.3.1 Global Self-checkout Systems Sales (K Units) and Growth (%) by Types (2012, 2016 and 2022) 2.3.2 Global Self-checkout Systems Sales (K Units) and Market Share (%) by Types (2012-2017) 2.3.3 Global Self-checkout Systems Revenue (Million USD) and Market Share (%) by Types (2012-2017) 2.3.4 Global Self-checkout Systems Price (USD/Unit) by Type (2012-2017) 2.4 United States Self-checkout Systems Product Segment by Type 2.4.1 United States Self-checkout Systems Sales (K Units) and Growth by Types (2012, 2016 and 2022) 2.4.2 United States Self-checkout Systems Sales (K Units) and Market Share by Types (2012-2017) 2.4.3 United States Self-checkout Systems Revenue (Million USD) and Market Share by Types (2012-2017) 2.4.4 United States Self-checkout Systems Price (USD/Unit) by Type (2012-2017) Chapter Three: Self-checkout Systems Application/End Users 3.1 Self-checkout Systems Segment by Application/End Users 3.1.1 Supermarkets 3.1.2 Grocery Stores 3.1.3 Movie Theater 3.1.4 Ticket Station 3.1.5 Food Services 3.2 Global Self-checkout Systems Product Segment by Application 3.2.1 Global Self-checkout Systems Sales (K Units) and CGAR (%) by Applications (2012, 2016 and 2022) 3.2.2 Global Self-checkout Systems Sales (K Units) and Market Share (%) by Applications (2012-2017) 3.3 United States Self-checkout Systems Product Segment by Application 3.3.1 United States Self-checkout Systems Sales (K Units) and CGAR (%) by Applications (2012, 2016 and 2022) 3.3.2 United States Self-checkout Systems Sales (K Units) and Market Share (%) by Applications (2012-2017) If you have any special requirements, please let us know and we will offer you the report as you want. About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Us: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews Tags2017-2022 self-checkout systems report on global and united states industry 2017, 2017-2022 self-checkout systems report on global and united states industry 2022 forecast, 2017-2022 self-checkout systems report on global and united states market, market research reports, Orbis Research, states vascular imaging systems sales market Post navigation Previous PostPrevious May 19, 2017: German letter prices remain competitive compared with rest of Europe Next PostNext United States Prostate Cancer Diagnostics Market Highlights 2017 Impact of Drivers, Trends, Top-Vendor Offerings Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts Global Low Harmonic Drives Market to Grow at a CAGR of 4.76% to 2021 Pantoprazole Sodium (CAS 138786-67-1) Professional Survey Report in Forecast to 2022 Health Tech Startup SAFKAN Wins $145,000 Grand Prize at Seattle Angel Conference XI Thom Ross “My Last Conversation with Albert Ball” New Paintings Protein For Fitness Offers Exercise Enthusiasts a One-Stop Reference for Reviews, News, and More Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today DOW- NASDAQ- S&P 500- Deere leaps ahead on massive Q2 earnings burst >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT) Extends Gains After Posting 129% Advance In Q2 Profit CEO says AMAT is in a great position to provide the critical building blocks needed to move the industry forward By InvestorPlace Staff  |  May 19, 2017, 4:30 am EDT     Popular Posts: Pandora Media Inc (P) Investors Believe M&A Bid Reports Are Sirius DISH Network Corp (DISH) Reported Wooing Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) for Satellite Wireless Network Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT) Extends Gains After Posting 129% Advance In Q2 Profit Recent Posts: Foot Locker, Inc. (FL) Shares Pummeled as Late Tax Refunds Blamed for Q1 Earnings Shortfall Deere & Company (DE) Stock Pops on 62% Burst on the Bottom Line Autodesk, Inc. (ADSK) Gains After Q1 Beat and Solid Guidance View All Posts Applied Materials, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMAT) beat reported adjusted fiscal Q2 earnings of 79 cents a share on revenue of $3.55 billion. Analysts had estimated earnings of 76 cents a share on revenue of $3.53 billion. AMAT stock continued gaining this morning in pre-market trading. The world’s leading semiconductor equipment maker said revenue for the quarter rose 44.9% to $3.55 billion, up from $2.45 billion last year, according to a company statement. AMAT’s bottom line increased to $861 million, up from $376 million, or 34 cents per share, in last year’s second quarter. Applied Materials sells the chipmaking equipment that keeps companies like Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC), Taiwan Semiconductor Mfg. Co. Ltd. (ADR) (NYSE:TSM), Micron Technology Inc (NASDAQ:MU) and NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) going. This business tends to be a feast-or-famine type affair, with a lot of range between those two positions. When chip sales are soft or there is a glut in the market, Applied Materials’ business dries up and its growth story — as well as the stock’s momentum — go right out the window. In management’s conference call with analysts following yesterday’s earning’s release, Gary Dickerson, president and CEO. said AMAT’s markets are growing and becoming more stable. He added that “this is a period of incredible innovation in logic, memory and display and we’re in a great position to provide the critical building blocks needed to move the industry forward.” AMAT’s gross margin grew 3.6 points to 46.3%, operating margin increased by 8.6 points to 27.8%. The company generated $898 million in cash from operations and returned $390 million to shareholders via stock buybacks and cash dividends. For the fiscal third quarter, Applied Materials expects adjusted earnings of 79 cents to 87 cents a share on revenue of $3.6 billion to $3.75 billion. Analysts had estimated 68 cents a share on revenue of $3.41 billion. “Across the company we have tremendous momentum as our markets are strong and getting stronger, and we’re sustainably growing faster than these markets by expanding our served opportunity and gaining share,” Dickerson said in the earnings announcement. AMAT stock has added 36% so far this year, compared to 16% for PHLX Semiconductor (INDEXNASDAQ:SOX). Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/05/applied-materials-inc-amat-extends-gains-after-posting-129-advance-in-q2-profit/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Cash-Rich, Debt-Free Stocks to Buy to Clobber the Market 3 Dow Jones Icons Set to Surge on a Rebound 7 Small Caps With Mega-Growth Potential 3 Retail REITs to Salvage for Their Inflated Yields 10 M&A Deals We Would Love to See The Next Big Amazon Stock Catalyst ... ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 3 Dow Jones Icons That Will Surge on the Rebound 3 Retail REITs to Salvage for Their Inflated Yields 10 Mergers & Acquisitions Investors Would Love to See 7 Cash-Rich, Debt-Free Stocks to Buy to Clobber the Market 7 Small-Cap Stocks With Mega-Growth Potential Most Popular 7 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy for Every Kind of Investor The 5 Most Vulnerable Stocks in the Market Right Now 7 Criminally Underrated Tech Stocks to Buy Now! The 10 Best Growth Stocks for Retirement 7 Big Bank Stocks Getting Clocked by Trump Chaos The 3 Best Dow Jones Stocks to Buy Poll of the Day View and vote in our How confident are you about the U.S. economy under President Donald Trump? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Fearless Muckraking Since 1993 Home Articles Recent Articles Magazine Current Issue Back Issues Subscribe Subscriber Access Subscribe Donate Archives Search Authors About JOIN LIST Books T-shirts podcasts FAQs May 19, 2017 Seth Rich, Craig Murray and the Sinister Stewards of the National Security State  by Mike Whitney by Tweet Email Photo by Obama-Biden Transition | CC BY 2.0 Why is it a “conspiracy theory” to think that a disgruntled Democratic National Committee staffer gave WikiLeaks the DNC emails, but not a conspiracy theory to think the emails were provided by Russia? Why? Which is the more likely scenario: That a frustrated employee leaked damaging emails to embarrass his bosses or a that foreign government hacked DNC computers for some still-unknown reason? That’s a no-brainer, isn’t it? Former-DNC employee, Seth Rich, not only had access to the emails, but also a motive. He was pissed about the way the Clinton crowd was “sandbagging” Bernie Sanders. In contrast, there’s neither evidence nor motive connecting Russia to the emails. On top of that,  WikiLeaks founder, Julien Assange (a man of impeccable integrity) has repeatedly denied that Russia gave him the emails which suggests the government investigation is completely misdirected. The logical course of action, would be to pursue the leads that are most likely to bear fruit, not those that originate from one’s own political bias. But, of course, logic has nothing to do with the current investigation, it’s all about politics and geopolitics. We don’t know who killed Seth Rich and we’re not going to speculate on the matter here.  But we find it very strange that neither the media nor the FBI have pursued leads in the case that challenge the prevailing narrative on the Russia hacking issue. Why is that? Why is the media so eager to blame Russia when Rich looks like the much more probable suspect? And why have the mainstream news organizations put so much energy into discrediting the latest Fox News report, when– for the last 10 months– they’ve showed absolutely zero interest in Rich’s death at all? According to Fox News: “The Democratic National Committee staffer who was gunned down on July 10 on a Washington, D.C., street just steps from his home had leaked thousands of internal emails to WikiLeaks, law enforcement sources told Fox News. A federal investigator who reviewed an FBI forensic report detailing the contents of DNC staffer Seth Rich’s computer generated within 96 hours after his murder, said Rich made contact with WikiLeaks through Gavin MacFadyen, a now-deceased American investigative reporter, documentary filmmaker, and director of WikiLeaks who was living in London at the time…. Rod Wheeler, a retired Washington homicide detective and Fox News contributor investigating the case on behalf of the Rich family, made the WikiLeaks claim, which was corroborated by a federal investigator who spoke to Fox News…. “I have seen and read the emails between Seth Rich and Wikileaks,” the federal investigator told Fox News, confirming the MacFadyen connection. He said the emails are in possession of the FBI, while the stalled case is in the hands of the Washington Police Department.” (“Family of slain DNC staffer Seth Rich blasts detective over report of WikiLeaks link”, Fox News) Okay, so where’s the computer? Who’s got Rich’s computer? Let’s do the forensic work and get on with it. But the Washington Post and the other bogus news organizations aren’t interested in such matters because it doesn’t fit with their political agenda. They’d rather take pot-shots at Fox for running an article that doesn’t square with their goofy Russia hacking story. This is a statement on the abysmal condition of journalism today. Headline news has become the province of perception mandarins who use the venue to shape information to their own malign specifications, and any facts that conflict with their dubious storyline, are savagely attacked and discredited. Journalists are no longer investigators that keep the public informed, but paid assassins who liquidate views that veer from the party-line. WikiLeaks never divulges the names of the people who provide them with information. Even so, Assange has not only shown an active interest in the Seth Rich case, but also offered a $20,000 reward for anyone providing information leading to the arrest and conviction of Rich’s murder. Why? And why did he post a link to the Fox News article on his Twitter account on Tuesday? I don’t know, but if I worked for the FBI or the Washington Post, I’d sure as hell be beating the bushes to find out. And not just because it might help in Rich’s murder investigation, but also, because it could shed light on the Russia fiasco which is being used to lay the groundwork for impeachment proceedings. So any information that challenges the government version of events, could actually change the course of history. Have you ever heard of Craig Murray? Murray should be the government’s star witness in the DNC hacking scandal, instead, no one even knows who he is. But if we trust what Murray has to say, then we can see that the Russia hacking story is baloney. The emails were “leaked” by insiders not “hacked” by a foreign government. Here’s the scoop from Robert Parry at Consortium News: “Former British Ambassador to Uzbekistan Craig Murray, has suggested that the DNC leak came from a “disgruntled” Democrat upset with the DNC’s sandbagging of the Sanders campaign and that the Podesta leak came from the U.S. intelligence community….He (Murray) appears to have undertaken a mission for WikiLeaks to contact one of the sources (or a representative) during a Sept. 25 visit to Washington where he says he met with a person in a wooded area of American University. …. Though Murray has declined to say exactly what the meeting in the woods was about, he may have been passing along messages about ways to protect the source from possible retaliation, maybe even an extraction plan if the source was in some legal or physical danger…Murray also suggested that the DNC leak and the Podesta leak came from two different sources, neither of them the Russian government. “The Podesta emails and the DNC emails are, of course, two separate things and we shouldn’t conclude that they both have the same source,” Murray said. “In both cases we’re talking of a leak, not a hack, in that the person who was responsible for getting that information out had legal access to that information… Scott Horton then asked, “Is it fair to say that you’re saying that the Podesta leak came from inside the intelligence services, NSA [the electronic spying National Security Agency] or another agency?” “I think what I said was certainly compatible with that kind of interpretation, yeah,” Murray responded. “In both cases they are leaks by Americans.” (“A Spy Coup in America?”, Robert Parry, Consortium News) With all the hullabaloo surrounding the Russia hacking case, you’d think that Murray’s eyewitness account would be headline news, but not in Homeland Amerika where the truth is kept as far from the front page as humanly possible. Bottom line: The government has a reliable witness (Murray) who can positively identify the person who hacked the DNC emails and, so far, they’ve showed no interest in his testimony at all.  Doesn’t that strike you as a bit weird? Did you know that after a 10 month-long investigation, there’s still no hard evidence that Russia hacked the 2016 elections?  In fact, when the Intelligence agencies were pressed on the matter, they promised to release a report that would provide iron-clad proof of Russian meddling.  On January 6, 2017, theDirector of National Intelligence, James Clapper, released that report. It was called The Intelligence Community Assessment (ICA).  Unfortunately, the report fell far-short of the public’s expectations. Instead of a smoking gun, Clapper produced a tedious 25-page compilation of speculation, hearsay, innuendo and gobbledygook.  Here’s how veteran journalist Robert Parry summed it up: “The report contained no direct evidence that Russia delivered hacked emails from the Democratic National Committee and Hillary Clinton’s campaign chairman John Podesta to WikiLeaks….The DNI report…as presented, is one-sided and lacks any actual proof. Further, the continued use of the word “assesses”….suggests that the underlying classified information also may be less than conclusive because, in intelligence-world-speak, “assesses” often means “guesses.” (“US Report Still Lacks Proof on Russia ‘Hack’”, Robert Parry, Consortium News) Repeat: “the report contained no direct evidence”, no “actual proof”, and a heckuva a lot of “guessing”. That’s some “smoking gun”, eh? If this ‘thin gruel’ sounds like insufficient grounds for removing a sitting president and his administration, that’s because it is.  But the situation is even worse than it looks,  mainly because the information in the assessment is not reliable. The ICA was corrupted by higher-ups in the Intel food-chain who selected particular analysts who could be trusted to produce a document that served their broader political agenda. Think I’m kidding? Take a look at this excerpt from an article at Fox News: “On January 6, 2017, the U.S. Intelligence Community issued an “Intelligence Community Assessment” (ICA) that found Russia deliberately interfered in the 2016 presidential election to benefit Trump’s candidacy…  (but) there are compelling reasons to believe this ICA was actually a politicized analysis that violated normal rules for crafting intelligence assessments…… to ensure this one reached the bottom line conclusion that the Obama administration was looking for. … ….Director of National Intelligence James Clapper explained in his testimony that two dozen or so “seasoned experts” were “handpicked” from the contributing agencies” and drafted the ICA “under the aegis of his former office” …  While Clapper claimed these analysts were given “complete independence” to reach their findings, he added that their conclusions “were thoroughly vetted and then approved by the directors of the three agencies and me.” This process drastically differed from the Intelligence Community’s normal procedures.  Hand-picking a handful of analysts from just three intelligence agencies to write such a controversial assessment went against standing rules to vet such analyses throughout the Intelligence Community within its existing structure.  The idea of using hand-picked intelligence analysts selected through some unknown process to write an assessment on such a politically sensitive topic carries a strong stench of politicization…. A major problem with this process is that it gave John Brennan, CIA’s hyper-partisan former director, enormous influence over the drafting of the ICA.  Given Brennan’s scathing criticism of Mr. Trump before and after the election, he should have had no role whatsoever in the drafting of this assessment.  Instead, Brennan probably selected the CIA analysts who worked on the ICA and reviewed and approved their conclusions…. The unusual way that the January 6, 2017 Intelligence Community Assessment was drafted raises major questions as to whether it was rigged by the Obama administration to produce conclusions that would discredit the election outcome and Mr. Trump’s presidency.” (“More indications Intel assessment of Russian interference in election was rigged”, Fox News) Repeat: “A politicized analysis that violated normal rules for crafting intelligence assessments.” That says it all, doesn’t it? Let’s take a minute and review the main points in the article: 1–Was the Intelligence Community Assessment the summary work of all 17 US Intelligence Agencies? No, it was not. “In his May 8 testimony to a Senate Judiciary subcommittee hearing, Clapper confirmed …(that) the ICA reflected the views of only three intelligence agencies — CIA, NSA and FBI – not all 17.” 2–Did any of the analysts challenge the findings in the ICA? No, the document failed to acknowledge any dissenting views, which suggests that the analysts were screened in order to create consensus. 3– Were particular analysts chosen to produce the ICA? Yes, they were “handpicked from the contributing agencies” and drafted the ICA “under the aegis of his former office” (the Office of the Director of National Intelligence.) 4– Was their collaborative work released to the public in its original form? No,  their conclusions “were thoroughly vetted and then approved by the directors of the three agencies and me.” (Clapper) This of course suggests that the document was political in nature and crafted to deliver a particular message. 5–Were Clapper’s methods “normal” by Intelligence agency standards? Definitely not. “This process drastically differed from the Intelligence Community’s normal procedures.” 6–Are Clapper and Brennan partisans who have expressed their opposition to Trump many times in the past calling into question their ability to be objective in executing their duties as heads of their respective agencies? Absolutely. Check out this clip from Monday’s Arkansas online: “I think, in many ways, our institutions are under assault, both externally — and that’s the big news here, is the Russian interference in our election system,” said James Clapper, the former director of national intelligence. “I think as well our institutions are under assault internally.” When he was asked, “Internally, from the president?” Clapper said, “Exactly.” (Clapper calls Trump democracy assailant”, arkansasonline) Brennan has made numerous similar statements. (Note: It is particularly jarring that Clapper– who oversaw the implementation of the modern surveillance police state– feels free to talk about “the assault on our institutions.”) 7–Does the ICA prove that anyone on the Trump campaign colluded with Russia or that Russia meddled in the 2016 elections? No, it doesn’t.  What it shows is that –even while Clapper and Brennan may have been trying to produce an assessment that would ‘kill two birds with one stone’, (incriminate Russia and smear Trump at the same time) the ICA achieved neither. So far, there’s no proof of anything.   Now take a look at this list I found in an article at The American Thinker: “12 prominent public statements by those on both sides of the aisle who reviewed the evidence or been briefed on it confirmed there was no evidence of Russia trying to help Trump in the election or colluding with him: The New York Times (Nov 1, 2016); House Speaker Paul Ryan (Feb, 26, 2017); Former DNI James Clapper , March 5, 2017); Devin Nunes Chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, March 20, 2017); James Comey, March 20, 2017; Rep. Chris Stewart, House Intelligence Committee, March 20, 2017; Rep. Adam Schiff, House Intelligence committee, April 2, 2017); Senator Dianne Feinstein, Senate Intelligence Committee, May 3, 2017); Sen. Joe Manchin  Senate Intelligence Committee, May 8, 2017; James Clapper (again) (May 8, 2017); Rep. Maxine Waters, May 9, 2017); President Donald Trump,(May 9, 2017). Senator Grassley, Chairman of the Senate Judiciary committee, indicated that his briefing confirmed Dianne Feinstein’s view that the President was not under investigation for colluding with the Russians.” (“Russian Hacking and Collusion: Put the Cards on the Table”, American Thinker) Keep in mind, this is a list of the people who actually “reviewed the evidence”, and even they are not convinced. It just goes to show that the media blitz is not based on any compelling proof, but on the determination of  behind-the-scenes elites who want to destroy their political rivals. Isn’t that what’s really going on? How does former FBI Director James Comey fit into all this? First of all, we need to set the record straight on Comey so readers don’t get the impression that he’s the devoted civil servant and all-around stand-up guy he’s made out to be in the media. Here’s a short clip from an article by Human Rights First that will help to put things into perspective: “Five former FBI agents…raised concerns about his (Comey’s) support for a legal memorandum justifying torture and his defense of holding an American citizen indefinitely without charge. They note that Comey concurred with a May 10, 2005, Office of Legal Counsel opinion that authorized torture. While the agents credited Comey for opposing torture tactics in combination and on policy grounds, they note that Comey still approved the legal basis for use of specific torture tactics. “These techniques include cramped confinement, wall-standing, water dousing, extended sleep deprivation, and waterboarding, all of which constitute torture or cruel, inhuman, or degrading treatment in contravention of domestic and international law,” the letter states. Those signing the letter to the committee also objected to Comey’s defense of detaining Americans without charge or trial and observed, “Further, Mr. Comey vigorously defended the Bush administration’s decision to hold Jose Padilla, a United States citizen apprehended on U.S. soil, indefinitely without charge or trial for years in a military brig in Charleston, South Carolina.” (“FBI Agents Urge Senate Judiciary Committee to Question Comey on Torture, Indefinite Detention”, Human Rights First) Get the picture? Comey is a vicious political opportunist who doesn’t mind breaking a few legs if it’ll advance his career plans. I wouldn’t trust the man as far as I could throw him. Which isn’t far. American Thinker’s Clarice  Feldman explains why Comey launched his counter-intel investigation in July 2016 but failed to notify Congress until March 2017, a full eight months later. Here’s what she said: “There is only one reasonable explanation for FBI Director James Comey to be launching a counter-intel investigation in July 2016, notifying the White House and Clapper, and keeping it under wraps from congress. Comey was a participant in the intelligence gathering for political purposes — wittingly, or unwittingly.” (“Russian Hacking and Collusion: Put the Cards on the Table”, American Thinker) Are we suggesting that the heads of the so called Intelligence Community are at war with the Trump Administration and paving the way for impeachment  proceedings? Yep, we sure are. The Russia hacking fiasco is a regime change operation no different than the CIA’s 50-or-so other oustings in the last 70 years. The only difference is that this operation is on the home field which is why everyone is so flustered. These things are only suppose to happen in those “other” countries. Does this analysis make me a Donald Trump supporter? Never.  The idea is ridiculous. Trump might be the worst US president of all time, in fact, he probably is. But that doesn’t mean there aren’t other nefarious forces at work behind the smokescreen of democratic government. There are. In fact, this whole flap suggests that there’s an alternate power-structure that operates completely off the public’s radar and has the elected-government in its death-grip. This largely invisible group of elites controls the likes of  Brennan, Clapper and Comey. And, apparently,  they have enough influence to challenge and maybe even remove an elected president from office. (We’ll see.) And what’s more surprising, is that the Democrats have aligned themselves with these deep state puppetmasters.  They’ve cast their lot with the sinister stewards of the national security state and hopped on the impeachment bandwagon. But is that a wise choice for the Dems? Author Michael J. Glennon doesn’t think so. Here’s what he says in the May edition of Harper’s Magazine: “Those who would counter the illiberalism of Trump with the illiberalism of unfettered bureaucrats would do well to contemplate the precedent their victory would set. … American history is not silent about the proclivities of unchecked security forces, a short list of which includes the Palmer Raids, the FBI’s blackmailing of civil rights leaders, Army surveillance of the antiwar movement, the NSA’s watch lists, and the CIA’s waterboarding. …. Who would trust the authors of past episodes of repression as a reliable safeguard against future repression?” (“Security Breach– Trump’s tussle with the bureaucratic state”, Michael J. Glennon, Harper’s Magazine) “Who?” The Democrats, that’s who. Join the debate on Facebook MIKE WHITNEY lives in Washington state. He is a contributor to Hopeless: Barack Obama and the Politics of Illusion (AK Press). Hopeless is also available in a Kindle edition. He can be reached at fergiewhitney@msn.com. More articles by:Mike Whitney next - Legitimation Crises, previous - Early-Stage Antarctica Death Rattle Sparks NY Times Journalists Trip, CounterPunch Magazine Subscribe! 36 Pages, 6 Times a Year Weekend Edition May 19, 2017 Friday - Sunday Jeffrey St. Clair The Secret Sharer Charles Pierson Trump’s First Hundred Days of War Crimes Paul Street How Russia Became “Our Adversary” Again Andrew Levine Legitimation Crises Mike Whitney Seth Rich, Craig Murray and the Sinister Stewards of the National Security State  Robert Hunziker Early-Stage Antarctica Death Rattle Sparks NY Times Journalists Trip Ken Levy Why – How – Do They Still Love Trump? Bruce E. Levine “Hegemony How-To”: Rethinking Activism and Embracing Power Robert Fisk The Real Aim of Trump’s Trip to Saudi Arabia Christiane Saliba Slavery Now: Migrant Labor in the Persian Gulf and Saudi Arabia Chris Gilbert The Chávez Hypothesis: Vicissitudes of a Strategic Project Howard Lisnoff Pay No Attention to That Man Behind the Curtain Brian Cloughley Propaganda Feeds Fear and Loathing Stephen Cooper Is Alabama Hiding Evidence It Tortured Two of Its Citizens? Sheldon Richman The Real Danger From Trump is Ignored Jay Moore Learning from History: Resistance in the 1850s and Today Matthew Stevenson Down and Out in London and Paris With Macron, May, Trump and Gatsby David Jaffee Rolling Back Democracy Fred Gardner Irrefutable Proof: Russian Election Meddling Documented! Jess Guh Neurology Study Reveals What We Already Know: People of Color Get Worse Healthcare Joseph Natoli A Culture of Narcissism, a Politics of Personality David Rosen Politics and the Agent of Social Change Ian Almond The Secret Joke of Our Democracy: Britain’s Elephant in the Boardroom Andre Vltchek Revolution Vs Passivity Erik Rydberg Stop the Jordan Cove LNG Project #NoLNG Vijay Prashad When Israeli Fighter Jets Almost Killed Nehru Christopher Brauchli The Certified Trump Chuck Collins Congress Wants to Cut Your Health Care — And Billionaires’ Taxes Martin Billheimer William Wilson, Inc. Ron Jacobs Killing the Monseñor Thomas Knapp Donald Trump and the Politics of Whine Thomas Mountain Hail Emmanuel Caesar! The Bankster Macron and Pax Francais in Africa Graham Peebles The Tragedy of Forced Displacement Seth Sandronsky War No More Yves Engler Canada’s Mess in the Caribbean Alice Donovan US-led Coalition Airstrike on Assad’s Forces Was Not Accidental Walter Bragman That Time Chelsea Clinton Called Peaceniks “Anti-American” Michael J. Sainato Crushing Puerto Rico: Drastic Budget Cuts Will Only Deepen Debt Crisis Robert Koehler Hostage to the Rules of Espionage Kim Nicolini I Feel Like I’m Fucking America: Andrea Arnold’s American Honey James McEnteer Thinking Over Baby Think It Over Louis Proyect Documenting Discontent: Talking With Jamsheed Akrami About Iranian Cinema Rob Seimetz On Chris Cornell: “Show Me How to Live” With “Dead Wishes” Charles R. Larson Review: Allan Lichtman’s “The Case for Impeachment” David Yearsley Musical Patriotism CounterPunch Tells the Facts and Names the Names Published since 1996 Copyright © CounterPunch All rights reserved. counterpunch@counterpunch.org Mailing Address CounterPunch PO Box 228 Petrolia, CA 95558 Telephone 1(707) 629-3683 or 1(800) 840-3683 Editorial Jeffrey St. Clair, Editor Joshua Frank, Managing Editor Nathaniel St. Clair, Social Media Alexander Cockburn, 1941-2012 Business Becky Grant Business Manager counterpunchbiz@gmail.com Deva Wheeler Subscription and merchandise fulfillment counterpunchdeva@gmail.com Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. MENU Home Donate Donate via Paypal Search Recent Articles Top Stories Podcasts Subscribe Magazine – Current Issue Books Store Archives FAQs
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 May 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Global Wireless Connectivity Market Risk Analysis, Competitor Analysis, Choice Modelling, Trends and Forecast by 2022 According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Wireless Connectivity market is expected to grow from $17.15 billion in 2015 to reach $31.78 billion by 2022 with a CAGR of 9.2%. Growing demand for Internet of Things (IoT) & cloud computing and growing market for Low-Power Wide-Area Networks (LPWA) Network are the major factors fueling the market growth. Furthermore, increasing usage of smart phones & other wireless connectivity devices are driving to adopt wireless connectivity technologies. On the other hand, paucity of standardized communication standards and security concerns are the constraints limiting the market growth. Browse the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/wireless-connectivity-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 By application, wearable devices segment commanding the Wireless Connectivity market with the biggest market share and is expected to grow with a high CAGR during the forecast period. The growth is driven by rapid development of IoT, growing utilization of activity trackers and smart watches. North America is projected to be the leading market in terms of market size, during the forecast period. Asia Pacific is expected to witness high growth rate during the forecast period. The growth is accounted for booming semiconductors and electronics industry and several government initiatives by countries, such as India, Japan, and China. Some of the key players in global wireless connectivity market include Intel Corporation, Qualcomm Incorporated, NXP Semiconductors N.V., Stmicroelectronics N.V., Texas Instruments Inc., Atmel Corporation, Mediatek Inc., Cypress Semiconductor Corporation, Enocean GmbH, and Nexcom International Co., Ltd. Connectivity Technologies Covered: • Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS) • Near Field Communication (NFC) • Wi-Fi • Wi-Fi/Bluetooth Smart • ZigBee • Wireless Highway Addressable Remote Transducer Protocol (WHART) • Cellular Technologies • Fourth-Generation (4G)/Long-Term Evolution (LTE) • Third-Generation (3G) • Other Technologies Request a sample of the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/184111 Applications Covered: • Healthcare • Industrial • Agriculture • Telecommunication o Repeater o Modem o Router • Building Automation o Daylight Sensors o IP Cameras o Lighting Control Actuators o Occupancy Sensors o Smart Locks o Smart Meters o Smart Thermostats o Smoke Detectors • Automotive & Transportation o Acoustic o Camera (Image Sensors) o Inductive Loop o Ir Detector o Lidar o Magnetic o Radar o Ultrasonic Sensors • Consumer Electronics o Dishwasher o Home Theatre Projectors o Hybrid/DTT STBS o IPTV STBS o Laptops & Tablets o Oven o Refrigerator o Set Top Boxes o Smart TV o Smartphone o Washing Machine o Next Generation Gaming Console o 7th Generation o 8th Generation • Wearable Devices o Wrist-Wear o Eyewear o Footwear o Neck Wear o Body-Wear Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019 Email: sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsGlobal Wireless Connectivity Market, Technology, wireless telecommunication services Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Anmodning om suspension i Investeringsforeningen Danske Invest og Investeringsforeningen Danske Invest Select Next PostNext Barite Market Set for Rapid Growth and is Estimated to Grow at a CAGR over 12.7% by 2022 Search Recent Posts Global Modified Starches Industry Survey and 2022 Future Outlook Heavy Fuel Oil (HFO) Generators Market Is Expected to Witness a Steady Growth by 2025 Rob Lowe Discusses Business Accounting as Host of New TV Show USA HVAC Motors Market Will Hit at a CAGR of 7.5% from 2016 – 2021 with USD $17,257 Million PERFECTTRAVELBAGPLACE Adds Modern Mens Travel Bags To Collection Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
WHBQ Memphis LIVE http://www.fox13memphis.com/cmg-main-theme/css WHBQ Memphis SIGN IN REGISTER MEMBER CENTER SIGN OUT SIGN IN Sign in using your whbq profile Need a profile? Register now. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} OR Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In * Required fields {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_postalZip *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Reset your password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Live 7249941 Home 7249947 Weather FOX13 Radar Hour by Hour Video Forecast Accuweather FOX13 Weather App 7249989 News Black History Month Politics News Videos Zika Virus Recalls 230989619 Family Focus Speaker Request Partners Resources Calendar Request Initiatives 7250109 Traffic 8435464 Investigates Crime/Most Wanted Submit a tip Missing Children 7250151 Sports Super Bowl Memphis Tigers Memphis Grizzlies Tennessee Titans High School Football 7250313 Video FOX13 Video Forecast 7250361 Watch Live News and Replay Live Breaking News 7250265 About Us FOX13 News Staff Contests What's on FOX13 Get Social Cox Careers Advertise with FOX13 Contact Us Newsletters Sign Up More Senate chairman: Flynn has not responded to subpoena by: CHAD DAY, STEPHEN BRAUN and MARY CLARE JALONICK, Associated Press Updated: May 18, 2017 - 7:08 PM WASHINGTON (AP) - The chairman of the Senate intelligence committee said Thursday that ousted National Security Adviser Michael Flynn hasn't responded to a subpoena from the panel in its probe of Russia's meddling in the 2016 presidential election. Republican Sen. Richard Burr of North Carolina had to retract a statement made hours earlier that Flynn's lawyer had told the committee he would not comply with the subpoena. Legal experts say it's unlikely Flynn would agree to turn over the personal documents because he would be waiving his constitutional protection against self-incrimination by doing so. Flynn, though his lawyer, had earlier asked for immunity from "unfair prosecution" in exchange for agreeing to cooperate with the committee. Flynn's attorney Robert Kelner did not respond to phone messages and emails seeking comment. The Senate committee is one of several on Capitol Hill investigating possible collusion between Russia and President Donald Trump's 2016 campaign. Flynn is also the target of other congressional investigations as well as an ongoing FBI counterintelligence probe and a separate federal investigation in Virginia. Flynn, a retired Army lieutenant general, was fired from his position as Trump's national security adviser in February. At the time, Trump said he fired Flynn because he misled senior administration officials, including the vice president, about his contacts with Russian officials. The Senate committee issued the subpoena for Flynn's records on May 10 after he declined to cooperate with an April 28 request for documents. That request was similar to ones received by other Trump associates, including former campaign chairman Paul Manafort, Trump associate Roger Stone and former Trump foreign policy adviser Carter Page, a person familiar with the Senate investigation said. That person spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss confidential details of the committee's investigation. Page and Stone shared copies of their request letters with The Associated Press. Those letters sought a wide array of electronic and paper records related to any contacts made between people affiliated with the Trump campaign and Russian officials and businesses. Emails, text messages, letters, phone records and information about financial and real estate holdings associated with Russia were among the information requested by the committee. Nina Ginsberg, a veteran Washington defense attorney with extensive experience in national security cases, said that without an ironclad immunity deal from the committee, Flynn would be exposed to questioning from investigators about any personal documents he gave up. Providing those records to the committee would provide authorities with "a lot more information and the legal basis for questioning him about them," she said. Opening himself up to questioning from Senate investigations would be risky for Flynn given his current legal troubles. Flynn has been under scrutiny from the Justice Department since at least Nov. 30, when the department's Foreign Agent Registration Act unit sent him a letter questioning whether he needed to register as a foreign agent for lobbying work he performed for a Turkish businessman. The letter and initial stories on Flynn's lobbying were first reported by The Daily Caller. Flynn signed a $600,000 contract last August with a Turkish businessman, Ekim Alptekin. The contract called for Flynn's company, Flynn Intel Group, to gather information on a Turkish cleric living in the United States with the aim of getting a criminal referral against him. Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdogan has blamed the cleric, Fethullah Gulen, who lives in Pennsylvania, for a failed coup attempt last summer and has pressured the U.S. to extradite him. The U.S. has rebuffed those calls. Flynn Intel was paid only $530,000 for the work, which ended in November after Trump's election victory. The day of the election, Flynn published a pro-Turkish op-ed, which railed against Gulen, in The Hill newspaper. Flynn has denied the op-ed was related to his Turkish work. The op-ed prompted scrutiny by the Justice Department, and now a full-fledged federal investigation. According to a U.S. official, authorities in the Eastern District of Virginia are examining Flynn's paid foreign consulting work last year for the Turkish-owned company while he was advising Trump's presidential campaign. The official was not authorized to discuss the probe and requested anonymity. The existence of the investigation was first confirmed by CNN, which reported that federal prosecutors recently sent grand jury subpoenas to Flynn associates and contractors who worked with his firm. Alptekin told the AP in an email that he is not a target of the investigation and has not been contacted by authorities. Amid Justice interest, Trump formally chose Flynn as his national security adviser. As the AP reported in March , an attorney for Flynn told Trump's presidential transition team- including now-White House counsel Don McGahn - that Flynn might have to register as a foreign agent. After Trump's inauguration, Flynn's representatives told the White House counsel that Flynn, who was already serving as national security adviser, would be registering with the Justice Department. Flynn finally registered in March, acknowledging his work could have benefited the government of Turkey. The White House has confirmed Flynn's attorney contacted the transition and the counsel's office about his possible foreign agent registration. But a White House official has said McGahn and others were not aware of the full details of Flynn's Turkish work. Flynn is separately being investigated by the Defense Department's inspector general. That inquiry is looking into whether Flynn was fully forthcoming about his foreign contacts and earnings from organizations linked to the governments of Russia and Turkey. The top Democrat and Republican on a House oversight committee have said Flynn likely broke federal law by failing to get approval from the U.S. government to accept foreign payments, including $33,000 in 2015 from RT, Russia's state-sponsored television network. RT has been branded a propaganda outlet by U.S. intelligence officials. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Senate chairman: Flynn has not responded to subpoena The Latest: Trump lands in Saudi Arabia Trump opens first presidential trip abroad in Saudi Arabia Gen. Lee the last Confederate statue removed in New Orleans Police probe, grand jury leave teen's family 'dissatisfied' News Local News National/World News Video Traffic FOX13 Weather Weather Download the FOX13 Weather App Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu About Us About FOX13 What's on FOX13 FCC EEO Report FOX13 Public File © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
Senate chairman: Flynn has not responded to subpoena - WAFB 9 News Baton Rouge, Louisiana News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME TRAFFIC MAPS/CAMERAS Hourly Forecast Information Contact Us WBXH-TV Editorials NEWS Local News Investigators Slideshows Regional News National News Crime Stoppers Health Power of 9 Hand It On Entertainment News Heart of Louisiana Video Links Mentioned 9News This Morning Anchors and Reporters WEATHER Interactive Radar Hourly Forecast Information Satellite Images Color the Weather Get a Game Plan SPORTS NFL Draft 2017 LSU Sports Headlines SU Headlines Saints Headlines Pelicans Headlines 2016 Warrick Dunn Award Traffic Investigators The Investigators: Caught Red Handed: Inmate escapes caught on surveillance The Investigators: Misuse of Position? WAFB wins Murrow Award for Investigative Reporting VIDEO Louisiana Weekend Lagniappe Contests Slideshows Take A Road Trip Double Day Stirrin It Up Recipes Recipe Calendars About Programming The WAFB 9News Mobile Apps 9News Internships Contact WAFB Anchors and Reporters Closed Captioning WAFB FCC Public File WBXH FCC Public File WAFB EEO File Advertise on the WAFB Network WAFB Jobs Grow Your Business Senate chairman: Flynn has not responded to subpoena 2017-05-19T08:41:12Z2017-05-19T08:41:12Z (AP Photo/Andrew Harnik, File). FILE - In this Jan. 3, 2017, file photo, Michael Flynn, then - President-elect Donald Trump's nominee for National Security Adviser arrives at Trump Tower in New York. By CHAD DAY, STEPHEN BRAUN and MARY CLARE JALONICK Associated Press WASHINGTON (AP) - The chairman of the Senate intelligence committee said Thursday that ousted National Security Adviser Michael Flynn hasn't responded to a subpoena from the panel in its probe of Russia's meddling in the 2016 presidential election. Republican Sen. Richard Burr of North Carolina had to retract a statement made hours earlier that Flynn's lawyer had told the committee he would not comply with the subpoena. Legal experts say it's unlikely Flynn would agree to turn over the personal documents because he would be waiving his constitutional protection against self-incrimination by doing so. Flynn, though his lawyer, had earlier asked for immunity from "unfair prosecution" in exchange for agreeing to cooperate with the committee. Flynn's attorney Robert Kelner did not respond to phone messages and emails seeking comment. The Senate committee is one of several on Capitol Hill investigating possible collusion between Russia and President Donald Trump's 2016 campaign. Flynn is also the target of other congressional investigations as well as an ongoing FBI counterintelligence probe and a separate federal investigation in Virginia. Flynn, a retired Army lieutenant general, was fired from his position as Trump's national security adviser in February. At the time, Trump said he fired Flynn because he misled senior administration officials, including the vice president, about his contacts with Russian officials. The Senate committee issued the subpoena for Flynn's records on May 10 after he declined to cooperate with an April 28 request for documents. That request was similar to ones received by other Trump associates, including former campaign chairman Paul Manafort, Trump associate Roger Stone and former Trump foreign policy adviser Carter Page, a person familiar with the Senate investigation said. That person spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss confidential details of the committee's investigation. Page and Stone shared copies of their request letters with The Associated Press. Those letters sought a wide array of electronic and paper records related to any contacts made between people affiliated with the Trump campaign and Russian officials and businesses. Emails, text messages, letters, phone records and information about financial and real estate holdings associated with Russia were among the information requested by the committee. Nina Ginsberg, a veteran Washington defense attorney with extensive experience in national security cases, said that without an ironclad immunity deal from the committee, Flynn would be exposed to questioning from investigators about any personal documents he gave up. Providing those records to the committee would provide authorities with "a lot more information and the legal basis for questioning him about them," she said. Opening himself up to questioning from Senate investigations would be risky for Flynn given his current legal troubles. Flynn has been under scrutiny from the Justice Department since at least Nov. 30, when the department's Foreign Agent Registration Act unit sent him a letter questioning whether he needed to register as a foreign agent for lobbying work he performed for a Turkish businessman. The letter and initial stories on Flynn's lobbying were first reported by The Daily Caller. Flynn signed a $600,000 contract last August with a Turkish businessman, Ekim Alptekin. The contract called for Flynn's company, Flynn Intel Group, to gather information on a Turkish cleric living in the United States with the aim of getting a criminal referral against him. Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdogan has blamed the cleric, Fethullah Gulen, who lives in Pennsylvania, for a failed coup attempt last summer and has pressured the U.S. to extradite him. The U.S. has rebuffed those calls. Flynn Intel was paid only $530,000 for the work, which ended in November after Trump's election victory. The day of the election, Flynn published a pro-Turkish op-ed, which railed against Gulen, in The Hill newspaper. Flynn has denied the op-ed was related to his Turkish work. The op-ed prompted scrutiny by the Justice Department, and now a full-fledged federal investigation. According to a U.S. official, authorities in the Eastern District of Virginia are examining Flynn's paid foreign consulting work last year for the Turkish-owned company while he was advising Trump's presidential campaign. The official was not authorized to discuss the probe and requested anonymity. The existence of the investigation was first confirmed by CNN, which reported that federal prosecutors recently sent grand jury subpoenas to Flynn associates and contractors who worked with his firm. Alptekin told the AP in an email that he is not a target of the investigation and has not been contacted by authorities. Amid Justice interest, Trump formally chose Flynn as his national security adviser. As the AP reported in March , an attorney for Flynn told Trump's presidential transition team- including now-White House counsel Don McGahn - that Flynn might have to register as a foreign agent. After Trump's inauguration, Flynn's representatives told the White House counsel that Flynn, who was already serving as national security adviser, would be registering with the Justice Department. Flynn finally registered in March, acknowledging his work could have benefited the government of Turkey. The White House has confirmed Flynn's attorney contacted the transition and the counsel's office about his possible foreign agent registration. But a White House official has said McGahn and others were not aware of the full details of Flynn's Turkish work. Flynn is separately being investigated by the Defense Department's inspector general. That inquiry is looking into whether Flynn was fully forthcoming about his foreign contacts and earnings from organizations linked to the governments of Russia and Turkey. The top Democrat and Republican on a House oversight committee have said Flynn likely broke federal law by failing to get approval from the U.S. government to accept foreign payments, including $33,000 in 2015 from RT, Russia's state-sponsored television network. RT has been branded a propaganda outlet by U.S. intelligence officials. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. NationalMore>> Chaffetz resigns at career pinnacle after years in spotlight Chaffetz resigns at career pinnacle after years in spotlight Posted: Saturday, May 20 2017 2:53 AM EDT2017-05-20 06:53:56 GMT Updated: Saturday, May 20 2017 2:58 AM EDT2017-05-20 06:58:50 GMT Rep. Jason Chaffetz was a determined investigator of the Obama administration and of Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server from his seat as chairman of a House oversight committee.More >> Rep. Jason Chaffetz was a determined investigator of the Obama administration and of Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server from his seat as chairman of a House oversight committee.More >> In New Orleans, Confederate monuments are gone _ Lee last In New Orleans, Confederate monuments are gone _ Lee last Posted: Saturday, May 20 2017 2:52 AM EDT2017-05-20 06:52:49 GMT Updated: Saturday, May 20 2017 2:57 AM EDT2017-05-20 06:57:26 GMT The city of New Orleans is taking down a statue of Gen. Robert E. Lee _ and this time the work is being done during the day.More >> The city of New Orleans is taking down a statue of Gen. Robert E. Lee _ and this time the work is being done during the day.More >> Weiner pleads guilty in sexting case, could go to prison Weiner pleads guilty in sexting case, could go to prison Posted: Saturday, May 20 2017 2:52 AM EDT2017-05-20 06:52:30 GMT Updated: Saturday, May 20 2017 2:57 AM EDT2017-05-20 06:57:00 GMT Former U.S. Rep. Anthony Weiner will appear in federal court to face criminal charges in an investigation of his online communications with a teenage girl in North Carolina. More >> Former U.S. Rep. Anthony Weiner will appear in federal court to face criminal charges in an investigation of his online communications with a teenage girl in North Carolina.More >> Trump to Muslims on first foreign trip: Drive out terrorists Trump to Muslims on first foreign trip: Drive out terrorists Posted: Saturday, May 20 2017 2:52 AM EDT2017-05-20 06:52:23 GMT Updated: Saturday, May 20 2017 2:56 AM EDT2017-05-20 06:56:48 GMT President Donald Trump has departed for his maiden overseas trip as president amid the flurry of controversy surrounding an investigation into ties members of his campaign had with Russia.More >> President Donald Trump has departed for his maiden overseas trip as president amid the flurry of controversy surrounding an investigation into ties members of his campaign had with Russia.More >> Prosecutors: Times Square driver wanted to 'kill them all' Prosecutors: Times Square driver wanted to 'kill them all' Posted: Saturday, May 20 2017 2:52 AM EDT2017-05-20 06:52:05 GMT Updated: Saturday, May 20 2017 2:55 AM EDT2017-05-20 06:55:50 GMT Law enforcement officials say a man accused of steering his car onto one of the busiest sidewalks in the U.S. and mowing down pedestrians for three blocks told police he was 'hearing voices'. More >> Law enforcement officials say a man accused of steering his car onto one of the busiest sidewalks in the U.S. and mowing down pedestrians for three blocks told police he was 'hearing voices'.More >>    AP National News VideoMore>> Thailand's chunky monkey on diet after gorging on junk food A morbidly obese wild monkey who gorged himself on junk food and soda left behind by tourists has been rescued and placed on a strict diet of lean protein, fruits and vegetables A morbidly obese wild monkey who gorged himself on junk food and soda left behind by tourists has been rescued and placed on a strict diet of lean protein, fruits and vegetablesMore >> A morbidly obese wild monkey who gorged himself on junk food and soda left behind by tourists has been rescued and placed on a strict diet of lean protein, fruits and vegetablesMore >> The Latest: Anthony Weiner cries while apologizing in court Former U.S. Rep. Anthony Weiner is crying in court as he apologizes to the 15-year-old girl with whom he exchanged sexually explicit texts Former U.S. Rep. Anthony Weiner is crying in court as he apologizes to the 15-year-old girl with whom he exchanged sexually explicit textsMore >> Former U.S. Rep. Anthony Weiner is crying in court as he apologizes to the 15-year-old girl with whom he exchanged sexually explicit textsMore >> Car plows into Times Square crowd; 1 dead, about 20 hurt Car plows into Times Square crowd; 1 dead, about 20 hurt A law enforcement official says a car that plowed into a crowd of pedestrians in Times Square killed one person and injured about 20 othersMore >> A law enforcement official says a car that plowed into a crowd of pedestrians in Times Square killed one person and injured about 20 othersMore >> Roger Ailes, media guru and political strategist, dies at 77 Roger Ailes, media guru and political strategist, dies at 77 Fox News Channel founder Roger Ailes has died at 77, his wife said.More >> Fox News Channel founder Roger Ailes has died at 77, his wife said.More >> Russian president Vladimir Putin speaks out concerning classified info leak Russian president Vladimir Putin speaks out concerning classified info leak Russian president Vladimir Putin weighs in on the current state of U.S. politics surrounding the allegations of President Trump leaking classified information to Russian officials.More >> Russian president Vladimir Putin weighs in on the current state of U.S. politics surrounding the allegations of President Trump leaking classified information to Russian officials.More >> Special counsel Mueller named to probe Trump-Russia ties Special counsel Mueller named to probe Trump-Russia ties The Justice Department appointed former FBI Director Robert Mueller Wednesday evening as a special counsel to oversee the federal investigation into allegations Russia and Donald Trump's campaign collaborated to influence the 2016 presidential electionMore >> The Justice Department appointed former FBI Director Robert Mueller Wednesday evening as a special counsel to oversee the federal investigation into allegations Russia and Donald Trump's campaign collaborated to influence the 2016 presidential electionMore >> Special prosecutor abruptly named to probe Trump-Russia ties Special prosecutor abruptly named to probe Trump-Russia ties The Justice Department appointed former FBI Director Robert Mueller Wednesday evening as a special counsel to oversee the federal investigation into allegations Russia and Donald Trump's campaign collaborated to influence the 2016 presidential electionMore >> The Justice Department appointed former FBI Director Robert Mueller Wednesday evening as a special counsel to oversee the federal investigation into allegations Russia and Donald Trump's campaign collaborated to influence the 2016 presidential electionMore >> Worst treatment ever, Trump grumbles; Dems demand deep probe Worst treatment ever, Trump grumbles; Dems demand deep probe President Trump complained Wednesday that "no politician in history" has been treated worse. Democrats demanded an independent commission to dig into his firing of FBI Director James Comey. House Speaker Paul Ryan cautioned against "rushing to judgment."More >> President Trump complained Wednesday that "no politician in history" has been treated worse. Democrats demanded an independent commission to dig into his firing of FBI Director James Comey. House Speaker Paul Ryan cautioned against "rushing to judgment."More >> No rush to Trump judgment, Ryan says; Dems demand deep probe No rush to Trump judgment, Ryan says; Dems demand deep probe Pressing for answers to mushrooming questions, congressional Democrats demand an immediate investigation into President Donald Trump's dealings with now-fired FBI Director James Comey. House Speaker Paul Ryan cautions against "rushing to judgment."More >> Pressing for answers to mushrooming questions, congressional Democrats demand an immediate investigation into President Donald Trump's dealings with now-fired FBI Director James Comey. House Speaker Paul Ryan cautions against "rushing to judgment."More >> The Latest: WH says Trump didn't know where info came from The Latest: WH says Trump didn't know where info came from President Donald Trump's national security adviser says Trump didn't know where information that he shared with Russian officials came from.More >> President Donald Trump's national security adviser says Trump didn't know where information that he shared with Russian officials came from.More >>    Can't Find Something? 844 Government Street Baton Rouge, LA 70802 (225) 383-9999 WAFB FCC Public File WBXH FCC Public File publicfile@wafb.com (225) 215-4703 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 May 2017 by Jignesh Thakkar Microprocessor Market Outlook 2022 Top Companies – DSM, Bioseutica, Ditta Calza Clemente, Bouwhuis Enthoven, Proquiga The Microprocessor market research offers a feasibility analysis for investment and returns supported with data on development trend analysis across important regions of the world. Microprocessor Market : A microprocessor is a computer processor that incorporates the functions of a computer’s central processing unit (CPU) on a single integrated circuit or at most a few integrated circuits. The microprocessor is a multipurpose, programmable device that accepts digital data as input, processes it according to instructions stored in its memory, and provides results as output. It is an example of sequential digital logic, as it has internal memory. Microprocessors operate on numbers and symbols represented in the binary numeral system. Request a sample copy of Microprocessor Market Research Report @ https://marketsizeforecasters.com/get-sample/60630/?utm_source=SPR-SK Scope of the Report: This report focuses on the Microprocessor in Global market, especially in North America, Europe and Asia-Pacific, South America, Middle East and Africa. This report categorizes the market based on manufacturers, regions, type and application. Market Segment by Manufacturers, this report covers Intel, Qualcomm, Apple, AMD, Freescale, MediaTek, Nvidia, Samsung LSI, Spreadtrum, TI, Market Segment by Regions, regional analysis covers North America (USA, Canada and Mexico), Europe (Germany, France, UK, Russia and Italy), Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, Korea, India and Southeast Asia), South America (Brazil, Argentina, Columbia etc.), Middle East and Africa (Saudi Arabia, UAE, Egypt, Nigeria and South Africa) Market Segment by Type, covers ARM-based MPUs, x86-based MPUs Market Segment by Applications, can be divided into PCs, Servers, Mainframes, Tablet, Cellphone, Embedded MPUs (Network Processors, Industrials/Medical, Automotive, Consumer Electronics) Others Enquire about this report @ https://marketsizeforecasters.com/enquire-for-discount/60630 There are 15 Chapters to deeply display the global Microprocessor market. Chapter 1, to describe Microprocessor Introduction, product scope, market overview, market opportunities, market risk, market driving force; Chapter 2, to analyze the top manufacturers of Microprocessor, with sales, revenue, and price of Microprocessor, in 2016 and 2017; Chapter 3, to display the competitive situation among the top manufacturers, with sales, revenue and market share in 2016 and 2017; Chapter 4, to show the global market by regions, with sales, revenue and market share of Microprocessor, for each region, from 2012 to 2017; Chapter 5, 6, 7, 8 and 9, to analyze the key regions, with sales, revenue and market share by key countries in these regions; Chapter 10 and 11, to show the market by type and application, with sales market share and growth rate by type, application, from 2012 to 2017; Chapter 12, Microprocessor market forecast, by regions, type and application, with sales and revenue, from 2017 to 2022; Chapter 13, 14 and 15, to describe Microprocessor sales channel, distributors, traders, dealers, Research Findings and Conclusion, appendix and data source For more information About Report Please Visit @ https://marketsizeforecasters.com/global-microprocessor-market-globalinforesearch Related Reports: – 2017 Market Research Report on Global Automatic Transfer Switches Industry The global transfer switch market is estimated to reach $ 1444.78 Million by 2022 at a projected CAGR of 6.6% during the forecast period. The growth is attributed to the increasing demand in the indus… https://marketsizeforecasters.com/2017-market/?utm_source=RR-SK About Us: Centralize market research purchases across your entire organization in one place. MarketSizeForecasters.com allows you to manage and control all corporate research purchases to consolidate billing and vendor management. You can eliminate duplicate purchases and customize your content and license management. Contact Us: Market size forecasters The Green Suite #4594, Dover, DE 19901 United States Phone: 1-201-355-0868 US Toll Free: 1-866-764-2150 Email: sales@marketsizeforecasters.com Website: http://marketsizeforecasters.com/ News: https://marketsizeforecasters.com/news Connect with us: LinkedIn | Twitter CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsComputer Peripherals, Electronic Components, Electronic Equipment & Instruments, Electronic Equipment Manufacturers, Microprocessor, Microprocessor Industry, Microprocessor Market, Microprocessor Market share, Microprocessor Market Size, Microprocessor Sales, Microprocessor sales market, Semiconductor, Semiconductor and Electronics, Technology Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Patient Warming Devices Market Report 2017, Trends, Analysis, Share, Estimates and Forecasts to 2022. Next PostNext ProTrailer Cinematic Volume 2 was released by Pixel Film Studios for FCPX Search Recent Posts Spartan Motors to Showcase Top Emergency Response Vehicles and New Product Services at Fire Expo Automotive Air Intake Manifold Market – Drivers and Forecasts by Technavio IMPORTANT INVESTOR ALERT: Lundin Law PC Announces an Investigation of Sunesis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Advises Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm IMPORTANT SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Khang & Khang LLP Announces an Investigation of Home Capital Group Inc. and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm L Brands’ Aggressive Market Testing Suggests That It Might Be Gearing Up For Major Changes Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > 360 Market Updates Tweet   Global Micro Server Market 2017; Region Wise Analysis of Top Players in Market by its Types and Application Micro Server Market Report Forecast 2017-2021 is a respected source of insightful data for business planners. Global Micro Server Market provides the industry overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost, revenue, demand and supply data. (EMAILWIRE.COM, May 19, 2017 ) In this report, the global Micro Server market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Micro Server Market Report Forecast 2017-2021 is a respected source of insightful data for business planners. Global Micro Server Market provides the industry overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost, revenue, demand and supply data. The research analysts provide an elaborate description of the value chain and its distributor analysis. This Micro Server Market industry report study provides analysis based on Geographical Regions, Manufacturers, Applications, Types, Drivers, Opportunities, and Challenges which enhances the understanding, scope and application of this report. Browse Detailed TOC, Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies Mentioned in Global Micro Server Market @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/10565067 Next part of the Global Micro Server Market analysis report speaks about the manufacturing process. The report sheds light on the production, production plants, their capacities, global production and revenue are studied. Top key players of Micro Server Market:  Intel  IBM  Dell  HP  AMD  Oracle  Fujitsu  ARM  Quanta Computer  Marvell Technology And Many Others. Get Sample PDF of report@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10565067 Further in the report, Global Micro Server Market is examined for price, cost and gross revenue. These three points are analysed for types, companies and regions. The Micro Server Market Industry consumption for major regions is given. Micro Server Market by Product Type:  Intel (CentertonSoC，Avoton SoC, 32-bit,64-bit)  ARM (Cortex A9, Cortex A15, 32-bit, 64-bit) The Micro Server Market analysis is provided for the international market including development history, competitive landscape analysis, and major regions development status. Micro Server Market by Application:  Data Storage  Data Analytics  Cloud Computing Micro Server Market by Region:  North America  Europe  China  Japan  Southeast Asia  India To provide information on competitive landscape, this report includes detailed profiles of Micro Server Market key players. For each player, product details, capacity, price, cost, gross and revenue numbers are given. Ask for Discount@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-discount/10565067 Major Topics Covered in Global Micro Server Market Research Report Are as Follows: Micro Server Market Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders  Marketing Channel  Direct Marketing  Indirect Marketing  Market Positioning  Pricing Strategy  Brand Strategy  Target Client  Distributors/Traders List Micro Server Market Effect Factors Analysis  Technology Progress/Risk  Substitutes Threat  Technology Progress in Related Industry  Consumer Needs/Customer Preference Change Global Micro Server Market Forecast 2017-2021  Global Micro Server Market Capacity, Production, Revenue Forecast 2017-2021  Global Micro Server Market Production, Consumption Forecast by Regions 2017-2021  Global Micro Server Market Production Forecast by Type 2017-2021  Global Micro Server Market Consumption Forecast by Application 2017-2021  Micro Server Market Price Forecast 2017-2021 The report then estimates 2017-2021 market development trends of Micro Server Market. Analysis of upstream raw materials, downstream demand, and current market dynamics is also carried out. In the end, the report makes some important proposals for a new project of Micro Server Market industry before evaluating its feasibility. No. of pages: 114 Price of Report: $2900 (Single User Licence) Contact Information: 360 Market Updates Ameya Pingaley Tel: +1 408 520 9750 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 May 2017 by James Lamb Smart TV Market Report 2017, Trends, Analysis, Share, Estimates and Forecasts to 2022. According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Smart TV market is estimated at $XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach $XX million by 2022 growing at a CAGR of XX% from 2016 to 2022. Increase in internet users across the regions is the one of the key factor driving the market growth. Advancements in computer technology is hampering the market growth. North America accounted for the highest market share as compared to other regions. The Asia Pacific region is expected to grow at a higher CAGR and is anticipated to account for the highest market share during forecast period. Some of the key players in the market include Yahoo, Videocon, Toshiba, Sony, Sharp, Samsung, Philips, Panasonic, Onida (Mirc Electronics Ltd), Microsoft, LG Electronics, Intel, Haier, Google, Cable Labs, Apple and Amd. For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/smart-tv-market Capabilities Covered: • Internet Surfing • Live Videos • Program Recording • TV Broadcasting • Video On Demand • Social Networking • Online Movies and Music • Other Capabilities Applications Covered: • Educational • Entertainment • Internet Access Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/smart-tv-market https://twitter.com/StratisticsMRC Follow us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/stratistics-market-research-consulting-pvt-ltd?trk=mini-profile Contact Details: Contact Person: James Lamb Email: info@strategymrc.com Phone: +1-301-202-5929 / +1-301-202-7681 Website: www.strategymrc.com About Stratistics MRC We offer wide spectrum of research and consulting services with in-depth knowledge of different industries. We are known for customized research services, consulting services and Full Time Equivalent (FTE) services in the research world. We explore the market trends and draw our insights with valid assessments and analytical views. We use advanced techniques and tools among the quantitative and qualitative methodologies to identify the market trends. Our research reports and publications are routed to help our clients to design their business models and enhance their business growth in the competitive market scenario. We have a strong team with hand-picked consultants including project managers, implementers, industry experts, researchers, research evaluators and analysts with years of experience in delivering the complex projects. For more information, please visit Stratistics Market Research Consulting Pvt Ltd CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsBusiness, Industry, Markets, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Fiber Lubricant Sales Market: Segmented by Application and Geography Trends, Growth and Forecasts to 2022 Next PostNext New Report of Industrial Smart Meters Market Share, Growth by Top Company, Region, Application, Driver, Trends & Forecasts by 2022 Search Recent Posts Global Low Harmonic Drives Market to Grow at a CAGR of 4.76% to 2021 Pantoprazole Sodium (CAS 138786-67-1) Professional Survey Report in Forecast to 2022 Health Tech Startup SAFKAN Wins $145,000 Grand Prize at Seattle Angel Conference XI Thom Ross “My Last Conversation with Albert Ball” New Paintings Protein For Fitness Offers Exercise Enthusiasts a One-Stop Reference for Reviews, News, and More Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 May 2017 by Nikhil 2017 to 2022 Global Cyber Security Market Research Analysis Report MarketResearchNest.com adds “Global Cyber Security Market Size, Status And Forecast 2022”new report to its research database. The report spread across 118 pages with table and figures in it. This report studies the global Cyber Security market, analyzes and researches the Cyber Security development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market, like Symantec Intel IBM Cisco Trend Micro Dell Check Point Juniper Kaspersky HP Microsoft Huawei Palo Alto Networks FireEye AlienVault AVG Technologies Fortinet ESET Venustech H3C NSFOCUS   Browse full table of contents and data tables at https://www.marketresearchnest.com/global-cyber-security-market-size-status-and-forecast-2022.html Market segment by Regions/Countries, this report covers United States EU Japan China India Southeast Asia   Market segment by Type, Cyber Security can be split into Cybersecurity Software Cybersecurity Hardware Cybersecurity Service Provider   Market segment by Application, Cyber Security can be split into Financial industry Aerospace, Defense and Intelligence Telecommunication Government Healthcare Enterprise Other   Order a Purchase Report Copy at https://www.marketresearchnest.com/purchase.php?reportid=204671   Major Points in Table of content Figure Cyber Security Product Scope Figure Global Cyber Security Market Size (Million USD) (2012-2017) Table Global Cyber Security Market Size (Million USD) and Growth Rate by Regions (2012-2017) Figure Global Cyber Security Market Share by Regions in 2016 Figure United States Cyber Security Market Size (Million USD) and Growth Rate by Regions (2012-2017) Figure EU Cyber Security Market Size (Million USD) and Growth Rate by Regions (2012-2017) Figure Japan Cyber Security Market Size (Million USD) and Growth Rate by Regions (2012-2017) Figure China Cyber Security Market Size (Million USD) and Growth Rate by Regions (2012-2017) Figure India Cyber Security Market Size (Million USD) and Growth Rate by Regions (2012-2017) Figure Southeast Asia Cyber Security Market Size (Million USD) and Growth Rate by Regions (2012-2017) Figure Global Cyber Security Market Share by Type in 2016 Figure Cybersecurity Software Market Size (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2017) Figure Cybersecurity Hardware Market Size (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2017) Figure Cybersecurity Service Provider Market Size (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2017) Figure Global Cyber Security Market Share by Application in 2016 Figure Cyber Security Market Size (Million USD) and Growth Rate in Financial industry (2012-2017) Figure Cyber Security Market Size (Million USD) and Growth Rate in Aerospace, Defense and Intelligence (2012-2017) Figure Cyber Security Market Size (Million USD) and Growth Rate in Telecommunication (2012-2017) Figure Cyber Security Market Size (Million USD) and Growth Rate in Government (2012-2017) Figure Cyber Security Market Size (Million USD) and Growth Rate in Healthcare (2012-2017) Figure Cyber Security Market Size (Million USD) and Growth Rate in Enterprise (2012-2017) Figure Cyber Security Market Size (Million USD) and Growth Rate in Other (2012-2017) Table Cyber Security Market Size (Million USD) by Players (2016 and 2017) Figure Cyber Security Market Size Share by Players in 2016 Figure Cyber Security Market Size Share by Players in 2017 Table Symantec Basic Information List Table Cyber Security Business Revenue (Million USD) of Symantec (2012-2017) Figure Symantec Cyber Security Business Revenue Market Share in 2016 Table Intel Basic Information List Table Cyber Security Business Revenue (Million USD) of Intel (2012-2017) Figure Intel Cyber Security Business Revenue Market Share in 2016 Table IBM Basic Information List Table Cyber Security Business Revenue (Million USD) of IBM (2012-2017) Figure IBM Cyber Security Business Revenue Market Share in 2016 Table Cisco Basic Information List Table Cyber Security Business Revenue (Million USD) of Cisco (2012-2017) Figure Cisco Cyber Security Business Revenue Market Share in 2016 Table Trend Micro Basic Information List Table Cyber Security Business Revenue (Million USD) of Trend Micro (2012-2017) Figure Trend Micro Cyber Security Business Revenue Market Share in 2016 Table Dell Basic Information List Table Cyber Security Business Revenue (Million USD) of Dell (2012-2017) Figure Dell Cyber Security Business Revenue Market Share in 2016 Table Check Point Basic Information List Table Cyber Security Business Revenue (Million USD) of Check Point (2012-2017) Figure Check Point Cyber Security Business Revenue Market Share in 2016 Table Juniper Basic Information List Table Cyber Security Business Revenue (Million USD) of Juniper (2012-2017) Figure Juniper Cyber Security Business Revenue Market Share in 2016 Table Kaspersky Basic Information List Table Cyber Security Business Revenue (Million USD) of Kaspersky (2012-2017) Figure Kaspersky Cyber Security Business Revenue Market Share in 2016 Table HP Basic Information List Table Cyber Security Business Revenue (Million USD) of HP (2012-2017) Figure HP Cyber Security Business Revenue Market Share in 2016 Table Microsoft Basic Information List Table Cyber Security Business Revenue (Million USD) of Microsoft (2012-2017) Figure Microsoft Cyber Security Business Revenue Market Share in 2016 Table Huawei Basic Information List Table Cyber Security Business Revenue (Million USD) of Huawei (2012-2017) Figure Huawei Cyber Security Business Revenue Market Share in 2016 Table Palo Alto Networks Basic Information List Table Cyber Security Business Revenue (Million USD) of Palo Alto Networks (2012-2017)   Request a sample copy at https://www.marketresearchnest.com/requestsample.php?reportid=204671   About Us:                                                                                                                MarketResearchNest.com is the most comprehensive collection of market research products and service on the Web. We offer reports from almost all top publishers and update our collection on daily basis to provide you with instant online access to the world’s most complete and recent database of expert insights on global industries, organizations, products, and trends.   Contact Us          Mr. Jeet Jain Sales Manager sales@marketresearchnest.com +1-240-284-8070(U.S) +44-20-3290-4151(U.K) Connect with us:  Google+ | LinkedIn | Twitter | Facebook CategoriesGoogle News Tagscyber security, Cyber Security Analysis, Cyber Security Growth, Cyber Security Industry, Cyber Security Industry Trends, Cyber Security Market, Cyber Security Share, Cyber Security Size, Cyber Security Trends, Information Technology, Technology Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Western Blotting Market Expected to Reach US$ 725.0 Million by 2021 Next PostNext Nexstim Oyj päivittää aivohalvauspotilaiden kuntoutusta käsittelevän vaiheen III E-FIT-lisätutkimuksen aikataulun Search Recent Posts Brian Kwok in Law360: Post-Grant Reviews To Grow In Number, But As A Niche Tool Increase in the Preference for Ultrasonic Marine Wind Sensor Market 2017-2021 Administration to Propose Deep Cuts to HUD Programs Fluctuating demand for Commercial Vehicle Poly-V Belt Market to grow at a CAGR of 6.18% during the period 2017-2021 NPF Draftees in NCAA Tournament Regionals Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Hardware Unboxed Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Gaming Hardware Lenovo's Legion Y920 is a high-end gaming laptop (with a price to match) By Shawn Knight on May 18, 2017, 4:30 PM TechSpot Lenovo earlier today expanded its gaming laptop family with the introduction of the Legion Y920, an enthusiast-grade machine packing some seriously powerful hardware (albeit at a premium price point). The Legion Y920 is a VR-ready system equipped with a 17.3-inch FHD (1,920 x 1,080 resolution) display utilizing Nvidia’s G-Sync technology. It’s powered by Intel’s seventh-generation Core i7-7820HK quad-core (eight-thread) processor clocked at 2.9GHz (Turbo up to 3.9GHz) alongside 16GB of RAM and Nvidia GTX 1070 discrete graphics. A 512GB solid-state drive is used as the primary drive although there’s also a 1TB traditional hard drive for less performance intensive / storage purposes. Lenovo’s latest also includes a mechanical keyboard with RGB lighting, dual 2W JBL speakers with 3W subwoofer, 720p webcam, Killer Wireless-AC 1535 and Killer LAN, a 6-cell, 90Wh battery and more. Connectivity-wise, you get four USB 3.0 ports, Thunderbolt 3, HDMI, a DisplayPort, Bluetooth 4.0 and a 6-in-1 card reader. Be prepared to do some heavy lifting, however, as the Y920 isn’t exactly lightweight at 10.14 pounds. Then again, that’s par for the course as high-end gaming laptops aren’t synonymous with being lightweight. It measures 16.7 inches by 12.4 inches by 1.41 inches and is primarily constructed of ABS plastic. The Lenovo Legion Y920 starts at $2,699.99 and will be available online from June. Related Reads Lenovo launches a Legion of mid-range gaming laptops Blizzard announces new World of Warcraft expansion called 'Legion' Lenovo has a sub-$400 VR headset in the works 8 comments 93 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… What graphics card would you pair with the Ryzen 5 1400? Bungie releases 'Destiny 2' first gameplay trailer Western Digital will add 10-terabyte drives to its Red line up Popular 60 comments Most iPhone owners intend to buy an iPhone 8, despite the high price Gigabyte Aero 15 Review: No Bezels, No Worries Load Comments 8 ... User Comments: 8 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 9 Here, take my spare game keys! (and consider sharing your own...) 36 Latest Steam survey reveals sales of VR headsets are grinding to a halt 15 PC runs games smoothly, then frame rate drops drastically 30 Counter Strike player gets thousands of cheaters banned by releasing fake hacks 124 What is your favorite PC game? Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise
Saturday, May 20, 2017 Latest: No Tears For The FBI – OpEd Reopened Murder Case Of Blessed Oscar Romero NFL Teams Are Right To Blackball Colin Kaepernick – OpEd The Five Stars’ Party: Italy’s Unique Populist Movement – Analysis North Korea And A Crisis In The Making – OpEd Eurasia Review A Journal of Analysis and News News Opinion Analysis Business Social Religion Entertainment Environment Technology About Editorial Staff Authors and Partners Contact Submit an Article Buzz Future Privacy Policy And Terms Of Use 1 Analysis  Covering Russia: What CNN And Fox News Media Review Shows Omit – Analysis May 19, 2017 Michael Averko 0 Comment Donald Trump, Foreign Policy, Intelligence, Israel, Judaism, Media, Politics, Russia, United States By Michael Averko US attitudes towards Russia bring to mind the overall poor coverage of that country on the leading American TV news networks. A certain preferred slant regularly gets the upper hand. This month has seen some occurrences of that ongoing trend, which don’t (at least for the most part) get reviewed on the Sunday morning aired Fox News show “Media Buzz“, hosted by Howard Kurtz, and its CNN rival (aired at the same time) “Reliable Sources“. RT picked up on the Fox News utilized “Democratic strategist” Julie Roginsky in a bully pulpit segment, where she stated a series of negatively inexact comments against Russia. In response, some of the posted comments at the online RT piece in question, derisively noted her Jewish former Soviet background. At play are some stereotypes which aren’t accurate. In some circles especially, the anti-Jewish posted comments will conjure up the inaccurate image of Russia as a Jewish unfriendly place – never minding the noticeable number of Jews who’ve returned to Russia from Israel and elsewhere, as well as the Jews inside and outside Russia who’ve a positive image of Europe’s largest country. This observation isn’t intended to gloss over past discriminatory instances and some (stress some) present negatives in Russia (as if other countries are so pristine.) Rather, it’s to put things in a truer perspective. Keep in mind that the ethnicity and nationality of the commenters isn’t known. RT’s English version is primarily geared to an English speaking audience outside Russia. RT’s staff is multi-national, with a strong non-Russian contingent. It’s not out of line for a pro-Russian advocate to respectfully caution RT on which posted comments get approved. Comments deemed as bigoted and associated with RT (in one form or another) don’t help that network’s reputation, which has been unfairly portrayed as is. Roginsky, Masha Gessen and Julia Ioffe don’t represent all Jewish people with roots from the former USSR. Relying mainly on US mass media can subconsciously influence perceptions. US mass media focuses on the negatives in Russia. Hence, there’s a top heavy reliance on anti-Russian leaning sources, regardless of their ethno-religious origin. Over the years, I’ve had numerous discussions with Jewish people from Brighton Beach (and elsewhere in the US) with former Soviet roots, who differ with the preferred US mass media slant. Likewise with those having a non-Jewish former Soviet and/or former Russian Empire background from other parts of the US – mostly ethnic Russians and ethnic Ukrainians, as well as those of mixed backgrounds. On another matter, the May 15 Washington Post (WaPo) article, claiming that Donald Trump faultily gave Intel to Russians at his recent Oval Office meeting with Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov and Ambassador to the US Sergey Kislyak, drew much coverage on Fox News, MSNBC and CNN. In an exchange with CNN’s Wolf Blitzer, longtime Vermont Democratic Senator Pat Leahy, conveyed apprehension about that claim. Shortly thereafter on Fox News, Laura Ingraham, expressed astonishment that Tennessee Republican Senator Bob Corker, appeared more willing to believe The WaPo story than Leahy. Later on in the evening, CNN’s Jim Sciutto suggestively gave a kudos to Corker. Sciutto carrying on as such is no surprise given his track record. Ingraham shouldn’t be so amazed. Corker is very much a foreign policy establishment type, as evidenced by the suggestive approval he received from Sciutto. Leahy has ample reason to second guess the latest WaPo story in question. Recall the not so distantly hyped WaPo story which (as later revealed) had erroneously claimed that Russia hacked the power grid in Leahy’s home state. CNN was all over that story until it was shown to be a nothing burger. I don’t recall this matter noted on the weekly CNN media review show hosted by Brian Stelter. The following day (May 16) saw the claim that Israel was the Intel source which Trump (as claimed) gave to the Russians. Very much downplayed are the very high level Russian-Israeli discussions over the past few years, which have been known to involve Intel matters. The heavily influenced neocon/neolib US mass media is prone to not second guess some questionable claims that don’t fit their preference concerning Russia related matters. Don’t be surprised if the spin on Trump compromising a US ally turns out to be bloated sensationalism, as seems true with some earlier instances. During a May 10 Brian Williams hosted MSNBC segment, Ioffe brought up how happy Trump looked with Lavrov and Kislyak, in comparison to Trump’s meeting with Angela Merkel. Hint: the Russian government has people who aren’t such ogres when compared to their Western counterparts. Merkel downplays the level of violent nationalism and corruption in Kiev regime controlled Ukraine – contrasted with her pious scorn against Russia. Besides this ethical inconsistency, perhaps Merkel isn’t as interesting and enjoyable a guest as Lavrov and/or Kislyak. In any event, it’s problematical to pursue better relations with Russia, when one is criticized for appearing friendly with that nation as others (like the US UN Ambassador Nikki Haley) carryon in an opposite manner, with limited high profile criticism. Former Soviet spy Jack Barsky is making the rounds on CNN and MSNBC. He doesn’t offer much, if anything, in terms of new and interesting insight. His clear purpose is to (supposedly) show how present day Russia and the USSR are much the same. In actuality, there’re noticeable differences that include savvy Russians (government affiliated and otherwise) who don’t shy away from the likes of Sciutto and Blitzer. A truly fair and balanced mass media would feature the intelligent opposites to Barsky, Ioffe and Michael McFaul. The former grouping include some folks who aren’t regular JRL (Johnson’s Russia List) court appointed Russia friendlies. Michael Averko is a New York based independent foreign policy analyst and media critic. This article was initially placed at the Strategic Culture Foundation’s website on May 17. ← What Does NATO Need To ‘Project Stability’ In Its Neighborhood? – Analysis Erectile Dysfunction Medicines Don’t Cause Melanoma → Michael Averko Michael Averko is a New York based independent foreign policy analyst and media critic. He has appeared as a guest commentator on the BBC and WABC talk radio, in addition to having been a panelist at the World Russia Forum, Russia Forum New York and US-Russia.org Experts' Panel. Besides Averko's Eurasia Review column - Counterpunch, Foreign Policy Journal, Global Research, History News Network, InoSMI.Ru, Johnson's Russia List, Journal of Turkish Weekly, Kyiv Post, Oriental Review, Penza News, Pravda.Ru, Pravoslavie.Ru, Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty, Russia Insider, Sputnik News, Strategic Culture Foundation, The Huffington Post, Valdai Discussion Club and WikiLeaks, are among the numerous venues where his commentary have either appeared or been referenced. The American Institute in Ukraine and the Lord Byron Foundation for Balkan Studies, have referenced some of his commentary, along with academic white papers prepared for NATO Watch, Ohio State University, Problems of Post-Communism and the Royal College of Defence Studies. He is source referenced in Richard Sakwa's book "Frontline Ukraine". Averko's Eurasia Review article on Pavlo Skoropadsky, provides the first full online transcript of Skoropadsky's edict calling for an "All-Russian Federation", inclusive of Russia and Ukraine. Among other issues, that article explains the relationships among the major combatants in the Russian Civil War. He can be reached via [email protected] You May Also Like Sirisena Invites Sri Lankan Intellectuals In Thailand To Return To Motherland November 2, 2015 Eurasia Review 0 US Welcomes Libya’s Endorsement National Accord Cabinet February 25, 2016 Eurasia Review 0 OSCE: Embraces Stalemate On Nagorno-Karabakh Conflict – OpEd December 4, 2015 Peter Tase 1 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Latest Articles 1 Opinion  No Tears For The FBI – OpEd May 20, 2017 Margaret Kimberley 0 “Everywhere I look, Lord I see FB Eyes Said every place I look, Lord I find FB Eyes I’m getting 1 Religion  Reopened Murder Case Of Blessed Oscar Romero May 20, 2017 CNA 0 1 Entertainment Opinion  NFL Teams Are Right To Blackball Colin Kaepernick – OpEd May 20, 2017 Eurasia Review 0 1 Analysis Social Issues  The Five Stars’ Party: Italy’s Unique Populist Movement – Analysis May 20, 2017 Modern Diplomacy 0 1 Opinion  North Korea And A Crisis In The Making – OpEd May 20, 2017 Observer Research Foundation 0 1 Analysis  Challenges Before New South Korean President – Analysis May 20, 2017 Observer Research Foundation 0 1 Analysis  China’s Energy Security: Reality Roadblock In Ethiopia – Analysis May 20, 2017 RSIS 0 Recent Comments Syed Tanwir Hasan on Trump’s Visit To Saudi Arabia: An Opportunity That Must Not Be Wasted – OpEd Duncan Graham on Jakarta’s Election And Alternatives To US Policy Towards Muslims – OpEd Vijayendra Kumar on Furthering India-Japan Defense Cooperation: Arun Jaitley Indicates New Approach – Analysis Cherl on Trump Defends ‘Right’ To Share Intelligence With Russia chitranjan kumar on Indian Strategic Thinking: A Reflection Of Kautilya’s Six Fold Policy – Analysis Copyright © 2017 Eurasia Review. All rights reserved. (ISSN 2330-717X) This popup will close in: Please Support Eurasia Review   Eurasia Review does not receive financial support from any institution, corporation or organization. We are truly independent. Your contributions allow Eurasia Review to continue operating. Please consider donating today.   Signup for Eurasia Review's FREE newsletter CLOSE
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 May 2017 by James Lamb Neural Network Software Market Report 2017, Trends, Analysis, Share, Estimates and Forecasts to 2022. According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Neural Network Software market is expected to grow from $9.54 billion in 2016 to reach $46.43 billion by 2022 with a CAGR of 30.1%. Growing adoption of big data, increasing market for predictive analytics, and raising adoption in Internet of Things are the some of the factors bolstering the market growth. However, lack of skilled professionals, low adoption rate in emerging countries are the restraints hindering the market growth. Banking, Financial Services and Insurance (BFSI)  end user contributed a largest market share during the forecast period owing to growing financial transactions year on year. By geography, North America commanded the largest market share due to plenty IT infrastructures and more financial institutions & companies in this region. Asia Pacific is likely to grow at a fastest rate during the forecast period. Some of the key players in global neural network software market include Afiniti, Alyuda Research, Llc., GMDH, Llc, Google Inc., Intel Corporation, International Business Machines Corporation, Microsoft Corporation, Neural Technologies Limited, Neuralware, Oracle Corporation, Qualcomm Technologies, Inc., Sap Se, Slagkryssaren Ab, Starmind International Ag, Swiftkey, and Ward Systems Group, Inc. For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/neural-network-software-market Software types Covered: • Analytical Software • Data Mining and Archiving • Optimization Software • Visualization Software Services Covered: • Managed Services • Professional Services Applications Covered: • Financial Forecasting • Portfolio Management • Machine Diagnostics • Fraud Detection • Process Modeling and Control of Plants End Users Covered: • Government and Defense • Energy and Utilities • Banking, Financial Services, and Insurance • Healthcare • Industrial Manufacturing • Media • Retail and eCommerce • Telecom and IT • Transportation and Logistics • Other End Users Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 6 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/neural-network-software-market https://twitter.com/StratisticsMRC Follow us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/stratistics-market-research-consulting-pvt-ltd?trk=mini-profile Contact Details: Contact Person: James Lamb Email: info@strategymrc.com Phone: +1-301-202-5929 / +1-301-202-7681 Website: www.strategymrc.com About Stratistics MRC We offer wide spectrum of research and consulting services with in-depth knowledge of different industries. We are known for customized research services, consulting services and Full Time Equivalent (FTE) services in the research world. We explore the market trends and draw our insights with valid assessments and analytical views. We use advanced techniques and tools among the quantitative and qualitative methodologies to identify the market trends. Our research reports and publications are routed to help our clients to design their business models and enhance their business growth in the competitive market scenario. We have a strong team with hand-picked consultants including project managers, implementers, industry experts, researchers, research evaluators and analysts with years of experience in delivering the complex projects. For more information, please visit Stratistics Market Research Consulting Pvt Ltd CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsBusiness, Industry, Markets, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Lock Washers Industry Worldwide 2016: Report Statistics Predicts Market Share Of $10741.42 Million By 2021 Next PostNext Inductor Market to Reflect Impressive Growth Rate During 2025 Search Recent Posts IMPORTANT EQUITY ALERT: Lundin Law PC Announces a Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Amyris, Inc. and Reminds Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm U.S. Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos Releases Amended Federal Student Loan Servicing Solicitation U.S. Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos Releases Amended Federal Student Loan Servicing Solicitation EQUITY ALERT: Khang & Khang LLP Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against PCM, Inc. and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Lundin Law PC Announces a Securities Class Action Lawsuit against KBR, Inc. and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Subscribers Home Were You Seen? Traffic Weather School Closings Events Calendar Calendar: Add Event Obituaries Puzzles Palace Buy Photos & More Help & Contact Us Site Index Subscriber Services Archives (1986-Present) Rotterdam man accused of fleecing aunts News Breaking News Local Capitol Confidential State & Capitol U.S. & World Opinion Your Town Obituaries Newsletters School Closings All Stories Comey agrees to testify in Senate De Blasio, Cuomo point fingers over subway delays Weiner apologizes in sexting case Official: Mass death was aim Sports HS Sports Sidelines Siena UAlbany Hockey MLB NFL NBA Golf Auto Racing Columnists All Stories DeGrom stops Mets' 7-game skid Cavs break record in crushing Celtics Longoria continues to punish Yankees Seniors golden for Silver Warriors Business The Buzz Blog Women@Work Technology News Salary Wizard Press Releases Sponsored Content Mortgage Rates Business Directory All Stories Stocks close broadly higher Highest bidder: Cuomo's G450C tools up for sale Saratoga Springs marketer delves into patient experience for Net neutrality battle begins Entertainment Events Calendar Seen Photos Viral Videos Movies & TV Table Hopping Restaurants Local Arts Puzzles Palace Best of the Capital Region Your Horoscope Comics All Stories People in the news: Harvard student raps thesis Chris Cornell called a true icon Good things to do for the week ahead Facilities to promote therapeutic power of making art Living 518Life Women@Work Table Hopping Celebrations House of the Week Puzzles Palace High School Parenting Health Find a Doctor Savings Source Sponsored Content All Stories Hotels where pets stay free 6,000 steps up China's sacred mountain, Mount Tai His revolution was televised Sipping: Wine pick of the week Blogs All Blogs Kristi Barlette Capitol Confidential Local Politics Table Hopping Shopportunist Arts Talk Movies The Buzz: Business Hot Topics Parent to Parent Capital Region Gives Miracle League opens May 20 with one less shining star Poll: Which team wins the Section II Class AA baseball title? Poll: Which team wins the Section II Class A baseball title? Poll: Which team wins the Section II Class B baseball title? TU Plus Exclusive Local & State Business & Tech Arts & Lifestyle Sports & Recreation Opinion Women@Work 518Life Restaurant Reviews Best of 2016 tu+ FAQ Subscribe/Activate tu+ Storms disrupt lively Paisley concert at SPAC Review: Gere perfectly annoying in 'Norman' Letter: Lawmaker Chaffetz won't be missed in Congress Rex Smith: What can be said about Roger Ailes? Jobs Top Workplaces Jobs Weekly Job Fair Place an Ad Salary Wizard Careers Blog Business Blog Jobs at the TU Albany Med service targets executive patients Jersey Mike’s Subs planning Glenmont, Clifton Park Walt Robb, Steve Lobel appearing at BizLab on Nov. 16 GlobalFoundries plans ‘multi-billion’ Fab 8 upgrade Homes For Sale For Rent Open Houses New Homes Land & Farms Commercial Services Auctions Mortgage Rates Home Style House of the Week Places & Spaces Blog House of the Week: Georgian Revival in Menands Proximity to water adds to property value Guns N' Roses member selling home for $3.8M Bethlehem subdivision to be maintenance-free Cars Search New Cars Vehicle Reviews Dealer Pre-Owned Cars Classic Cars Blog Private Pre-Owned Cars The Bike Blog Photos: Million-dollar cars for auction Car Show Photos: N.Y. Power Authority Blenheim Gilboa Car Show The Raleigh Classic – Auction Highlights – June 2015 Future Collectibles: 2015 Dodge Charger SRT Hellcat Classifieds Search Classifieds Place Classified Ad Coupons & Deals Legal Notices Business Directory Place a Legal Notice Realtor Ads Shopportunist Blog Auto Dealer Ads How to Advertise Job Listings Secrets to help you save at Amazon Hewitt’s: Free flowering annual or vegetable pack for Mom Best (and worst) things to buy in May Teachers eat free at Recovery Sports Grill on Tuesday, May 2 MenuSections http://www.timesunion.com/business/article/Highest-bidder-Cuomo-s-G450C-tools-up-for-sale-11157796.php Highest bidder: Cuomo's G450C tools up for sale $115M in tools from disbanded chip deal at SUNY Poly to be sold, used elsewhere By Larry Rulison Published 11:20 pm, Thursday, May 18, 2017 Photo: John Carl D'Annibale Image 1of/4 Caption Close Image 1 of 4 Buy photo Technicians move containers of G450C wafers into a wafer stocker, at right, before sending them by overhead vehicles back to Nano Fab North from Albany NanoTech's new NanoFab Xtension facility Wednesday Nov. 6, 2013, in Albany, NY. (John Carl D'Annibale / Times Union) less Technicians move containers of G450C wafers into a wafer stocker, at right, before sending them by overhead vehicles back to Nano Fab North from Albany NanoTech's new NanoFab Xtension facility Wednesday Nov. 6, ... more Photo: John Carl D'Annibale Buy this photo Image 2 of 4 Buy photo CNSE research tech Jamie Prudhomme, left, and Assoc. VP for G450C technical operations Chris Borst peer into a practical measuring system for 450mm wafers in Albany NanoTech's new NanoFab Xtension facility Wednesday Nov. 6, 2013, in Albany, NY. (John Carl D'Annibale / Times Union) less CNSE research tech Jamie Prudhomme, left, and Assoc. VP for G450C technical operations Chris Borst peer into a practical measuring system for 450mm wafers in Albany NanoTech's new NanoFab Xtension facility ... more Photo: John Carl D'Annibale Buy this photo Image 3 of 4 Buy photo A view of the research building at SUNY Polytechnic Institute on Thursday, July 9, 2015, in Albany, N.Y. (Paul Buckowski / Times Union) A view of the research building at SUNY Polytechnic Institute on Thursday, July 9, 2015, in Albany, N.Y. (Paul Buckowski / Times Union) Photo: PAUL BUCKOWSKI Buy this photo Image 4 of 4 Buy photo Exterior of the NanoFabX building at SUNY Polytechnic Institute on Monday, Feb. 8, 2016 in Albany, N.Y. GlobalFoundries is creating a $500 million chip lithography center here. (Lori Van Buren / Times Union) Exterior of the NanoFabX building at SUNY Polytechnic Institute on Monday, Feb. 8, 2016 in Albany, N.Y. GlobalFoundries is creating a $500 million chip lithography center here. (Lori Van Buren / Times Union) Photo: Lori Van Buren Buy this photo Highest bidder: Cuomo's G450C tools up for sale 1 / 4 Back to Gallery Albany What remains of Gov. Andrew Cuomo's highly touted, billion-dollar Global 450mm Consortium is headed for the auction block. Back in the fall of 2011, Cuomo stunned the high-tech world by announcing he had convinced the world's largest computer chip companies to research next-generation chip manufacturing at SUNY Polytechnic Institute in Albany as part of a five-year, $4.8 billion program. The centerpiece of the deal was the $1 billion, Global 450mm Consortium, or G450C, an unprecedented collaboration between competitors Intel, GlobalFoundries, Samsung, IBM and Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. to figure out how to make the chips using 450 millimeter — 18-inch — silicon wafers instead of the current standard of using 300 mm, or 12-inch, wafers. But the G450C never attained its lofty goals. The industry postponed the move to 450mm manufacturing in favor of getting more efficiencies out of 12-inch wafers. The Research Foundation for SUNY, which manages grant money for SUNY schools, disclosed in recently released audited financial statements that it is looking to repurpose the G450C's equipment — known in the industry as tools — or sell them to the highest bidder. The Research Foundation says the remaining G450C equipment has a "book value" of nearly $115 million. "Management expects to utilize the G450C's equipment to the extent it can be deployed in other existing programs," the foundation disclosed. "However it is expected that a portion of the equipment will be sold to third parties during fiscal 2017." State officials previously hoped the program would make the Capital Region the epicenter for next-generation chips. They also predicted that when the industry was ready to build the first 450 millimeter chip factories, they would be built in upstate New York to be close to research and development. New York state promised $200 million to the G450C, with the industry promising another $800 million, including $75 million from each of the five participants. SUNY Poly also built a special building for the G450C, the $365 million NanoFab X building that once hosted President Barack Obama and was designed to house the massive multi-million dollar machinery, or tools, that would be needed to process 18-inch silicon wafers. When funding for the G450C officially ended in December, the consortium quietly disbanded amid the high-profile bid-rigging scandal that had engulfed SUNY Poly earlier in the year. Now the state is doing the best that it can to recoup its original investment. Paul Kelly, SUNY Poly's associate vice president for consortia and initiatives, said the process of selling equipment would begin soon. "With the wind down of the G450C as a result of industry consensus pushing reliance on 450mm wafers to the future, SUNY Poly is working with companies to maximize our return on investment in the equipment and tools that were purchased to run the program," Kelly said. "We are still exploring all of our options and expect the process to begin in a few weeks." lrulison@timesunion.com • 518-454-5504 • @larryrulison Most Popular 1 Great news: Mexico offers to pay for Trump’s impeachment 2 Doctor, neighbors save Colonie teen crash victim 3 SEEN: CDPHP Workforce Team Challenge 2017 4 Thousands remain without power in Albany area 5 Granville mom drove drunk to day care, troopers said 6 House of the Week: Georgian Revival in Menands 7 Empire Center looks, finds more than 800 public sector double... View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Contact Us Our Company Jobs at the TU Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Content Blogs Weather School Closings Events Calendar Weddings/Celebrations Births Obituaries Online Store Puzzles Palace Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Delivery Become a Carrier iPad app Times Union Plus Copyright and Reprint eEdition Hearst Newspapers © Copyright The Hearst Corporation
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Global 3D NAND Flash Memory Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Global 3D NAND Flash Memory Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Posted on May 19, 2017 by ReleaseWire - Latest Press Releases in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. Global 3D NAND Flash Memory Market Research Report 2017 New York, NY — (SBWIRE) — 05/18/2017 — Global 3D NAND Flash Memory Industry Latest Report on 3D NAND Flash Memory Market Global Analysis & 2022 Forecast Research Study Global 3D NAND Flash Memory market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including Intel Micron Samsung Toshiba SanDisk … Try Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1285256-global-3d-nand-flash-memory-market-research-report-2017 Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of 3D NAND Flash Memory in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering United States EU China Japan South Korea Taiwan On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Single-Level Cell (SLC) Multi-Level Cell (MLC) Triple-Level Cell (TLC) On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of 3D NAND Flash Memory for each application, including Consumer electronics Industrial Medical Automotive Other If you have any enquiry before buying a copy of this report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1285256-global-3d-nand-flash-memory-market-research-report-2017 Some Major Points from Table of content: Global 3D NAND Flash Memory Market Research Report 2017 1 3D NAND Flash Memory Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of 3D NAND Flash Memory 1.2 3D NAND Flash Memory Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global 3D NAND Flash Memory Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global 3D NAND Flash Memory Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Single-Level Cell (SLC) 1.2.4 Multi-Level Cell (MLC) 1.2.5 Triple-Level Cell (TLC) 1.3 Global 3D NAND Flash Memory Segment by Application 1.3.1 3D NAND Flash Memory Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Consumer electronics 1.3.3 Industrial 1.3.4 Medical 1.3.5 Automotive 1.3.6 Other 1.4 Global 3D NAND Flash Memory Market by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global 3D NAND Flash Memory Market Size (Value) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 United States Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 EU Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 South Korea Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 Taiwan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of 3D NAND Flash Memory (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global 3D NAND Flash Memory Revenue Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global 3D NAND Flash Memory Capacity, Production Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 2 Global 3D NAND Flash Memory Market Competition by Manufacturers 2.1 Global 3D NAND Flash Memory Capacity, Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.1 Global 3D NAND Flash Memory Capacity and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.2 Global 3D NAND Flash Memory Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.2 Global 3D NAND Flash Memory Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.3 Global 3D NAND Flash Memory Average Price by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.4 Manufacturers 3D NAND Flash Memory Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area and Product Type 2.5 3D NAND Flash Memory Market Competitive Situation and Trends 2.5.1 3D NAND Flash Memory Market Concentration Rate 2.5.2 3D NAND Flash Memory Market Share of Top 3 and Top 5 Manufacturers 2.5.3 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion For Detailed Reading Please visit WiseGuy Reports @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1285256-global-3d-nand-flash-memory-market-research-report-2017 3 Global 3D NAND Flash Memory Capacity, Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2012-2017) 3.1 Global 3D NAND Flash Memory Capacity and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.2 Global 3D NAND Flash Memory Production and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.3 Global 3D NAND Flash Memory Revenue (Value) and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.4 Global 3D NAND Flash Memory Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.5 United States 3D NAND Flash Memory Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.6 EU 3D NAND Flash Memory Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.7 China 3D NAND Flash Memory Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.8 Japan 3D NAND Flash Memory Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.9 South Korea 3D NAND Flash Memory Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.10 Taiwan 3D NAND Flash Memory Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 4 Global 3D NAND Flash Memory Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Region (2012-2017) 4.1 Global 3D NAND Flash Memory Consumption by Region (2012-2017) 4.2 United States 3D NAND Flash Memory Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.3 EU 3D NAND Flash Memory Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.4 China 3D NAND Flash Memory Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.5 Japan 3D NAND Flash Memory Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.6 South Korea 3D NAND Flash Memory Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.7 Taiwan 3D NAND Flash Memory Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 5 Global 3D NAND Flash Memory Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type 5.1 Global 3D NAND Flash Memory Production and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 5.2 Global 3D NAND Flash Memory Revenue and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 5.3 Global 3D NAND Flash Memory Price by Type (2012-2017) 5.4 Global 3D NAND Flash Memory Production Growth by Type (2012-2017) Continued….. For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com AboutWise Guy Reports Wise Guy Reports is part of the Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. and offers premium progressive statistical surveying, market research reports, analysis & forecast data for industries and governments around the globe. Wise Guy Reports understand how essential statistical surveying information is for your organization or association. Therefore, we have associated with the top publishers and research firms all specialized in specific domains, ensuring you will receive the most reliable and up to date research data available. Contact Us: Norah Trent +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 Follow on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/wise-guy-research-consultants-pvt-ltd-?trk=biz-companies-cym For more information on this press release visit: http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/global-3d-nand-flash-memory-market-2017-share-trend-segmentation-and-forecast-to-2022-807989.htm Media Relations Contact Norah Trent Telephone: 646-845-9349 Email: Click to Email Norah Trent Web: https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1285256-global-3d-nand-flash-memory-market-research-report-2017 Latest News Why Focusky Is the Top Choice of Mobile Powerpoint Creator Tool FashionMia Bodycon Dresses for Women Turn Every Young Woman Into a Fashion Icon Church’s Chicken® Signs Largest-Ever Franchise Development Deal With Goalz Restaurant Group SatatonMall Offers Wide Range of a-Grade, Professional Textile Testing Instruments XI’an Chinwon Biotech Inc Announces the Release of Its New Variety of Skin Care Products Global 3D NAND Flash Memory Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Distributed Fiber Optic Sensor/Sensing (DFOS) Market Report 2017 Switchgear Market Worth 144.41 Billion USD and Forecast to 2021 Explore the Growth Trends in Thermal Imaging Market by Component & Application – 2021 FashionMia Mother’s Day Sale Started with Massive Discounts Announced on Cute Dresses for Women © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Skip to main content Minnesota Public Radio Give Now Search MPR Minnesota Public Radio MPR Services MPR News The Current Classical MPR More Streams Radio Heartland Local Current Wonderground Radio Choral Classical Sections MPR News coverage Arts Books Business Education Environment Health Lifestyle Politics State Twin Cities NewsCut Weather MPR News programs Morning Edition All Things Considered MPR News with Kerri Miller MPR News with Tom Weber More programs MPR News resources Program schedule Station directory Podcasts Archive Members More ways to give Give a gift membership Employer matching gifts Leadership Circle Planned giving Donate a vehicle Donate stock Member benefits Sustaining membership Contact us Become a member More MPR Services MPR News The Current Classical MPR Radio Heartland Local Current Wonderground Radio Choral Classical Minnesota Public Radio About MPR Contact info Stations Careers Staff directory Company information Press room Members Events Shop Give Now Search MPR Listen 0:00 Member Supported • Join Now Program Schedule • Station Directory Sponsor Sponsor Senate chairman: Flynn has not responded to subpoena Politics Associated Press · May 18, 2017 Michael Flynn walks through the lobby at Trump Tower in New York last year. Carolyn Kaster | AP file The chairman of the Senate intelligence committee said Thursday that ousted National Security Adviser Michael Flynn hasn't responded to a subpoena from the panel in its probe of Russia's meddling in the 2016 presidential election. Republican Sen. Richard Burr of North Carolina had to retract a statement made hours earlier that Flynn's lawyer had told the committee he would not comply with the subpoena. Legal experts say it's unlikely Flynn would agree to turn over the personal documents because he would be waiving his constitutional protection against self-incrimination by doing so. Flynn, though his lawyer, had earlier asked for immunity from "unfair prosecution" in exchange for agreeing to cooperate with the committee. Flynn's attorney Robert Kelner did not respond to phone messages and emails seeking comment. The Senate committee is one of several on Capitol Hill investigating possible collusion between Russia and President Donald Trump's 2016 campaign. Flynn is also the target of other congressional investigations as well as an ongoing FBI counterintelligence probe and a separate federal investigation in Virginia. Flynn, a retired Army lieutenant general, was fired from his position as Trump's national security adviser in February. At the time, Trump said he fired Flynn because he misled senior administration officials, including the vice president, about his contacts with Russian officials. The Senate committee issued the subpoena for Flynn's records on May 10 after he declined to cooperate with an April 28 request for documents. That request was similar to ones received by other Trump associates, including former campaign chairman Paul Manafort, Trump associate Roger Stone and former Trump foreign policy adviser Carter Page, a person familiar with the Senate investigation said. That person spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss confidential details of the committee's investigation. Page and Stone shared copies of their request letters with The Associated Press. Those letters sought a wide array of electronic and paper records related to any contacts made between people affiliated with the Trump campaign and Russian officials and businesses. Emails, text messages, letters, phone records and information about financial and real estate holdings associated with Russia were among the information requested by the committee. Nina Ginsberg, a veteran Washington defense attorney with extensive experience in national security cases, said that without an ironclad immunity deal from the committee, Flynn would be exposed to questioning from investigators about any personal documents he gave up. Providing those records to the committee would provide authorities with "a lot more information and the legal basis for questioning him about them," she said. Opening himself up to questioning from Senate investigations would be risky for Flynn given his current legal troubles. Flynn has been under scrutiny from the Justice Department since at least Nov. 30, when the department's Foreign Agent Registration Act unit sent him a letter questioning whether he needed to register as a foreign agent for lobbying work he performed for a Turkish businessman. The letter and initial stories on Flynn's lobbying were first reported by The Daily Caller. Flynn signed a $600,000 contract last August with a Turkish businessman, Ekim Alptekin. The contract called for Flynn's company, Flynn Intel Group, to gather information on a Turkish cleric living in the United States with the aim of getting a criminal referral against him. Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdogan has blamed the cleric, Fethullah Gulen, who lives in Pennsylvania, for a failed coup attempt last summer and has pressured the U.S. to extradite him. The U.S. has rebuffed those calls. Flynn Intel was paid only $530,000 for the work, which ended in November after Trump's election victory. The day of the election, Flynn published a pro-Turkish op-ed, which railed against Gulen, in The Hill newspaper. Flynn has denied the op-ed was related to his Turkish work. The op-ed prompted scrutiny by the Justice Department, and now a full-fledged federal investigation. According to a U.S. official, authorities in the Eastern District of Virginia are examining Flynn's paid foreign consulting work last year for the Turkish-owned company while he was advising Trump's presidential campaign. The official was not authorized to discuss the probe and requested anonymity. The existence of the investigation was first confirmed by CNN, which reported that federal prosecutors recently sent grand jury subpoenas to Flynn associates and contractors who worked with his firm. Alptekin told the AP in an email that he is not a target of the investigation and has not been contacted by authorities. Amid Justice interest, Trump formally chose Flynn as his national security adviser. As the AP reported in March , an attorney for Flynn told Trump's presidential transition team — including now-White House counsel Don McGahn — that Flynn might have to register as a foreign agent. After Trump's inauguration, Flynn's representatives told the White House counsel that Flynn, who was already serving as national security adviser, would be registering with the Justice Department. Flynn finally registered in March, acknowledging his work could have benefited the government of Turkey. The White House has confirmed Flynn's attorney contacted the transition and the counsel's office about his possible foreign agent registration. But a White House official has said McGahn and others were not aware of the full details of Flynn's Turkish work. Flynn is separately being investigated by the Defense Department's inspector general. That inquiry is looking into whether Flynn was fully forthcoming about his foreign contacts and earnings from organizations linked to the governments of Russia and Turkey. The top Democrat and Republican on a House oversight committee have said Flynn likely broke federal law by failing to get approval from the U.S. government to accept foreign payments, including $33,000 in 2015 from RT, Russia's state-sponsored television network. RT has been branded a propaganda outlet by U.S. intelligence officials. Stay Informed Subscribe to our politics newsletter. Email Address* Zip Code See our Privacy Policy. Must be age 13. Previous States make move in fight over health care reform 6 hours ago Next 'Fargo' recap: You have to unchain me 4 hours ago Help us cover this story MPR News apps for Android and iOS MPR News for iOS MPR News for iOS MPR News for Android MPR Radio for iOS MPR Radio for Android MPR News Podcasts The Ticker Kerri Miller Tom Weber Brains On All Podcasts @MPRNews Facebook newsroom@mpr.org Tips: 651-290-1424 Subscribe to email newsletters MPR News Update AM Edition MPR News Update PM Edition Capitol View The Thread Listen Live Program Schedule Station Directory Audio Help About Minnesota Public Radio Contact Us Shop Become a Member Volunteer Fundraising Credentials Terms of use Your privacy rights Public Inspection Files © 2017 Minnesota Public Radio. All rights reserved. Weather data powered by Forecast.
Home Archives Ed Morrissey Show Newsletters   Chaffetz: Do we even know Comey has memos? posted at 2:01 pm on May 18, 2017 by Ed Morrissey Share on Facebook 1 1 SHARES “I don’t know that a special counsel is warranted at this point,” House Oversight chair Jason Chaffetz told George Stephanopoulos on ABC’s Good Morning America, although Chaffetz calls Robert Mueller “an excellent choice” for the position. Stephanopoulos asks how he can support Mueller but oppose the naming of a special counsel at all, especially after Donald Trump’s firing of James Comey and the reports of his memo about their meeting in February, in which Trump asked if Comey could let Flynn off the hook. Chaffetz then points out that the investigation has continued despite Comey’s removal, and called into question whether the memo exists at all, and what it actually means: ABC Breaking News | Latest News Videos “I think in the light of day in a public setting he should be able to tell us about the materials, if they’re there, and I question whether or not they’re actually there,” he said, adding that he has yet to hear back from Comey about his request for public testimony, which he hopes to schedule for next week. According to a memo whose existence and content was first reported on by The New York Times on Tuesday and later confirmed to ABC by sources close to Comey, the former FBI director was asked in March by President Trump to drop the bureau’s investigation into former national security adviser Michael Flynn. Trump fired Comey as director last week. When questioned by “GMA” host George Stephanopoulos about his skepticism about the Comey documents, Chaffetz said, “Well nobody’s seen them. Even the reporter that did the story hasn’t seen them. Nobody that I know of, even the reporter, has not actually seen those documents. “I want to look at the information and hear from the person who actually wrote it [the memo in question],” Chaffetz said. “I think that’s the fair way Republicans and Democrats can look in the light of day in a public setting.” Comey is known to be an inveterate memo writer, so it’s almost certain to exist. Whether it says what it does and whether it carries the meaning assigned to it by others can’t be known until it’s produced publicly. Even the news outlets that did report on the memo did so blind, having no access to the memo itself but instead relying on others who related its meaning. That’s why Chaffetz and Senate Intel chair Richard Burr have requested that the FBI turn over all of Comey’s memos-to-file during his three-plus years as FBI director, both to see precisely what he claims Trump said and the context of Comey’s own self-reporting. There’s another reason to be skeptical that the memo says what the news media has reported, too. On May 3rd, almost three months after the meeting that Comey memorialized in the document, Senator Mazie Hirono (D-HI) asked him directly whether there had been any political influence on the FBI’s investigations. Comey said it would be a big deal if it had happened — but that it hadn’t: HIRONO: Yes. And so speaking of the independence of not just the judiciary but I’d like you to clarify the FBI’s independence from the DOJ apparatus. Can the FBI conduct an investigation independent from the department of Justice. Or does the FBI have to disclose all it’s investigations to the DOJ? And does it have to get the Attorney General’s consent? COMEY: Well we work with the Department of Justice, whether that’s main justice or U.S. attorney’s offices on all of our investigations. And so we work with them and so in a legal sense we’re not independent of the department of justice. We are spiritually, culturally pretty independent group and that’s the way you would want tit. But yes, we work with the Department of Justice on all of our investigations. HIRONO: So if the Attorney General or senior officials at the Department of Justice opposes a specific investigation, can they halt that FBI investigation? COMEY: In theory yes. HIRONO: Has it happened? COMEY: Not in my experience. Because it would be a big deal to tell the FBI to stop doing something that — without an appropriate purpose. I mean where oftentimes they give us opinions that we don’t see a case there and so you ought to stop investing resources in it. But I’m talking about a situation where we were told to stop something for a political reason, that would be a very big deal. It’s not happened in my experience. One can see why Chaffetz has some skepticism over the reports, and it’s not just from the sourcing of the stories. Had Comey considered Trump’s actions to be improper attempts to politically interfere with his probe of Michael Flynn, then not only would he have been duty bound to report it at that time to Congress, but he would also have had to answer Hirono’s direct question in the affirmative. That doesn’t mean that Trump’s suggestion wasn’t inappropriate (if it happened as reports say) but that even three months later Comey didn’t see it as an attempt at political interference. At this point, it doesn’t pay to jump to conclusions in any direction. Congressional committees have demanded the memos, and if they don’t get them, subpoenas will undoubtedly follow. Let those chips fall where they may, but from the evidence at hand, don’t get your hopes too high for a major bombshell … at least from that memo. Addendum: Chaffetz may not stick around long enough to run the probe on the House side. According to Politico’s Jake Sherman, Chaffetz has told colleagues that he’s leaving the House early after earlier announcing his intention to retire. The timing of his departure is still unclear. Share on Facebook 1 1 SHARES Tags: Donald Trump, Federal Bureau of Investigation, james comey, Jason Chaffetz, political interference Related Posts: Former FBI Director Comey will testify before Senate intel committee Report: Israeli intelligence furious over Trump’s leak to Russian officials Rosenstein: Trump was firing Comey anyway, but I stand by my memo Breaking on Hot Air CNN: Russians bragged in intercepts that they could use Flynn to influence Trump Former FBI Director Comey will testify before Senate intel committee Harvard study: 80% of media coverage of Trump during first 100 days was negative in tone Blowback   Rep. Adam Schiff is terribly disappointed in Rep. Nunes…again Dem Intel Committee member Adam Schiff: We now have more than circumstantial evidence of collusion between Russia and Trump staffers Trump: I feel “somewhat” vindicated knowing that members of my transition team were incidentally surveilled North Korean missile explodes shortly after launch Preet Bharara didn’t stay unemployed for long Join Ed and Allahpundit on Facebook! Hot Links Right Channels Ace of Spades HQ Allergic2Bull Andrew Malcolm BigGovernment.com Daily Caller Defining Ideas Doug Powers Doug Ross @ Journal Election Results ElectionProjection Evan Coyne Maloney Fausta's Blog Jeff Dunetz La Shawn Barber’s Corner Le·gal In·sur·rec·tion Liberty Unyielding Mark Steyn Matt Lewis Michelle Malkin Newsbusters NRA News Patterico Poll Tracker Power Line Pundit & Pundette Real Clear Politics Ricochet Right Wing News Salena Zito Second Amendment The Other McCain The Shark Tank The Sundries Shack Tip Sheet Blog Townhall U.S. Constitution Left Channels BloggingHeads TV War on Terror Blogging the Qur’an Counterterrorism Blog Jihad Watch MEMRI TV Michael Yon NEFA Foundation Zombie Audio podcasters Ashbrook podcasts Blogtalkradio Instapundit Cartoons/Satire Conservative eCards Day by Day Mallard Fillmore Michael Ramirez Cartoons Political Cartoons Entertainment Happy Slip John Hanlon Reviews Industry/Internet TV Ed Driscoll Johnny Dollar Popehat Roger L. Simon Hangouts Drudge Report Linkiest Lucianne Memeorandum Twitchy Talkers Hugh Hewitt KFI – Los Angeles Kirby Wilbur Lars Larson Laura Ingraham Mark Levin Michael Graham Michael Smerconish Mike Gallagher Radio Vice Online Roger Hedgecock Rush Limbaugh Sean Hannity Tammy Bruce Tony Katz Hot Air Affiliates Brian Maloney Going Red Investigative Project Jawa Report Suitably Flip Feeds  Subscribe in a reader Recent Tags Donald Trump trump ObamaCare health care AHCA Russia neil gorsuch Supreme Court Paul Ryan repeal and replace bill deportation republican gorsuch confirmation GOP Hillary Clinton Germany illegal immigrants GCHQ vote poll ryan illegal immigration Canada adam schiff collusion Devin Nunes committee coordination intelligence investigation nunes briefing communications Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act incidentally legal surveilled launch missile North Korea Rex Tillerson New York University Preet Bharara u.s. attorney achievement Chelsea Clinton hillary lifetime © 2006-2017 Hot Air | Designed by The Blog Studio | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | About | Advertise | Mobile Site
Skip to main content Minnesota Public Radio Give Now Search MPR Minnesota Public Radio MPR Services MPR News The Current Classical MPR More Streams Radio Heartland Local Current Wonderground Radio Choral Classical Sections MPR News coverage Arts Books Business Education Environment Health Lifestyle Politics State Twin Cities NewsCut Weather MPR News programs Morning Edition All Things Considered MPR News with Kerri Miller MPR News with Tom Weber More programs MPR News resources Program schedule Station directory Podcasts Archive Members More ways to give Give a gift membership Employer matching gifts Leadership Circle Planned giving Donate a vehicle Donate stock Member benefits Sustaining membership Contact us Become a member More MPR Services MPR News The Current Classical MPR Radio Heartland Local Current Wonderground Radio Choral Classical Minnesota Public Radio About MPR Contact info Stations Careers Staff directory Company information Press room Members Events Shop Give Now Search MPR Listen 0:00 Member Supported • Join Now Program Schedule • Station Directory Sponsor Sponsor Senate chairman: Flynn has not responded to subpoena Politics Associated Press · May 18, 2017 Michael Flynn walks through the lobby at Trump Tower in New York last year. Carolyn Kaster | AP file The chairman of the Senate intelligence committee said Thursday that ousted National Security Adviser Michael Flynn hasn't responded to a subpoena from the panel in its probe of Russia's meddling in the 2016 presidential election. Republican Sen. Richard Burr of North Carolina had to retract a statement made hours earlier that Flynn's lawyer had told the committee he would not comply with the subpoena. Legal experts say it's unlikely Flynn would agree to turn over the personal documents because he would be waiving his constitutional protection against self-incrimination by doing so. Flynn, though his lawyer, had earlier asked for immunity from "unfair prosecution" in exchange for agreeing to cooperate with the committee. Flynn's attorney Robert Kelner did not respond to phone messages and emails seeking comment. The Senate committee is one of several on Capitol Hill investigating possible collusion between Russia and President Donald Trump's 2016 campaign. Flynn is also the target of other congressional investigations as well as an ongoing FBI counterintelligence probe and a separate federal investigation in Virginia. Flynn, a retired Army lieutenant general, was fired from his position as Trump's national security adviser in February. At the time, Trump said he fired Flynn because he misled senior administration officials, including the vice president, about his contacts with Russian officials. The Senate committee issued the subpoena for Flynn's records on May 10 after he declined to cooperate with an April 28 request for documents. That request was similar to ones received by other Trump associates, including former campaign chairman Paul Manafort, Trump associate Roger Stone and former Trump foreign policy adviser Carter Page, a person familiar with the Senate investigation said. That person spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss confidential details of the committee's investigation. Page and Stone shared copies of their request letters with The Associated Press. Those letters sought a wide array of electronic and paper records related to any contacts made between people affiliated with the Trump campaign and Russian officials and businesses. Emails, text messages, letters, phone records and information about financial and real estate holdings associated with Russia were among the information requested by the committee. Nina Ginsberg, a veteran Washington defense attorney with extensive experience in national security cases, said that without an ironclad immunity deal from the committee, Flynn would be exposed to questioning from investigators about any personal documents he gave up. Providing those records to the committee would provide authorities with "a lot more information and the legal basis for questioning him about them," she said. Opening himself up to questioning from Senate investigations would be risky for Flynn given his current legal troubles. Flynn has been under scrutiny from the Justice Department since at least Nov. 30, when the department's Foreign Agent Registration Act unit sent him a letter questioning whether he needed to register as a foreign agent for lobbying work he performed for a Turkish businessman. The letter and initial stories on Flynn's lobbying were first reported by The Daily Caller. Flynn signed a $600,000 contract last August with a Turkish businessman, Ekim Alptekin. The contract called for Flynn's company, Flynn Intel Group, to gather information on a Turkish cleric living in the United States with the aim of getting a criminal referral against him. Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdogan has blamed the cleric, Fethullah Gulen, who lives in Pennsylvania, for a failed coup attempt last summer and has pressured the U.S. to extradite him. The U.S. has rebuffed those calls. Flynn Intel was paid only $530,000 for the work, which ended in November after Trump's election victory. The day of the election, Flynn published a pro-Turkish op-ed, which railed against Gulen, in The Hill newspaper. Flynn has denied the op-ed was related to his Turkish work. The op-ed prompted scrutiny by the Justice Department, and now a full-fledged federal investigation. According to a U.S. official, authorities in the Eastern District of Virginia are examining Flynn's paid foreign consulting work last year for the Turkish-owned company while he was advising Trump's presidential campaign. The official was not authorized to discuss the probe and requested anonymity. The existence of the investigation was first confirmed by CNN, which reported that federal prosecutors recently sent grand jury subpoenas to Flynn associates and contractors who worked with his firm. Alptekin told the AP in an email that he is not a target of the investigation and has not been contacted by authorities. Amid Justice interest, Trump formally chose Flynn as his national security adviser. As the AP reported in March , an attorney for Flynn told Trump's presidential transition team — including now-White House counsel Don McGahn — that Flynn might have to register as a foreign agent. After Trump's inauguration, Flynn's representatives told the White House counsel that Flynn, who was already serving as national security adviser, would be registering with the Justice Department. Flynn finally registered in March, acknowledging his work could have benefited the government of Turkey. The White House has confirmed Flynn's attorney contacted the transition and the counsel's office about his possible foreign agent registration. But a White House official has said McGahn and others were not aware of the full details of Flynn's Turkish work. Flynn is separately being investigated by the Defense Department's inspector general. That inquiry is looking into whether Flynn was fully forthcoming about his foreign contacts and earnings from organizations linked to the governments of Russia and Turkey. The top Democrat and Republican on a House oversight committee have said Flynn likely broke federal law by failing to get approval from the U.S. government to accept foreign payments, including $33,000 in 2015 from RT, Russia's state-sponsored television network. RT has been branded a propaganda outlet by U.S. intelligence officials. Stay Informed Subscribe to our politics newsletter. Email Address* Zip Code See our Privacy Policy. Must be age 13. Previous States make move in fight over health care reform 6 hours ago Next 'Fargo' recap: You have to unchain me 4 hours ago Help us cover this story MPR News apps for Android and iOS MPR News for iOS MPR News for iOS MPR News for Android MPR Radio for iOS MPR Radio for Android MPR News Podcasts The Ticker Kerri Miller Tom Weber Brains On All Podcasts @MPRNews Facebook newsroom@mpr.org Tips: 651-290-1424 Subscribe to email newsletters MPR News Update AM Edition MPR News Update PM Edition Capitol View The Thread Listen Live Program Schedule Station Directory Audio Help About Minnesota Public Radio Contact Us Shop Become a Member Volunteer Fundraising Credentials Terms of use Your privacy rights Public Inspection Files © 2017 Minnesota Public Radio. All rights reserved. Weather data powered by Forecast.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition News Merrimack Valley Haverhill New Hampshire Business TV Listings Video Magazines Salute to Seniors Special Report: The Heroin Crisis Sports National Sports Papi's Farewell Local Sports Can You Beat Burt? Hoops Tourney 17 Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Place an Ad Classifieds Local Public Notices Massachusett's Public Notices Community Anniversary Engagements Weddings Births Photos Submit a Celebration Opinion Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Sound Off Obituaries Submit an Obituary Submit a Memoriam Shop Coupon Deals Weekly Ads Newspaper Ads Buy Our Photos Public Notices Local Public Notices Massachusetts Public Notices About Us Contact Us e-Edition App Downloads Login 88° Few Clouds North Andover, MA (01845) Today Partly cloudy. High 87F. Winds WNW at 15 to 25 mph.. Tonight Partly cloudy skies. Low 49F. Winds N at 10 to 20 mph. Updated: May 19, 2017 @ 1:54 pm Full Forecast Toggle navigation About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition News Merrimack Valley Haverhill New Hampshire Business TV Listings Video Magazines Salute to Seniors Special Report: The Heroin Crisis Merrimack Valley featured Sheep thrills: Shearing festival set for Sunday +2 By Zoe Mathews zmathews@eagletribune.com 22 min ago The state of healthcare  Criminal charges against New Hampshire asbestos removal company dismissed 'Chucky' brings fight to Celtics court Lawrence dad whose young son reported drugs to police is held without bail Chunky monkey on diet after gorging on junk food Official: Cool rivers like Merrimack are tempting but dangerous on hot days Coast Guard halts search in Bermuda Triangle for missing plane with NH pilot Salem Congressman Moulton responds to Trump's 'witch hunt' tweet Sports National Sports Papi's Farewell Local Sports Can You Beat Burt? Hoops Tourney 17 Local Sports Saluting the Commonwealth Motors Unsung Heroes +5 By Michael Muldoon mmuldoon@eagletribune.com 13 hrs ago CLASH OF TITANS: Pinkerton lacrosse edges out Andover in battle of area's best Sports in a minute: Central football featured Commonwealth Motors Captains Corner: Lawrence volleyball, Timberlane softball Sports in a Minute: McCarthy plays for AHL title Final Score: Dean leads way as Andover makes mark Captain Costa: Stellar shortstop helping Jaguars dream of another state title Commonwealth Motors Captains Corner: Greater Lawrence Tech baseball, Pinkerton softball Too little, too late: C's no match for LeBron, Cavs Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Place an Ad Classifieds Local Public Notices Massachusett's Public Notices Community Anniversary Engagements Weddings Births Photos Submit a Celebration Community Club News May 14, 2017 Reunions Community Calendar Club News Reunions Community Calendar Community Calendar Club News Reunions Opinion Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Sound Off Opinion Sound Off 22 hrs ago Action needed to save the bees A conversation with the president Sound Off 'Obama' is Trump's magic word on Twittter Bill would protect Granite State drinking water Sound Off Take care of the dirt, the soil takes care of you Trump's Mexico bashing helps leftist candidate Obituaries Submit an Obituary Submit a Memoriam Shop Coupon Deals Weekly Ads Newspaper Ads Buy Our Photos Public Notices Local Public Notices Massachusetts Public Notices AP Senate chairman: Flynn has not responded to subpoena By CHAD DAY, STEPHEN BRAUN and MARY CLARE JALONICK Associated Press May 18, 2017 Updated 18 hrs ago WASHINGTON (AP) — The chairman of the Senate intelligence committee said Thursday that ousted National Security Adviser Michael Flynn hasn't responded to a subpoena from the panel in its probe of Russia's meddling in the 2016 presidential election. Republican Sen. Richard Burr of North Carolina had to retract a statement made hours earlier that Flynn's lawyer had told the committee he would not comply with the subpoena. Legal experts say it's unlikely Flynn would agree to turn over the personal documents because he would be waiving his constitutional protection against self-incrimination by doing so. Flynn, though his lawyer, had earlier asked for immunity from "unfair prosecution" in exchange for agreeing to cooperate with the committee. Flynn's attorney Robert Kelner did not respond to phone messages and emails seeking comment. The Senate committee is one of several on Capitol Hill investigating possible collusion between Russia and President Donald Trump's 2016 campaign. Flynn is also the target of other congressional investigations as well as an ongoing FBI counterintelligence probe and a separate federal investigation in Virginia. Flynn, a retired Army lieutenant general, was fired from his position as Trump's national security adviser in February. At the time, Trump said he fired Flynn because he misled senior administration officials, including the vice president, about his contacts with Russian officials. The Senate committee issued the subpoena for Flynn's records on May 10 after he declined to cooperate with an April 28 request for documents. That request was similar to ones received by other Trump associates, including former campaign chairman Paul Manafort, Trump associate Roger Stone and former Trump foreign policy adviser Carter Page, a person familiar with the Senate investigation said. That person spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss confidential details of the committee's investigation. Page and Stone shared copies of their request letters with The Associated Press. Those letters sought a wide array of electronic and paper records related to any contacts made between people affiliated with the Trump campaign and Russian officials and businesses. Emails, text messages, letters, phone records and information about financial and real estate holdings associated with Russia were among the information requested by the committee. Nina Ginsberg, a veteran Washington defense attorney with extensive experience in national security cases, said that without an ironclad immunity deal from the committee, Flynn would be exposed to questioning from investigators about any personal documents he gave up. Providing those records to the committee would provide authorities with "a lot more information and the legal basis for questioning him about them," she said. Opening himself up to questioning from Senate investigations would be risky for Flynn given his current legal troubles. Flynn has been under scrutiny from the Justice Department since at least Nov. 30, when the department's Foreign Agent Registration Act unit sent him a letter questioning whether he needed to register as a foreign agent for lobbying work he performed for a Turkish businessman. The letter and initial stories on Flynn's lobbying were first reported by The Daily Caller. Flynn signed a $600,000 contract last August with a Turkish businessman, Ekim Alptekin. The contract called for Flynn's company, Flynn Intel Group, to gather information on a Turkish cleric living in the United States with the aim of getting a criminal referral against him. Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdogan has blamed the cleric, Fethullah Gulen, who lives in Pennsylvania, for a failed coup attempt last summer and has pressured the U.S. to extradite him. The U.S. has rebuffed those calls. Flynn Intel was paid only $530,000 for the work, which ended in November after Trump's election victory. The day of the election, Flynn published a pro-Turkish op-ed, which railed against Gulen, in The Hill newspaper. Flynn has denied the op-ed was related to his Turkish work. The op-ed prompted scrutiny by the Justice Department, and now a full-fledged federal investigation. According to a U.S. official, authorities in the Eastern District of Virginia are examining Flynn's paid foreign consulting work last year for the Turkish-owned company while he was advising Trump's presidential campaign. The official was not authorized to discuss the probe and requested anonymity. The existence of the investigation was first confirmed by CNN, which reported that federal prosecutors recently sent grand jury subpoenas to Flynn associates and contractors who worked with his firm. Alptekin told the AP in an email that he is not a target of the investigation and has not been contacted by authorities. Amid Justice interest, Trump formally chose Flynn as his national security adviser. As the AP reported in March , an attorney for Flynn told Trump's presidential transition team— including now-White House counsel Don McGahn — that Flynn might have to register as a foreign agent. After Trump's inauguration, Flynn's representatives told the White House counsel that Flynn, who was already serving as national security adviser, would be registering with the Justice Department. Flynn finally registered in March, acknowledging his work could have benefited the government of Turkey. The White House has confirmed Flynn's attorney contacted the transition and the counsel's office about his possible foreign agent registration. But a White House official has said McGahn and others were not aware of the full details of Flynn's Turkish work. Flynn is separately being investigated by the Defense Department's inspector general. That inquiry is looking into whether Flynn was fully forthcoming about his foreign contacts and earnings from organizations linked to the governments of Russia and Turkey. The top Democrat and Republican on a House oversight committee have said Flynn likely broke federal law by failing to get approval from the U.S. government to accept foreign payments, including $33,000 in 2015 from RT, Russia's state-sponsored television network. RT has been branded a propaganda outlet by U.S. intelligence officials. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags Government And Politics Elections Subpoenas Law And Order General News Legislature Presidential Elections National Elections National Security Military And Defense Political Corruption Political Issues Criminal Investigations Crime Corporate Legal Affairs Corporate News Business Locations Russia Eastern Europe Europe District Of Columbia United States North America Turkey Western Europe Middle East ADVERTISERS North of Boston Magazines Our magazines highlight people, places and events in our North of Boston communities.Read Our Magazines Featured Homes of the Week Trading places in Massachusetts Text Alerts Sign Up Get text messages on your mobile phone with news, weather and more from The Eagle-Tribune.Sign up Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles Lawrence movie theater becomes a major movie set  Lawrence boy, 11, finds drugs in dad's luggage, calls police, chief says Rivera fires cop who took home a gun he seized To hear his heart beating once more Derry police arrest man who drove through house, mobile petting zoo Second Central Catholic staffer resigns following misconduct investigation  The timeline of a short life Sister who posted bail in EBT fraud case asks for money back Andover man killed by train identified BREAKING: Man shot in Methuen home invasion is expected to survive, police say Images Videos Sorry, there are no recent results for popular videos. Commented Sorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles. Twitter Tweets by eagletrib Connect with Us Buy our photos To view or purchase photos, visit photos.northofboston.com. First Amendment: Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances. Contact Information eagletribune.com 100 Turnpike St. North Andover, MA 01845 Phone: 978-946-2000 Email: news@eagletribune.com Services About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Submission Forms Advertiser Index Sections Home News Sports Community Opinion Obituaries Photos Public Notices Video Gallery Weather © Copyright 2017 Eagle-Tribune, 100 Turnpike St. North Andover, MA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Entrepreneur Mahesh Lingareddy Joins SitterFriends as Investor and Advisor SAN FRANCISCO–(BUSINESS WIRE)–SitterFriends announced that Mahesh Lingareddy, founder of Soft Machines Inc (now owned by Intel) and founder of Smartron, an OEM and IOT company, joined SitterFriends as investor and advisor. SitterFriends, launching in June, aims to bring innovation to childcare, allowing parents to find help that is trustworthy, and affordable but also quickly accessible. A groundbreaking product in the childcare space, SitterFriends will allow parents to find their perfect match in a nanny but also feel at ease while the nanny provides care after the initial matching is done. We sat down with Mahesh to ask about his involvement with SitterFriends. How are you involved? I have a long standing relationship with the co-founders of SitterFriends Fahad Jalal, and Amit Jain. They worked with me when I was at Soft Machines, and because I believe in them, I wanted to get behind the team and their product. When they decided to go forward with SitterFriends I became one of the early investors in the company. I am also on the advisory board and meet with the key team members on a regular basis to discuss strategy, product and marketing. From CPU Design (Soft Machines) to Consumer Hardware (Smartron) to now childcare. Why the investment in a childcare company? Childcare and senior care are big markets in the US and around the world, largely untapped and fragmented. There is a lot of opportunity to bring both software and hardware innovation to solve some of the biggest problems in these markets, and I believe SitterFriends is going to do this. My involvement is largely due to my background in the consumer and industrial hardware. In the coming months the team will unveil some of the things we have been working on to make child care and senior care safer and richer leveraging various smart, sensor, IoT and AI technologies. Thank you Mahesh, for your input on SitterFriends. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Inauguration of the extension project of the Ridge Hospital in Accra Next PostNext Photo of Dolby Laboratories CEO Kevin Yeaman Joining the Downtown Streets Team Available on Business Wire’s Website and the Associated Press Photo Network Search Recent Posts Global Low Harmonic Drives Market to Grow at a CAGR of 4.76% to 2021 Pantoprazole Sodium (CAS 138786-67-1) Professional Survey Report in Forecast to 2022 Health Tech Startup SAFKAN Wins $145,000 Grand Prize at Seattle Angel Conference XI Thom Ross “My Last Conversation with Albert Ball” New Paintings Protein For Fitness Offers Exercise Enthusiasts a One-Stop Reference for Reviews, News, and More Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
News Sports Entertainment Classifieds 75° Full Menu 75° Home Customer Service Customer Service Subscribe Activate Your Account Account Support E-Edition Mobile Apps Newsletters The Sun News Store FAQ Cancel SunValues Delivery Tourism Site Plan All Tourist Info Vacation Planner Calendar Where to Stay Ask a Local Festivals Guide Best of the Area Play Nightlife Golf Shopping Shows Myrtle Beach Blog Restaurants Obituaries News All News Local News Crime/Courts Business State News Nation/World Weird News More News Politics Neighbors Myrtle Beach Bike Rallies Submit A News Tip Issac Bailey Tourism News Real Estate News Sports All Sports High Schools Coastal Carolina Recreation Golf MB Pelicans Auto Racing More Sports College Sports NFL MLB MB Marathon Toast Of The Coast Green Reading Blog The Roost Blog Politics Politics Opinion All Opinion Letters To The Editor Submit A Letter Editorial Cartoons Columns & Blogs A Different World Celia Rivenbark Bob Bestler The Editor's Desk Living All Living Coasting Neighbors Food Best Of The Beach Announcements Religion Travel Pets Home & Garden Entertainment All Entertainment Kicks! Best Of The Beach Movies Calendar Contests More Entertainment Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Celebrities Music TV Surge Legals Cars Jobs Moonlighting Homes Classifieds Classified Ads Shopping About Us FILE - In this Jan. 3, 2017, file photo, Michael Flynn, then - President-elect Donald Trump's nominee for National Security Adviser arrives at Trump Tower in New York. Andrew Harnik, File AP Photo FILE - In this Jan. 3, 2017, file photo, Michael Flynn, then - President-elect Donald Trump's nominee for National Security Adviser arrives at Trump Tower in New York. Andrew Harnik, File AP Photo National Business May 18, 2017 8:10 PM Senate chairman: Flynn has not responded to subpoena By CHAD DAY, STEPHEN BRAUN and MARY CLARE JALONICK Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story WASHINGTON The chairman of the Senate intelligence committee said Thursday that ousted National Security Adviser Michael Flynn hasn't responded to a subpoena from the panel in its probe of Russia's meddling in the 2016 presidential election. Republican Sen. Richard Burr of North Carolina had to retract a statement made hours earlier that Flynn's lawyer had told the committee he would not comply with the subpoena. Legal experts say it's unlikely Flynn would agree to turn over the personal documents because he would be waiving his constitutional protection against self-incrimination by doing so. Flynn, though his lawyer, had earlier asked for immunity from "unfair prosecution" in exchange for agreeing to cooperate with the committee. Flynn's attorney Robert Kelner did not respond to phone messages and emails seeking comment. The Senate committee is one of several on Capitol Hill investigating possible collusion between Russia and President Donald Trump's 2016 campaign. Flynn is also the target of other congressional investigations as well as an ongoing FBI counterintelligence probe and a separate federal investigation in Virginia. Flynn, a retired Army lieutenant general, was fired from his position as Trump's national security adviser in February. At the time, Trump said he fired Flynn because he misled senior administration officials, including the vice president, about his contacts with Russian officials. The Senate committee issued the subpoena for Flynn's records on May 10 after he declined to cooperate with an April 28 request for documents. That request was similar to ones received by other Trump associates, including former campaign chairman Paul Manafort, Trump associate Roger Stone and former Trump foreign policy adviser Carter Page, a person familiar with the Senate investigation said. That person spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss confidential details of the committee's investigation. Page and Stone shared copies of their request letters with The Associated Press. Those letters sought a wide array of electronic and paper records related to any contacts made between people affiliated with the Trump campaign and Russian officials and businesses. Emails, text messages, letters, phone records and information about financial and real estate holdings associated with Russia were among the information requested by the committee. Nina Ginsberg, a veteran Washington defense attorney with extensive experience in national security cases, said that without an ironclad immunity deal from the committee, Flynn would be exposed to questioning from investigators about any personal documents he gave up. Providing those records to the committee would provide authorities with "a lot more information and the legal basis for questioning him about them," she said. Opening himself up to questioning from Senate investigations would be risky for Flynn given his current legal troubles. Flynn has been under scrutiny from the Justice Department since at least Nov. 30, when the department's Foreign Agent Registration Act unit sent him a letter questioning whether he needed to register as a foreign agent for lobbying work he performed for a Turkish businessman. The letter and initial stories on Flynn's lobbying were first reported by The Daily Caller. Flynn signed a $600,000 contract last August with a Turkish businessman, Ekim Alptekin. The contract called for Flynn's company, Flynn Intel Group, to gather information on a Turkish cleric living in the United States with the aim of getting a criminal referral against him. Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdogan has blamed the cleric, Fethullah Gulen, who lives in Pennsylvania, for a failed coup attempt last summer and has pressured the U.S. to extradite him. The U.S. has rebuffed those calls. Flynn Intel was paid only $530,000 for the work, which ended in November after Trump's election victory. The day of the election, Flynn published a pro-Turkish op-ed, which railed against Gulen, in The Hill newspaper. Flynn has denied the op-ed was related to his Turkish work. The op-ed prompted scrutiny by the Justice Department, and now a full-fledged federal investigation. According to a U.S. official, authorities in the Eastern District of Virginia are examining Flynn's paid foreign consulting work last year for the Turkish-owned company while he was advising Trump's presidential campaign. The official was not authorized to discuss the probe and requested anonymity. The existence of the investigation was first confirmed by CNN, which reported that federal prosecutors recently sent grand jury subpoenas to Flynn associates and contractors who worked with his firm. Alptekin told the AP in an email that he is not a target of the investigation and has not been contacted by authorities. Amid Justice interest, Trump formally chose Flynn as his national security adviser. As the AP reported in March , an attorney for Flynn told Trump's presidential transition team— including now-White House counsel Don McGahn — that Flynn might have to register as a foreign agent. After Trump's inauguration, Flynn's representatives told the White House counsel that Flynn, who was already serving as national security adviser, would be registering with the Justice Department. Flynn finally registered in March, acknowledging his work could have benefited the government of Turkey. The White House has confirmed Flynn's attorney contacted the transition and the counsel's office about his possible foreign agent registration. But a White House official has said McGahn and others were not aware of the full details of Flynn's Turkish work. Flynn is separately being investigated by the Defense Department's inspector general. That inquiry is looking into whether Flynn was fully forthcoming about his foreign contacts and earnings from organizations linked to the governments of Russia and Turkey. The top Democrat and Republican on a House oversight committee have said Flynn likely broke federal law by failing to get approval from the U.S. government to accept foreign payments, including $33,000 in 2015 from RT, Russia's state-sponsored television network. RT has been branded a propaganda outlet by U.S. intelligence officials. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a year ago Free credit scores and credit monitoring: a cautionary tale 1:11 a year ago Free credit scores and credit monitoring: a cautionary tale 0:45 3 hours ago XCON World at MB Convention Center 2:11 3 hours ago CCU's Cooke talks about his contribution (Video) View More Video National Business The Latest: Conservative beats centrist in SC House primary Unemployment rates hit record lows in 3 states California proposes new rules after natural gas blowout GOP plans to send Dayton second round of budget bills The Latest: Gas tax wins 'deadest bill' of session National Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Shopping Local Deals More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
News Sports Business Food Alert 62° Full Menu Alert 62° Home Customer Service Customer Service Newsletters Obituaries News All News Local news Crime Politics The Buzz C. W. Gusewelle Nation & World 913 816 North Homicide KC Community Faces Mary Sanchez Eyewitness Weird News Video Photos Sports All Sports Chiefs Royals Royals photos Sporting KC FC Kansas City Kansas Missouri K-State High School Scores & Stats NASCAR Outdoors NBA Buy Tickets Blogs & Columns K Zone Judging the Royals Red Zone The Full 90 Campus Corner For Pete's Sake Sam Mellinger Vahe Gregorian Politics Politics Elections Opinion All Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Colleen Nelson Derek Donovan Dave Helling Melinda Henneberger Steve Kraske Mary Sanchez Steve Rose Guest commentary Syndicated columnists Submit a Letter Entertainment Entertainment Ink Events Arts & Culture Music Back to Rockville Comics Stargazing Puzzles & Games Movies Horoscopes Arts TV Restaurants Books Star TV listings Business All Business Cityscape Development Workplace Personal Finance National/International Technology Kids & Money Project: Downtown KC's revival Living All Living Chow Town Eat & Drink House & Home Jenee Osterheldt KC Gardens Advice columns Faith Travel Family Apps & Mobile True Blue app Red Zone Extra Star news apps Extra Time KC E-Star Shopping Cars Contests Jobs Moonlighting Homes All Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Spaces KC KC Weddings Contact us FILE - In this Jan. 3, 2017, file photo, Michael Flynn, then - President-elect Donald Trump's nominee for National Security Adviser arrives at Trump Tower in New York. Andrew Harnik, File AP Photo FILE - In this Jan. 3, 2017, file photo, Michael Flynn, then - President-elect Donald Trump's nominee for National Security Adviser arrives at Trump Tower in New York. Andrew Harnik, File AP Photo Nation & World May 18, 2017 7:10 PM Senate chairman: Flynn has not responded to subpoena By CHAD DAY, STEPHEN BRAUN and MARY CLARE JALONICK Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story WASHINGTON The chairman of the Senate intelligence committee said Thursday that ousted National Security Adviser Michael Flynn hasn't responded to a subpoena from the panel in its probe of Russia's meddling in the 2016 presidential election. Republican Sen. Richard Burr of North Carolina had to retract a statement made hours earlier that Flynn's lawyer had told the committee he would not comply with the subpoena. Legal experts say it's unlikely Flynn would agree to turn over the personal documents because he would be waiving his constitutional protection against self-incrimination by doing so. Flynn, though his lawyer, had earlier asked for immunity from "unfair prosecution" in exchange for agreeing to cooperate with the committee. Flynn's attorney Robert Kelner did not respond to phone messages and emails seeking comment. The Senate committee is one of several on Capitol Hill investigating possible collusion between Russia and President Donald Trump's 2016 campaign. Flynn is also the target of other congressional investigations as well as an ongoing FBI counterintelligence probe and a separate federal investigation in Virginia. Flynn, a retired Army lieutenant general, was fired from his position as Trump's national security adviser in February. At the time, Trump said he fired Flynn because he misled senior administration officials, including the vice president, about his contacts with Russian officials. The Senate committee issued the subpoena for Flynn's records on May 10 after he declined to cooperate with an April 28 request for documents. That request was similar to ones received by other Trump associates, including former campaign chairman Paul Manafort, Trump associate Roger Stone and former Trump foreign policy adviser Carter Page, a person familiar with the Senate investigation said. That person spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss confidential details of the committee's investigation. Page and Stone shared copies of their request letters with The Associated Press. Those letters sought a wide array of electronic and paper records related to any contacts made between people affiliated with the Trump campaign and Russian officials and businesses. Emails, text messages, letters, phone records and information about financial and real estate holdings associated with Russia were among the information requested by the committee. Nina Ginsberg, a veteran Washington defense attorney with extensive experience in national security cases, said that without an ironclad immunity deal from the committee, Flynn would be exposed to questioning from investigators about any personal documents he gave up. Providing those records to the committee would provide authorities with "a lot more information and the legal basis for questioning him about them," she said. Opening himself up to questioning from Senate investigations would be risky for Flynn given his current legal troubles. Flynn has been under scrutiny from the Justice Department since at least Nov. 30, when the department's Foreign Agent Registration Act unit sent him a letter questioning whether he needed to register as a foreign agent for lobbying work he performed for a Turkish businessman. The letter and initial stories on Flynn's lobbying were first reported by The Daily Caller. Flynn signed a $600,000 contract last August with a Turkish businessman, Ekim Alptekin. The contract called for Flynn's company, Flynn Intel Group, to gather information on a Turkish cleric living in the United States with the aim of getting a criminal referral against him. Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdogan has blamed the cleric, Fethullah Gulen, who lives in Pennsylvania, for a failed coup attempt last summer and has pressured the U.S. to extradite him. The U.S. has rebuffed those calls. Flynn Intel was paid only $530,000 for the work, which ended in November after Trump's election victory. The day of the election, Flynn published a pro-Turkish op-ed, which railed against Gulen, in The Hill newspaper. Flynn has denied the op-ed was related to his Turkish work. The op-ed prompted scrutiny by the Justice Department, and now a full-fledged federal investigation. According to a U.S. official, authorities in the Eastern District of Virginia are examining Flynn's paid foreign consulting work last year for the Turkish-owned company while he was advising Trump's presidential campaign. The official was not authorized to discuss the probe and requested anonymity. The existence of the investigation was first confirmed by CNN, which reported that federal prosecutors recently sent grand jury subpoenas to Flynn associates and contractors who worked with his firm. Alptekin told the AP in an email that he is not a target of the investigation and has not been contacted by authorities. Amid Justice interest, Trump formally chose Flynn as his national security adviser. As the AP reported in March , an attorney for Flynn told Trump's presidential transition team— including now-White House counsel Don McGahn — that Flynn might have to register as a foreign agent. After Trump's inauguration, Flynn's representatives told the White House counsel that Flynn, who was already serving as national security adviser, would be registering with the Justice Department. Flynn finally registered in March, acknowledging his work could have benefited the government of Turkey. The White House has confirmed Flynn's attorney contacted the transition and the counsel's office about his possible foreign agent registration. But a White House official has said McGahn and others were not aware of the full details of Flynn's Turkish work. Flynn is separately being investigated by the Defense Department's inspector general. That inquiry is looking into whether Flynn was fully forthcoming about his foreign contacts and earnings from organizations linked to the governments of Russia and Turkey. The top Democrat and Republican on a House oversight committee have said Flynn likely broke federal law by failing to get approval from the U.S. government to accept foreign payments, including $33,000 in 2015 from RT, Russia's state-sponsored television network. RT has been branded a propaganda outlet by U.S. intelligence officials. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a day ago Split second decision by Colorado officer captured on video 2:19 a day ago Split second decision by Colorado officer captured on video 2:34 a day ago Shoplifting suspect drives SUV into building with arresting officer 1:14 2 days ago Witnesses capture Texas tornado form and dissipate View More Video Nation & World Colorado governor pardons felon to stave off deportation The Latest: Passengers say man acted oddly before takeoff Bandy leads surging Brewers to 6-3 victory over Cubs Conductor booted from own concert hall for ... carrying daughter’s violin case Alabama's GOP approves new maps; Dems vow repeat court fight Nation & World Nation & World Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Home Delivery E-Star Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Newspapers in Education Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Mobile apps and E-Star Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Advertising information Print Digital Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
SHOP MOBILE SITE SEND US TIPS JOIN LOG IN Search all All News Features Blogs Forums CATEGORIES Reviews News Blogs Images Shop COMPONENTS All Components Recent additions: AMD Ryzen 5 1600X And 1500X Processor Review: Affordable Zen Takes On Core i5 AMD Ryzen Game Optimization Begins: Ashes Of The Singularity Patched And Tested Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Benchmark First Look, A Mobile Powerhouse Emerges Processors Recent additions: AMD Ryzen 5 1600X And 1500X Processor Review: Affordable Zen Takes On Core i5 AMD Ryzen Game Optimization Begins: Ashes Of The Singularity Patched And Tested Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Benchmark First Look, A Mobile Powerhouse Emerges Graphics/Sound Recent additions: EVGA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti SC2 GAMING Review: Dialing-In On Performance NVIDIA Volta-Powered DGX-1 And DGX Station AI Supercomputers Debut At GTC 2017 MSI GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Gaming X 11G Review: Blazing-Fast And Custom Cooled Motherboards Recent additions: AMD Announces X300 And X370 AM4 Motherboards For Ryzen Processors, All Chips Unlocked Gigabyte Z170X-Designare Motherboard Review: Affordable, High-Tech, Great Performance Rivet Networks Killer E2500 Gigabit Ethernet For Gamers With Advanced QoS Tested Storage Recent additions: Micron 5100 ECO and MAX SSD Review: High-Capacity, Affordable Datacenter Storage Intel Optane Memory With 3D XPoint Review: Easy, Robust PC Acceleration Samsung EVO Plus microSDXC 128GB Card Rips File Transfers Up To 100MB/s Misc Recent additions: Hykso Punch Trackers Review: Boxing Meets Wearable Technology Netgear Nighthawk X10 Wireless AD7200 Router Review [Updated] The Best Of CES 2017 SYSTEMS All Systems Recent additions: Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big Gaming Performance In A Small Package Maingear Vybe Review: Dual GTX 1070s And Kaby Lake Cranked To 5GHz The Best Of CES 2017 Desktops Recent additions: Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big Gaming Performance In A Small Package Maingear Vybe Review: Dual GTX 1070s And Kaby Lake Cranked To 5GHz Dell XPS 27 (7760) All-In-One Desktop Review: 4K Touch And Wired For Sound DIY Recent additions: Gigabyte Brix S GB-BSi5HT-6200 Ultra Compact SFF PC Review New Matter MOD-t 3D Printer Review: Low Cost, User-Friendly Creation AMD Powered Star Wars Battlefront Radeon 380X-Powered Gaming PC Build Small Form Factor Recent additions: Lenovo Annouces ThinkStation P320 Workstations With Kaby Lake And Quadro Graphics For VR Developers Gigabyte BRIX Gaming UHD Review With Teardown And Rebuild Action Intel Compute Stick Core m3 Review: Skylake On A Thumbstick IT/ENTERPRISE All IT/Enterprise Recent additions: AMD Naples Zen Platform Makes ‘EPYC’ Debut For Data Center Market Intel Announces Xeon Scalable Processor Family Based On Skylake-SP Toshiba's Non-Encrypted HK4 SSDs Now Shipping In High Performance NetApp SolidFire Data Center Products Workstation Recent additions: Aquantia Launches Multi-Gigabit NICs For Enthusiast-Class PCs and Professional Workstations Intel Kaby Lake Xeon E3-1200 Family Takes Flight Lenovo Annouces ThinkStation P320 Workstations With Kaby Lake And Quadro Graphics For VR Developers Data Center/SMB Recent additions: AMD Naples Zen Platform Makes ‘EPYC’ Debut For Data Center Market Intel Announces Xeon Scalable Processor Family Based On Skylake-SP Toshiba's Non-Encrypted HK4 SSDs Now Shipping In High Performance NetApp SolidFire Data Center Products Cloud Recent additions: Microsoft Legal Marijuana Tracking Software Has A Serious Case Of The Munchies ProtectWise Builds Security As A Service Platform With DVR Playback And Jacks You Into The Matrix NVIDIA Launches GeForce NOW Game Streaming Service Software Recent additions: Microsoft CodePlex Open Source Repository Closing, Devs Urged To Embrace Github Microsoft Rolls Out Wake On LAN For Easier Remote Windows 10 Updates Google Chrome For macOS Gains Enhanced Safe Browsing Malware Protection MOBILE All Mobile Recent additions: Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review: Optimized Mobility Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium Android Productivity And Entertainment HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Notebooks Recent additions: Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review: Optimized Mobility HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming Review: Great Battery Life, Strong Performance, Affordable Price Smartphones Recent additions: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: Android Excellence In Performance And Design LG G6 Review: Design Elegance And Efficiency A Winning Combination Australian Regulators Sue Apple Over Fatal Error 53 Bricking Of Repaired iPhones Tablets Recent additions: Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium Android Productivity And Entertainment HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Dell XPS 13 2-In-1 Review - Portable And Flexible Living On The Infinity Edge Gadgets Recent additions: GoPro Fusion Spherical 360 Degree VR 5.2K Camera Launching 2H 2017 Hykso Punch Trackers Review: Boxing Meets Wearable Technology Amazfit Pace GPS Smartwatch Review: Sleek, Attractive, And Great Battery Life LEISURE All Leisure Recent additions: Sole Surviving Nintendo PlayStation Rare Prototype Is Now Fully Functional Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Razer Lancehead eSports Gaming Mouse Promises Unmatched Wireless Performance Entertainment Recent additions: Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Google Launches $35/Month YouTube TV Streaming Service For Discerning Cord Cutters NVIDIA SHIELD TV (2017) Review: Smart Home, 4K HDR, And Game Streaming Gaming Recent additions: Sole Surviving Nintendo PlayStation Rare Prototype Is Now Fully Functional Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Razer Lancehead eSports Gaming Mouse Promises Unmatched Wireless Performance Social Recent additions: Tinder Users Outaged As Machine Learning App Scrapes And Exposes 40,000 Profile Photos Merriam-Webster Adds ‘Sheeple’ To Dictionary Citing Apple Fans As Prime Examples Twitter Getting Rid Of The Default Egg Profile Picture That Has A Bad Actor Reputation VIDEOS All videos 2.5 Geeks Reviews/How Tos FORUMS BLOGS Shop Subscribe TRENDING: Vega AMD ThreadRipper AMD EPYC Microsoft Surface Radeon RX 580 Samsung Galaxy S8 home Mobile Notebooks by Paul Lilly — Thursday, April 20, 2017 HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Article Index:    HP Spectre x360 15: Introduction And Specifications HP Spectre x360 15: Design, Build Quality And Software Spectre x360 15: SiSoft SANDRA, ATTO Disk And SunSpider Testing Spectre x360 a5: Cinebench And PCMark 8 Benchmarks Spectre x360 15: 3DMark And Far Cry 2 Benchmarks Spectre x360 15: Battery Life, How We Test And Acoustics Final Thoughts On The HP Spectre x360 15 HP Spectre x360 15: Introduction And Specifications HP is not one to let the weeds grow under its feet, at least not when it comes to its Spectre x360 line. The company it has no problem changing things up in an effort to keep its premium ultraportable hip and trendy. Having already gone through a few mild wardrobe changes over the past few years, the newest iteration of the Spectre x360 brings another slightly different look than last year's model -- one that is perhaps more refined and mature. It retains the gold accents introduced by its predecessor, but does not flaunt them quite as loudly. Other upgrades are not as subtle. HP continues to offer the Spectre x360 in 13.3-inch and 15.6-inch form factors, the latter of which we're reviewing here, but what's new here is a 4K Ultra HD display upgrade on the larger model. This is powered by another new addition, a discrete NVIDIA GeForce 940MX GPU that is also exclusive to the 15.6-inch model. HP seems to have taken a page out of Apple's playbook by limiting certain amenities to the bigger (and pricier) SKU, though an argument could be made that a 4K display is more befitting of a 15.6-inch panel. Why not roll with a modern generation GPU based on NVIDIA's Pascal architecture? We suspect it has to do with the value proposition. This particular configuration, which you can purchase at Best Buy or customize on HP's website, runs about $1,500. That's premium territory, but it's also several hundred dollars less than what some similarly configured laptops toting GeForce 10 series GPUs go for. While the on-board graphics are from last generation, the CPU inside is based on Intel's latest 7th generation Core architecture (Kaby Lake). More specifically, it wields a Core i7-7500U processor running at 2.7GHz (base) to 3.5GHz (Turbo). This is a dual-core chip with Hyper Threading support, 4MB of cache, and a low 15W TDP. It strikes a nice balance between power and price, with the ability to ramp up to 3.5GHz when demanding tasks call for processing muscle. Having a discrete GPU paired with a Kaby Lake processor gives the Spectre x360 15 the versatility to tackle a wide range of chores, but it does not end there. Underneath those good looks is a functional 2-in-1 design that allows this laptop to transform into a Windows 10 tablet. It even comes with an HP Active Stylus. We will cover these traits in more detail on the following pages along with performance metrics from our gauntlet of benchmarks. Before we do that though, let's have a look at the specs... HP Spectre x360 15 (2017) Specifications & Features Processor Options 7th Gen Intel Core i7-7500U (4MB Cache, 2.7Ghz to 3.5GHz) Display 15.6-inch diagonal 4K Ultra HD (3840x2160) UWVA eDP BrightView WLED-backlit w/ touch support Graphics NVIDIA GeForce 940MX w/ 2GB GDDR5 Memory 16GB DDR4 2133MHz (2x8GB) Storage 512GB PCIe NVMe M.2 Solid State Drive Optical N/A Ethernet N/A WiFi Intel® Dual Band Wireless-AC + Bluetooth 4.2 Interface (Left) USB 3.1 Gen1 (Type-A), Headphone/Microphone, Power Button, SD Card Reader Interface (Right) Thunderbolt 3 (Data up to 40GB/s, Power Deliver, DisplayPort 1.2, HP Sleep and Charge), USB 3.1 Gen1 (Type-C), HDMI, Volume Rocker Interface (Top) N/A Webcam HP Wide Vision Full HD IR Camera with Dual array digital microphone Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Battery 6-cell Lithium Ion (79.2 WHr) Dimensions Height: 0.7” / Width: 14” / Depth: 9.88” Weight 4.42 pounds Warranty 1 Year limited hardware warranty, 90 day phone support Pricing $1,499.99 as configured The SKU that HP sent us is available at Best Buy, though you can hop on HP's website and configure the same setup for the same price. Either way, there's a fair amount of high-end hardware here for the price, including a fast 512GB NVMe M.2 SSD and 16GB of DDR4-2133 RAM. It's nice to see that HP isn't skimping on storage or RAM capacity. It's also worth noting that since this setup comes with a discrete GPU, none of the system memory has to be allocated to graphics. In addition the stylus that comes with the system, HP also includes a sleeve. What's not included, however, are any adapters. HP offers several on its website, including a USB Type-C to RJ45 (Ethernet) adapter for $50, if you think you'll need it. NEXT PAGE Article Index:    HP Spectre x360 15: Introduction And Specifications HP Spectre x360 15: Design, Build Quality And Software Spectre x360 15: SiSoft SANDRA, ATTO Disk And SunSpider Testing Spectre x360 a5: Cinebench And PCMark 8 Benchmarks Spectre x360 15: 3DMark And Far Cry 2 Benchmarks Spectre x360 15: Battery Life, How We Test And Acoustics Final Thoughts On The HP Spectre x360 15 Tags:  Notebook, HP, laptop, tablet, ultraportable, convertible, review, spectre x360 15 Image gallery Related content Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review: Optimized Mobility Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium Android Productivity And Entertainment Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: Android Excellence In Performance And Design LG G6 Review: Design Elegance And Efficiency A Winning Combination Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming Review: Great Battery Life, Strong Performance, Affordable Price Comments Show comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Follow Us: Twitter Facebook RSS Email YouTube AppStore Google+ 85K 9K 4K 25K CONVERSATIONS Monster Intel 12-Core i9-7920X Leaked...34 AMD Radeon Vega Frontier Edition...20 AMD 16-Core ThreadRipper Enthusiast CPUs...11 Aquantia Launches Multi-Gigabit NICs For...11 Intel Kills Rumors Of ‘Confirmed’ GPU...11 AMD Ryzen 9 Threadripper Enthusiast CPU...10 Security Researcher Temporarily Stops...9 FEATURED Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review:... Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium... EVGA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti SC2 GAMING... Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big... MSI GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Gaming X 11G... Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice... Micron 5100 ECO and MAX SSD Review:... FAVORITES 6 TB Hard Drive Round-Up: WD Red, WD...781k Intel Core i7-6700K And Z170 Chipset...634k Intel SSD 750 Series PCIe SSD Review:...574k Dell XPS 13 (2015) Ultrabook Review,...549k AMD Ryzen Review: Ryzen 7 1800X, 1700X,...525k Alienware X51 R3 Review: Console-Sized...520k Alienware Area 51: Triad, Tri-SLI GTX...445k Getting A GeForce GTX 1080 Ti? Absolutely! No thanks Current NVIDIA card Current AMD card Vega for me Next GeForce please More Results MORE HOT STUFF IN MOBILE Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review:... Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium... Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: Android... LG G6 Review: Design Elegance And... Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming Review:... Dell XPS 15 (9560) Review: More... Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Benchmark First... Follow @HotHardware SITE Home Reviews News Blogs Images Mobile Site Sitemap CATEGORIES Components Systems IT/Enterprise Mobile Leisure Videos COMPANY About Advertise News Tips Contact MORE Forums Shop STAY CONNECTED Twitter Facebook Google + YouTube Feedburner This site is intended for informational and entertainment purposes only. The contents are the views and opinion of the author and/or his associates. All products and trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Reproduction in whole or in part, in any form or medium, without express written permission of HotHardware.com, LLC. is prohibited. All content and graphical elements are Copyright © 1999 - 2017 David Altavilla and HotHardware.com, LLC. All rights reserved. Privacy and Terms Subscribe to HH News Alerts! Preview Email Address
SHOP MOBILE SITE SEND US TIPS JOIN LOG IN Search all All News Features Blogs Forums CATEGORIES Reviews News Blogs Images Shop COMPONENTS All Components Recent additions: AMD Ryzen 5 1600X And 1500X Processor Review: Affordable Zen Takes On Core i5 AMD Ryzen Game Optimization Begins: Ashes Of The Singularity Patched And Tested Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Benchmark First Look, A Mobile Powerhouse Emerges Processors Recent additions: AMD Ryzen 5 1600X And 1500X Processor Review: Affordable Zen Takes On Core i5 AMD Ryzen Game Optimization Begins: Ashes Of The Singularity Patched And Tested Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Benchmark First Look, A Mobile Powerhouse Emerges Graphics/Sound Recent additions: EVGA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti SC2 GAMING Review: Dialing-In On Performance NVIDIA Volta-Powered DGX-1 And DGX Station AI Supercomputers Debut At GTC 2017 MSI GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Gaming X 11G Review: Blazing-Fast And Custom Cooled Motherboards Recent additions: AMD Announces X300 And X370 AM4 Motherboards For Ryzen Processors, All Chips Unlocked Gigabyte Z170X-Designare Motherboard Review: Affordable, High-Tech, Great Performance Rivet Networks Killer E2500 Gigabit Ethernet For Gamers With Advanced QoS Tested Storage Recent additions: Micron 5100 ECO and MAX SSD Review: High-Capacity, Affordable Datacenter Storage Intel Optane Memory With 3D XPoint Review: Easy, Robust PC Acceleration Samsung EVO Plus microSDXC 128GB Card Rips File Transfers Up To 100MB/s Misc Recent additions: Hykso Punch Trackers Review: Boxing Meets Wearable Technology Netgear Nighthawk X10 Wireless AD7200 Router Review [Updated] The Best Of CES 2017 SYSTEMS All Systems Recent additions: Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big Gaming Performance In A Small Package Maingear Vybe Review: Dual GTX 1070s And Kaby Lake Cranked To 5GHz The Best Of CES 2017 Desktops Recent additions: Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big Gaming Performance In A Small Package Maingear Vybe Review: Dual GTX 1070s And Kaby Lake Cranked To 5GHz Dell XPS 27 (7760) All-In-One Desktop Review: 4K Touch And Wired For Sound DIY Recent additions: Gigabyte Brix S GB-BSi5HT-6200 Ultra Compact SFF PC Review New Matter MOD-t 3D Printer Review: Low Cost, User-Friendly Creation AMD Powered Star Wars Battlefront Radeon 380X-Powered Gaming PC Build Small Form Factor Recent additions: Lenovo Annouces ThinkStation P320 Workstations With Kaby Lake And Quadro Graphics For VR Developers Gigabyte BRIX Gaming UHD Review With Teardown And Rebuild Action Intel Compute Stick Core m3 Review: Skylake On A Thumbstick IT/ENTERPRISE All IT/Enterprise Recent additions: AMD Naples Zen Platform Makes ‘EPYC’ Debut For Data Center Market Intel Announces Xeon Scalable Processor Family Based On Skylake-SP Toshiba's Non-Encrypted HK4 SSDs Now Shipping In High Performance NetApp SolidFire Data Center Products Workstation Recent additions: Aquantia Launches Multi-Gigabit NICs For Enthusiast-Class PCs and Professional Workstations Intel Kaby Lake Xeon E3-1200 Family Takes Flight Lenovo Annouces ThinkStation P320 Workstations With Kaby Lake And Quadro Graphics For VR Developers Data Center/SMB Recent additions: AMD Naples Zen Platform Makes ‘EPYC’ Debut For Data Center Market Intel Announces Xeon Scalable Processor Family Based On Skylake-SP Toshiba's Non-Encrypted HK4 SSDs Now Shipping In High Performance NetApp SolidFire Data Center Products Cloud Recent additions: Microsoft Legal Marijuana Tracking Software Has A Serious Case Of The Munchies ProtectWise Builds Security As A Service Platform With DVR Playback And Jacks You Into The Matrix NVIDIA Launches GeForce NOW Game Streaming Service Software Recent additions: Microsoft CodePlex Open Source Repository Closing, Devs Urged To Embrace Github Microsoft Rolls Out Wake On LAN For Easier Remote Windows 10 Updates Google Chrome For macOS Gains Enhanced Safe Browsing Malware Protection MOBILE All Mobile Recent additions: Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review: Optimized Mobility Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium Android Productivity And Entertainment HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Notebooks Recent additions: Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review: Optimized Mobility HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming Review: Great Battery Life, Strong Performance, Affordable Price Smartphones Recent additions: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: Android Excellence In Performance And Design LG G6 Review: Design Elegance And Efficiency A Winning Combination Australian Regulators Sue Apple Over Fatal Error 53 Bricking Of Repaired iPhones Tablets Recent additions: Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium Android Productivity And Entertainment HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Dell XPS 13 2-In-1 Review - Portable And Flexible Living On The Infinity Edge Gadgets Recent additions: GoPro Fusion Spherical 360 Degree VR 5.2K Camera Launching 2H 2017 Hykso Punch Trackers Review: Boxing Meets Wearable Technology Amazfit Pace GPS Smartwatch Review: Sleek, Attractive, And Great Battery Life LEISURE All Leisure Recent additions: Sole Surviving Nintendo PlayStation Rare Prototype Is Now Fully Functional Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Razer Lancehead eSports Gaming Mouse Promises Unmatched Wireless Performance Entertainment Recent additions: Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Google Launches $35/Month YouTube TV Streaming Service For Discerning Cord Cutters NVIDIA SHIELD TV (2017) Review: Smart Home, 4K HDR, And Game Streaming Gaming Recent additions: Sole Surviving Nintendo PlayStation Rare Prototype Is Now Fully Functional Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Razer Lancehead eSports Gaming Mouse Promises Unmatched Wireless Performance Social Recent additions: Tinder Users Outaged As Machine Learning App Scrapes And Exposes 40,000 Profile Photos Merriam-Webster Adds ‘Sheeple’ To Dictionary Citing Apple Fans As Prime Examples Twitter Getting Rid Of The Default Egg Profile Picture That Has A Bad Actor Reputation VIDEOS All videos 2.5 Geeks Reviews/How Tos FORUMS BLOGS Shop Subscribe TRENDING: Vega AMD ThreadRipper AMD EPYC Microsoft Surface Radeon RX 580 Samsung Galaxy S8 home Mobile Tablets by Joshua Gulick — Friday, November 25, 2016 Lenovo Yoga Book Review: A 2-In-1 With A Trick Article Index:    Lenovo Yoga Book - A New And Innovative Convertible Tablet Yoga Book Design And Layout Yoga Book User Experience And Software System Benchmarks: SunSpider And PCMark 8 Graphics Testing: Cinebench And 3DMark Tests Yoga Book Battery Life And Noise Final Thoughts On The Lenovo Yoga Book Lenovo Yoga Book - A New And Innovative Convertible Tablet Lenovo recently released one of the most interesting tablet hybrids in recent memory, just in time for the holidays. The Yoga Book has a digital keyboard that doubles as a sketch pad that even accommodates plain old paper, giving users several ways to draw images or jot notes. In fact, the tablet aspect of the machine is one of the most creative (and fun) concepts we’ve seen this year. The Yoga Book differs from traditional tablet first hybrid devices in several ways, but the most noticeable of these is the permanently attached keyboard, which is a departure from traditional 10-inch tablet form factors. Some tablet-first devices, like the 2016 version of the Dell XPS 12 and the Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Tablet, ship with a detachable keyboard. The 2-in-1 format is arguably more functional than a lone slate, but it gives users the freedom to drop the keyboard when they just want the tablet. With the one-piece Yoga Book, Lenovo is pushing into laptop territory with a device that is clearly more of a tablet. It has tablet hardware and performance, and Lenovo refers to the Yoga Book as a tablet but in the branding they call it a "book" with a hat tip one might say to the classic paper-bound mainstay. But that permanently-attached keyboard is what defines the Yoga Book -- because it's not just a keyboard. With the press of a button, it turns into a Wacom tablet, letting users create images without having to draw on the tablet’s screen. And, thanks to Lenovo’s Yoga Book Real Pen, users can also draw on real paper while recording the strokes on the tablet. Lenovo offers the Yoga Book with Android 6.0.1 (Marshmallow) or Windows 10 Home. The tablets have nearly identical hardware, but the Android Yoga Book starts at $499.99, while the Windows model (which we reviewed) starts at $549.99. Although the Yoga Book might show up under many a Christmas tree this year, it’s bound to also get the attention of business users, so we look at it from both perspectives on the pages ahead.  Lenovo Yoga Book (ZA150050US) Specifications & Features  Processor  Intel Atom x5-Z8550 (2MB Cache, 1.44GHz to 2.4GHz)  Display  10.1-inch FHD (1920x1200) IPS LED w/Touch, 400 nits  Graphics  Intel HD 400  Memory  4GB LPDDR3 1600MHz  Storage  64GB  Ethernet  N/A  Wireless Connectivity  802.11ac Wireless, Bluetooth 4.0  Interface (Left)  Micro-USB Port/ Power Port, Micro-SD Reader, Micro-HDMI Port  Interface (Right)  Power Button, Volume Buttons, Headphone/Mic Jack  Interface (Back)  N/A  Webcam  8MP Auto-Focus, 2MP Fixed Focus  Operating System  Windows 10 Home 64-bit  Battery  2-Cell, 8500 mAh Li-Ion Polymer  Dimensions  10.1 x 6.72 x 0.38 Inches  Weight  1.52 Pounds  Warranty  1-Year  Included Accessories  Real Pen, Yoga Book Pad & Paper  Price  $549.99 For The Windows Version Lenovo didn’t ignore performance when designing the Yoga Book, but the tablet’s most interesting features revolve around its input capabilities (like the digital keyboard and sketch pad), rather than data crunching. The tablet has an Intel Atom x5-Z8550 processor, along with 4GB of memory and 64GB of internal storage. The Atom processor and Intel HD 400 graphics make for device that will have trouble competing with most Windows 10 hybrids, which usually have more powerful hardware. On the other hand, the LED display is nice and bright, offering a maximum 400 nits over its 10.1 inches. The display is an IPS touchscreen with a better-than full HD resolution (1920x1200). Although its colors struck us as somewhat muted at times, the display is a solid choice for this tablet. The Yoga Book also has some unusual accessories, the most important of which is the Real Pen, which we’ll cover in greater detail later in the review. Sketch artists will like the Book Pad, which puts real paper over the Yoga Book’s digital input pad. Let’s take a closer look at the Yoga Book’s design and how the accessories make it more than a typical tablet… NEXT PAGE Article Index:    Lenovo Yoga Book - A New And Innovative Convertible Tablet Yoga Book Design And Layout Yoga Book User Experience And Software System Benchmarks: SunSpider And PCMark 8 Graphics Testing: Cinebench And 3DMark Tests Yoga Book Battery Life And Noise Final Thoughts On The Lenovo Yoga Book Tags:  Lenovo, Atom, tablet, Wacom, Yoga, yoga book Image gallery Related content Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review: Optimized Mobility Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium Android Productivity And Entertainment HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: Android Excellence In Performance And Design LG G6 Review: Design Elegance And Efficiency A Winning Combination Comments Show comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Follow Us: Twitter Facebook RSS Email YouTube AppStore Google+ 85K 9K 4K 25K CONVERSATIONS Monster Intel 12-Core i9-7920X Leaked...34 AMD Radeon Vega Frontier Edition...20 AMD 16-Core ThreadRipper Enthusiast CPUs...11 Aquantia Launches Multi-Gigabit NICs For...11 Intel Kills Rumors Of ‘Confirmed’ GPU...11 AMD Ryzen 9 Threadripper Enthusiast CPU...10 Security Researcher Temporarily Stops...9 FEATURED Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review:... Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium... EVGA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti SC2 GAMING... Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big... MSI GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Gaming X 11G... Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice... Micron 5100 ECO and MAX SSD Review:... FAVORITES 6 TB Hard Drive Round-Up: WD Red, WD...781k Intel Core i7-6700K And Z170 Chipset...634k Intel SSD 750 Series PCIe SSD Review:...574k Dell XPS 13 (2015) Ultrabook Review,...549k AMD Ryzen Review: Ryzen 7 1800X, 1700X,...525k Alienware X51 R3 Review: Console-Sized...520k Alienware Area 51: Triad, Tri-SLI GTX...445k Getting A GeForce GTX 1080 Ti? Absolutely! No thanks Current NVIDIA card Current AMD card Vega for me Next GeForce please More Results MORE HOT STUFF IN MOBILE Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review:... Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium... HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile,... Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: Android... LG G6 Review: Design Elegance And... Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming Review:... Dell XPS 15 (9560) Review: More... Follow @HotHardware SITE Home Reviews News Blogs Images Mobile Site Sitemap CATEGORIES Components Systems IT/Enterprise Mobile Leisure Videos COMPANY About Advertise News Tips Contact MORE Forums Shop STAY CONNECTED Twitter Facebook Google + YouTube Feedburner This site is intended for informational and entertainment purposes only. The contents are the views and opinion of the author and/or his associates. All products and trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Reproduction in whole or in part, in any form or medium, without express written permission of HotHardware.com, LLC. is prohibited. All content and graphical elements are Copyright © 1999 - 2017 David Altavilla and HotHardware.com, LLC. All rights reserved. Privacy and Terms Subscribe to HH News Alerts! Preview Email Address
SHOP MOBILE SITE SEND US TIPS JOIN LOG IN Search all All News Features Blogs Forums CATEGORIES Reviews News Blogs Images Shop COMPONENTS All Components Recent additions: AMD Ryzen 5 1600X And 1500X Processor Review: Affordable Zen Takes On Core i5 AMD Ryzen Game Optimization Begins: Ashes Of The Singularity Patched And Tested Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Benchmark First Look, A Mobile Powerhouse Emerges Processors Recent additions: AMD Ryzen 5 1600X And 1500X Processor Review: Affordable Zen Takes On Core i5 AMD Ryzen Game Optimization Begins: Ashes Of The Singularity Patched And Tested Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Benchmark First Look, A Mobile Powerhouse Emerges Graphics/Sound Recent additions: EVGA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti SC2 GAMING Review: Dialing-In On Performance NVIDIA Volta-Powered DGX-1 And DGX Station AI Supercomputers Debut At GTC 2017 MSI GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Gaming X 11G Review: Blazing-Fast And Custom Cooled Motherboards Recent additions: AMD Announces X300 And X370 AM4 Motherboards For Ryzen Processors, All Chips Unlocked Gigabyte Z170X-Designare Motherboard Review: Affordable, High-Tech, Great Performance Rivet Networks Killer E2500 Gigabit Ethernet For Gamers With Advanced QoS Tested Storage Recent additions: Micron 5100 ECO and MAX SSD Review: High-Capacity, Affordable Datacenter Storage Intel Optane Memory With 3D XPoint Review: Easy, Robust PC Acceleration Samsung EVO Plus microSDXC 128GB Card Rips File Transfers Up To 100MB/s Misc Recent additions: Hykso Punch Trackers Review: Boxing Meets Wearable Technology Netgear Nighthawk X10 Wireless AD7200 Router Review [Updated] The Best Of CES 2017 SYSTEMS All Systems Recent additions: Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big Gaming Performance In A Small Package Maingear Vybe Review: Dual GTX 1070s And Kaby Lake Cranked To 5GHz The Best Of CES 2017 Desktops Recent additions: Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big Gaming Performance In A Small Package Maingear Vybe Review: Dual GTX 1070s And Kaby Lake Cranked To 5GHz Dell XPS 27 (7760) All-In-One Desktop Review: 4K Touch And Wired For Sound DIY Recent additions: Gigabyte Brix S GB-BSi5HT-6200 Ultra Compact SFF PC Review New Matter MOD-t 3D Printer Review: Low Cost, User-Friendly Creation AMD Powered Star Wars Battlefront Radeon 380X-Powered Gaming PC Build Small Form Factor Recent additions: Lenovo Annouces ThinkStation P320 Workstations With Kaby Lake And Quadro Graphics For VR Developers Gigabyte BRIX Gaming UHD Review With Teardown And Rebuild Action Intel Compute Stick Core m3 Review: Skylake On A Thumbstick IT/ENTERPRISE All IT/Enterprise Recent additions: AMD Naples Zen Platform Makes ‘EPYC’ Debut For Data Center Market Intel Announces Xeon Scalable Processor Family Based On Skylake-SP Toshiba's Non-Encrypted HK4 SSDs Now Shipping In High Performance NetApp SolidFire Data Center Products Workstation Recent additions: Aquantia Launches Multi-Gigabit NICs For Enthusiast-Class PCs and Professional Workstations Intel Kaby Lake Xeon E3-1200 Family Takes Flight Lenovo Annouces ThinkStation P320 Workstations With Kaby Lake And Quadro Graphics For VR Developers Data Center/SMB Recent additions: AMD Naples Zen Platform Makes ‘EPYC’ Debut For Data Center Market Intel Announces Xeon Scalable Processor Family Based On Skylake-SP Toshiba's Non-Encrypted HK4 SSDs Now Shipping In High Performance NetApp SolidFire Data Center Products Cloud Recent additions: Microsoft Legal Marijuana Tracking Software Has A Serious Case Of The Munchies ProtectWise Builds Security As A Service Platform With DVR Playback And Jacks You Into The Matrix NVIDIA Launches GeForce NOW Game Streaming Service Software Recent additions: Microsoft CodePlex Open Source Repository Closing, Devs Urged To Embrace Github Microsoft Rolls Out Wake On LAN For Easier Remote Windows 10 Updates Google Chrome For macOS Gains Enhanced Safe Browsing Malware Protection MOBILE All Mobile Recent additions: Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review: Optimized Mobility Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium Android Productivity And Entertainment HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Notebooks Recent additions: Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review: Optimized Mobility HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming Review: Great Battery Life, Strong Performance, Affordable Price Smartphones Recent additions: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: Android Excellence In Performance And Design LG G6 Review: Design Elegance And Efficiency A Winning Combination Australian Regulators Sue Apple Over Fatal Error 53 Bricking Of Repaired iPhones Tablets Recent additions: Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium Android Productivity And Entertainment HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Dell XPS 13 2-In-1 Review - Portable And Flexible Living On The Infinity Edge Gadgets Recent additions: GoPro Fusion Spherical 360 Degree VR 5.2K Camera Launching 2H 2017 Hykso Punch Trackers Review: Boxing Meets Wearable Technology Amazfit Pace GPS Smartwatch Review: Sleek, Attractive, And Great Battery Life LEISURE All Leisure Recent additions: Sole Surviving Nintendo PlayStation Rare Prototype Is Now Fully Functional Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Razer Lancehead eSports Gaming Mouse Promises Unmatched Wireless Performance Entertainment Recent additions: Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Google Launches $35/Month YouTube TV Streaming Service For Discerning Cord Cutters NVIDIA SHIELD TV (2017) Review: Smart Home, 4K HDR, And Game Streaming Gaming Recent additions: Sole Surviving Nintendo PlayStation Rare Prototype Is Now Fully Functional Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Razer Lancehead eSports Gaming Mouse Promises Unmatched Wireless Performance Social Recent additions: Tinder Users Outaged As Machine Learning App Scrapes And Exposes 40,000 Profile Photos Merriam-Webster Adds ‘Sheeple’ To Dictionary Citing Apple Fans As Prime Examples Twitter Getting Rid Of The Default Egg Profile Picture That Has A Bad Actor Reputation VIDEOS All videos 2.5 Geeks Reviews/How Tos FORUMS BLOGS Shop Subscribe TRENDING: Vega AMD ThreadRipper AMD EPYC Microsoft Surface Radeon RX 580 Samsung Galaxy S8 home Mobile Notebooks by Chris Goetting — Friday, March 24, 2017 Dell XPS 15 (9560) Review: More Performance, Same Killer Good Looks Article Index:    Dell XPS 15 (9560) Now Infused With Kaby Lake And GeForce 10 Dell XPS 15 (9560) User Experience And Software Dell XPS 15 (9560): General Compute Benchmarks Dell XPS 15 (9560): 3DMark Benchmarks Dell XPS 15 (9560): Gaming Benchmarks Dell XPS 15 (9560): Battery Life & Final Thoughts Dell XPS 15 (9560) Now Infused With Kaby Lake And GeForce 10 Lately, Dell has been able to deliver notebooks that bring a smile to our faces, especially when a new XPS laptop slides across our desk. It hasn't always been that way, but since revamping the XPS line, starting with the XPS 13 back in 2015, Dell’s premium laptops have been leaders in the ultrabook market, especially in the 15 and 13-inch formats. The XPS 13 and its new 2-in-1 variant make great and highly portable workstations to tote around, but their smaller frames and relative horsepower may not be for everybody. That’s where the crossover to a 15-inch machine might make for a worthy trade-off. For a little more heft, the XPS 15 of yesteryear boasted a discrete GTX 960M onboard with a Skylake quad-core processor, to the XPS 13 line’s integrated graphics on a dual-core chip. As we showed, this allowed the XPS 15 (9550) to brush shoulders with some entry level gaming notebooks, while still looking at home with a business suit. Now the XPS 15 is back and ready to rumble with even more guts in the same alluring chassis. While its looks have not changed, the XPS 15 (9560) has traded up to seventh generation Kaby Lake processors and Pascal graphics, by way of NVIDIA’s GeForce GTX 1050. Pascal GPUs, in particular, have made for impressive performance gains this year, over last year’s Maxwell architecture. While the move from a GeForce GTX 960M to a GTX 1050 may sound like a step back in model numbering to some, the later is much more capable in reality for folks that like to game. How much better? Check out Dave's impressions in the video here with respect to just gaming, and read on ahead for more detail on the rest of the story...  Our review unit is kitted out with Intel’s Core i7-7700HQ, the aforementioned NVIDIA GTX 1050 with 4GB GDDR5, 16GB of 2400MHz dual-channel DDR4 memory (2 x 8GB), a 512GB Samsung PM961 NVMe SSD, Killer Wireless 1535 802.11ac 2x2 networking, a 4K Ultra HD (3840 x 2160) InfinityEdge touch display, 97WHr battery, and Windows 10 Home x64 for a premium pricetag of $2049.99. However, this rings in nearly $200 cheaper than the comparable configuration we scoped out last year. Check out the full specs below. Dell XPS 15 Specifications & Features Processor Options 7th Gen Intel Core i3-7100H (3M Cache, up to 3.0 GHz) 7th Gen Intel Core i5-7300HQ Quad-Core (6M Cache, up to 3.5 GHz) 7th Gen Intel Core i7-7700HQ Quad-Core (6M Cache, up to 3.8 GHz) Dimensions Height: 0.45-0.66 inches (11-17mm) / Width: 14.06 inches (357mm) / Depth: 9.27 inches (235mm) Starting at weight Starting at 4 lbs(1.8kg) with 56Whr battery, SSD, and non-touch display Starting at 4.5 lbs(2kg) with 97Whr battery, SSD and touch display Display options 15.6” FHD (1920x1080) InfinityEdge display 15.6” UltraSharp 4K Ultra HD (3840x2160) InfinityEdge touch display 350-nit, 1000:1 contrast ratio, 72% typical on FHD,100% minimum Adobe RGB on 4K Ultra HD, 170° wide viewing angle -85°/ 85°/ 85°/ 85° Capacitive touchscreen –10-finger touch support Construction CNC machined aluminum Edge-to-edge Corning Gorilla Glass NBT on 4K Ultra HD display Carbon fiber composite palm rest with soft touch paint Memory Options 8GB, 16GB or 32GB DDR4 at 2400 MHz (2 x SoDIMMs) Graphics Intel HD Graphics 630 NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1050 4GB GDDR5 graphics Battery 56Whr or 97Whr Battery (built-in) AC adapter 130W AC adapter Storage options 500GB HDD + 32GB Flash or 1TB HDD + 32GB Flash with Intel Smart Response Technology 256GB PCIe SSD, 512GB PCIe SSD, or 1TB PCIe SSD Keyboard /Touchpad Full size, backlit chiclet keyboard; 1.3mm travel Precision touchpad, seamless glass integrated button Wireless connectivity Killer 1535 Wireless-AC 2x2 + Bluetooth 4.1 Intel 8265 Wireless-AC 2x2 + Bluetooth 4.1 Miracast capable Audio Stereo Speaker, Dual Microphones, High Definition Audio with Waves MaxxAudio Pro Webcam Widescreen HD (720p) webcam with dual array digital microphones Ports and connectors HDMI 1.4, USB 3.0 (x2) with PowerShare; Headset Jack(1); SD card reader (SD, SDHC, SDXC); Kensington Lockslot; Thunderbolt 3: Thunderbolt 3 supports: Power in / charging, PowerShare, Thunderbolt 3 (20Gbps bi-directional), USB 3.1 Gen 2 (10Gbps), VGA, HDMI, Ethernet and USB-A via Dell Adapter (sold separately) Operating System Windows 10 Software Skype , Microsoft Edge, Dropbox Manageability and Security Options Factory Installed with Dell Command | Update and Dell Command | Power Manager, plus compatible with all Dell Client Command Suite tools. Dell Data Protection | Encryption (available via volume licensing), Dell Data Protection | Security Tools, BitLocker Data Encryption with Hardware TPM 2.0, optional Computrace, Configuration Services: Static Image, BIOS settings, Asset Tagging & Reporting  Pricing: As Configured and Tested: $2049 The XPS 15 (9560) is visually identical to last year’s XPS 15 (9550), down to port placement and availability - and that’s a very good thing. As such, we will only provide a brief refresher here, mechanically, but you can check out last year’s review as well, for all the gory details. The XPS line’s machined aluminum chassis and carbon fiber lined interior still feels every bit as premium as when the style was first introduced. Curiously lacking is a rose gold color option as can be found on the smaller XPS 13, maybe the coming months will bring us this choice? One has to have goals. We find our AC Power-in, a USB 3.0 Type-A port with PowerShare, an HDMI 1.4 port, a Thunderbolt 3 Type-C port, and headset jack along the left edge. On the right we have a Kensington Lock slot, battery gauge button and indicator, another USB 3.0 Type-A port with PowerShare, and a very welcome full-size SD card slot. Inside, we see the same, nearly unrivaled, 4K InfinityEdge touchscreen panel from last year. Really only Dell's own OLED displays have left us more impressed and we would love to see that option brought to the XPS line. Regardless, all is protected by Corning Gorilla Glass NBT for extra durability against scratches and greater strength - hopefully keeping your display in top condition longer. Of note, we actually could not scratch it with the screwdriver or keys we have on hand, but we caution not to try that at home. The display also does a fair job of mitigating reflections, though not as perfectly as a matte display. Still, the unit’s 350 nits of brightness helps it power through any condition short of directly reflecting the sun - at which point it serves as a very nice mirror. Below the display, and to the left of the Dell logo, the 720p webcam remains. This is a victim of the near bezel-less InfinityEdge display, but that doesn’t help ease the pain felt by users who frequently rely upon it. If you do fall into that group, you may want to consider a USB webcam. Also sometimes controversial is the XPS 15’s keyboard. The keys are very low profile with minimal travel, though they do at least provide decent tactile feedback with near-zero board flex. It does generally take an adjustment period to grow accustomed to, but does eventually feel quite comfortable. This year’s XPS 15 also offers an optional fingerprint reader for $25. This would sit just below the arrow keys, but our unit does not have it included. The fingerprint reader is Windows Hello compatible for enhanced security. NEXT PAGE Article Index:    Dell XPS 15 (9560) Now Infused With Kaby Lake And GeForce 10 Dell XPS 15 (9560) User Experience And Software Dell XPS 15 (9560): General Compute Benchmarks Dell XPS 15 (9560): 3DMark Benchmarks Dell XPS 15 (9560): Gaming Benchmarks Dell XPS 15 (9560): Battery Life & Final Thoughts Tags:  Dell, Notebook, laptop, XPS, Ultrabook, XPS 15, kaby lake, geforce 10 Image gallery Related content Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review: Optimized Mobility Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium Android Productivity And Entertainment HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: Android Excellence In Performance And Design LG G6 Review: Design Elegance And Efficiency A Winning Combination Comments Show comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Follow Us: Twitter Facebook RSS Email YouTube AppStore Google+ 85K 9K 4K 25K CONVERSATIONS Monster Intel 12-Core i9-7920X Leaked...34 AMD Radeon Vega Frontier Edition...20 AMD 16-Core ThreadRipper Enthusiast CPUs...11 Aquantia Launches Multi-Gigabit NICs For...11 Intel Kills Rumors Of ‘Confirmed’ GPU...11 AMD Ryzen 9 Threadripper Enthusiast CPU...10 Security Researcher Temporarily Stops...9 FEATURED Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review:... Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium... EVGA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti SC2 GAMING... Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big... MSI GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Gaming X 11G... Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice... Micron 5100 ECO and MAX SSD Review:... FAVORITES 6 TB Hard Drive Round-Up: WD Red, WD...781k Intel Core i7-6700K And Z170 Chipset...634k Intel SSD 750 Series PCIe SSD Review:...574k Dell XPS 13 (2015) Ultrabook Review,...549k AMD Ryzen Review: Ryzen 7 1800X, 1700X,...525k Alienware X51 R3 Review: Console-Sized...520k Alienware Area 51: Triad, Tri-SLI GTX...445k Getting A GeForce GTX 1080 Ti? Absolutely! No thanks Current NVIDIA card Current AMD card Vega for me Next GeForce please More Results MORE HOT STUFF IN MOBILE Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review:... Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium... HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile,... Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: Android... LG G6 Review: Design Elegance And... Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming Review:... Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Benchmark First... Follow @HotHardware SITE Home Reviews News Blogs Images Mobile Site Sitemap CATEGORIES Components Systems IT/Enterprise Mobile Leisure Videos COMPANY About Advertise News Tips Contact MORE Forums Shop STAY CONNECTED Twitter Facebook Google + YouTube Feedburner This site is intended for informational and entertainment purposes only. The contents are the views and opinion of the author and/or his associates. All products and trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Reproduction in whole or in part, in any form or medium, without express written permission of HotHardware.com, LLC. is prohibited. All content and graphical elements are Copyright © 1999 - 2017 David Altavilla and HotHardware.com, LLC. All rights reserved. Privacy and Terms Subscribe to HH News Alerts! Preview Email Address
SHOP MOBILE SITE SEND US TIPS JOIN LOG IN Search all All News Features Blogs Forums CATEGORIES Reviews News Blogs Images Shop COMPONENTS All Components Recent additions: AMD Ryzen 5 1600X And 1500X Processor Review: Affordable Zen Takes On Core i5 AMD Ryzen Game Optimization Begins: Ashes Of The Singularity Patched And Tested Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Benchmark First Look, A Mobile Powerhouse Emerges Processors Recent additions: AMD Ryzen 5 1600X And 1500X Processor Review: Affordable Zen Takes On Core i5 AMD Ryzen Game Optimization Begins: Ashes Of The Singularity Patched And Tested Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Benchmark First Look, A Mobile Powerhouse Emerges Graphics/Sound Recent additions: EVGA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti SC2 GAMING Review: Dialing-In On Performance NVIDIA Volta-Powered DGX-1 And DGX Station AI Supercomputers Debut At GTC 2017 MSI GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Gaming X 11G Review: Blazing-Fast And Custom Cooled Motherboards Recent additions: AMD Announces X300 And X370 AM4 Motherboards For Ryzen Processors, All Chips Unlocked Gigabyte Z170X-Designare Motherboard Review: Affordable, High-Tech, Great Performance Rivet Networks Killer E2500 Gigabit Ethernet For Gamers With Advanced QoS Tested Storage Recent additions: Micron 5100 ECO and MAX SSD Review: High-Capacity, Affordable Datacenter Storage Intel Optane Memory With 3D XPoint Review: Easy, Robust PC Acceleration Samsung EVO Plus microSDXC 128GB Card Rips File Transfers Up To 100MB/s Misc Recent additions: Hykso Punch Trackers Review: Boxing Meets Wearable Technology Netgear Nighthawk X10 Wireless AD7200 Router Review [Updated] The Best Of CES 2017 SYSTEMS All Systems Recent additions: Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big Gaming Performance In A Small Package Maingear Vybe Review: Dual GTX 1070s And Kaby Lake Cranked To 5GHz The Best Of CES 2017 Desktops Recent additions: Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big Gaming Performance In A Small Package Maingear Vybe Review: Dual GTX 1070s And Kaby Lake Cranked To 5GHz Dell XPS 27 (7760) All-In-One Desktop Review: 4K Touch And Wired For Sound DIY Recent additions: Gigabyte Brix S GB-BSi5HT-6200 Ultra Compact SFF PC Review New Matter MOD-t 3D Printer Review: Low Cost, User-Friendly Creation AMD Powered Star Wars Battlefront Radeon 380X-Powered Gaming PC Build Small Form Factor Recent additions: Lenovo Annouces ThinkStation P320 Workstations With Kaby Lake And Quadro Graphics For VR Developers Gigabyte BRIX Gaming UHD Review With Teardown And Rebuild Action Intel Compute Stick Core m3 Review: Skylake On A Thumbstick IT/ENTERPRISE All IT/Enterprise Recent additions: AMD Naples Zen Platform Makes ‘EPYC’ Debut For Data Center Market Intel Announces Xeon Scalable Processor Family Based On Skylake-SP Toshiba's Non-Encrypted HK4 SSDs Now Shipping In High Performance NetApp SolidFire Data Center Products Workstation Recent additions: Aquantia Launches Multi-Gigabit NICs For Enthusiast-Class PCs and Professional Workstations Intel Kaby Lake Xeon E3-1200 Family Takes Flight Lenovo Annouces ThinkStation P320 Workstations With Kaby Lake And Quadro Graphics For VR Developers Data Center/SMB Recent additions: AMD Naples Zen Platform Makes ‘EPYC’ Debut For Data Center Market Intel Announces Xeon Scalable Processor Family Based On Skylake-SP Toshiba's Non-Encrypted HK4 SSDs Now Shipping In High Performance NetApp SolidFire Data Center Products Cloud Recent additions: Microsoft Legal Marijuana Tracking Software Has A Serious Case Of The Munchies ProtectWise Builds Security As A Service Platform With DVR Playback And Jacks You Into The Matrix NVIDIA Launches GeForce NOW Game Streaming Service Software Recent additions: Microsoft CodePlex Open Source Repository Closing, Devs Urged To Embrace Github Microsoft Rolls Out Wake On LAN For Easier Remote Windows 10 Updates Google Chrome For macOS Gains Enhanced Safe Browsing Malware Protection MOBILE All Mobile Recent additions: Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review: Optimized Mobility Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium Android Productivity And Entertainment HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Notebooks Recent additions: Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review: Optimized Mobility HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming Review: Great Battery Life, Strong Performance, Affordable Price Smartphones Recent additions: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: Android Excellence In Performance And Design LG G6 Review: Design Elegance And Efficiency A Winning Combination Australian Regulators Sue Apple Over Fatal Error 53 Bricking Of Repaired iPhones Tablets Recent additions: Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium Android Productivity And Entertainment HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Dell XPS 13 2-In-1 Review - Portable And Flexible Living On The Infinity Edge Gadgets Recent additions: GoPro Fusion Spherical 360 Degree VR 5.2K Camera Launching 2H 2017 Hykso Punch Trackers Review: Boxing Meets Wearable Technology Amazfit Pace GPS Smartwatch Review: Sleek, Attractive, And Great Battery Life LEISURE All Leisure Recent additions: Sole Surviving Nintendo PlayStation Rare Prototype Is Now Fully Functional Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Razer Lancehead eSports Gaming Mouse Promises Unmatched Wireless Performance Entertainment Recent additions: Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Google Launches $35/Month YouTube TV Streaming Service For Discerning Cord Cutters NVIDIA SHIELD TV (2017) Review: Smart Home, 4K HDR, And Game Streaming Gaming Recent additions: Sole Surviving Nintendo PlayStation Rare Prototype Is Now Fully Functional Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Razer Lancehead eSports Gaming Mouse Promises Unmatched Wireless Performance Social Recent additions: Tinder Users Outaged As Machine Learning App Scrapes And Exposes 40,000 Profile Photos Merriam-Webster Adds ‘Sheeple’ To Dictionary Citing Apple Fans As Prime Examples Twitter Getting Rid Of The Default Egg Profile Picture That Has A Bad Actor Reputation VIDEOS All videos 2.5 Geeks Reviews/How Tos FORUMS BLOGS Shop Subscribe TRENDING: Vega AMD ThreadRipper AMD EPYC Microsoft Surface Radeon RX 580 Samsung Galaxy S8 home Mobile Notebooks by Dave Altavilla — Thursday, December 01, 2016 Dell XPS 13 Review: Kaby Lake Makes A Fantastic 13-Inch Laptop Even Better Article Index:    Dell's XPS 13 (9360) Refreshed With Intel Kaby Lake Takes It Up A Notch Up Close And Personal With The Dell XPS 13 XPS 13 SiSoft SANDRA, ATTO Disk and SunSpider Testing XPS 13 Cinebench And PCMark 8 Benchmarks XPS 13 3DMark And FarCry 2 Tests XPS 13 Battery Life and The Wrap-Up Dell's XPS 13 (9360) Refreshed With Intel Kaby Lake Takes It Up A Notch Mechanically speaking, Dell has done little to change or update the company's wildly popular XPS 13 and 15 series of premium consumer notebooks since their initial release. There's no mystery as to why that is the case, however. When something works this well, you stick with it. The Dell XPS 13 and XPS 15 have been two of the best selling notebooks in the company's history. That's a bold statement and it stands to reason. The Dell XPS 13 and XPS 15 line of machines, with their unique Infinity Edge displays and gorgeous carbon fiber and aluminum adorned chassis, are some of the best looking, best built, and highest performing laptops on the market. However, despite minimal exterior design changes, Dell has taken a vigorous approach to refreshing the XPS 13 and 15 line of notebooks with the latest Intel processor platforms. In fact, the new Dell XPS 13 9360 we have on tap for review here today is one of the first notebooks we've received in for testing with Intel's 7th Generation Kaby Lake Core series processor technology powering the experience. Asus actually snuck in under the wire ahead of Dell with the ZenBook 3 we looked at recently, but Dell was close behind with its venerable XPS 13, refreshed and tweaked-up with Kaby Lake and - wait a minute, we lied - now also adorned in a Rose Gold finish. Dell XPS 13 9360 Specifications & Features Processor Options 7th Gen Intel Core i7-7500U (4MB Cache, up to 3.5GHz) Display 13.3" QHD+ (3200 x 1800) 276ppi IGZO IPS InfinityEdge touch display, 400 nits, 1000:1 contrast ratio, 72% color gamut Graphics Intel HD Graphics 620 Memory 8GB LPDDR3 1866MHz (On board) Storage 256GB PCIe NVMe Solid State Drive Optical N/A Ethernet N/A WiFi Killer™ 1535 Wireless-AC 2x2 + Bluetooth 4.1 Interface (Left) Power/DC-in Jack; Thunderbolt 3 (USB 3.1 Gen 2 Type-C); USB 3.0; Battery Gauge Button, Headset Jack, speaker Interface (Right) Noble Lock Slot; Power Button, USB 3.0 w/ PowerShare, 3-in-1 SD Card Reader, Speaker Interface (Back) N/A Webcam Widescreen HD (720p) webcam with dual array digital microphones Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Battery 4-cell Lithium Ion (60 WHr) Dimensions Height: 0.33-0.6” (9-15mm) / Width: 11.98” (304mm) / Depth: 7.88” (200mm) Weight 2.9 pounds (1.29kg) with Touch Display, 2.7 pounds (1.2kg) Non Touch Warranty 1 Year Limited Hardware Warranty with Onsite service after remote diagnosis Pricing $1,649.99 as configured with Rose Gold ($1599 standard silver) The other notable internal change, beyond its Intel 7th Gen Core series processor, is a slightly beefed up battery, which is now at 60WHr, whereas the previous generation weighed in at 56WHr. In addition, the XPS 13 is also enabled with a Rivet Networks Killer 1535 Wireless AC 2x2 + Bluetooth 4.1 WiFi NIC, which adds a bit of QoS mojo for bandwidth and app prioritization. Feel free to read up on that right here if you like. We should also note that we have the high res 3200x1800 IGZO IPS touch display in our machine, though a 1080p non-touch display option is available as well.  And of course there's that swank anodized aluminum top and bottom lid material, now buffed up with a Rose Gold finish, if you so choose, for a modest $50 up-charge. Riding shotgun above is the XPS 13's power brick, sans its three conductor wall cable. The AC adapter itself is tiny -- slightly smaller than palm size -- and as you can see, it also coils up nicely for easy stow away and travel. As configured, and in Rose Gold, the machine we're looking at here today is priced at $1649, though the Core i5-7200U with 1920X1080 non-touch display retails for $1149. That's relatively competitive, when you consider the new 13-inch MacBook Pro with a last gen Intel Skylake Core i5 processor and 2560X1600 Retina display retails for $1499.   Let's flip up the lid and have a closer look around...  NEXT PAGE Article Index:    Dell's XPS 13 (9360) Refreshed With Intel Kaby Lake Takes It Up A Notch Up Close And Personal With The Dell XPS 13 XPS 13 SiSoft SANDRA, ATTO Disk and SunSpider Testing XPS 13 Cinebench And PCMark 8 Benchmarks XPS 13 3DMark And FarCry 2 Tests XPS 13 Battery Life and The Wrap-Up Tags:  Dell, Notebook, laptop, XPS, review, XPS 13, infinity-edge, kaby-lake, xps 13 9360 Image gallery Related content Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review: Optimized Mobility Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium Android Productivity And Entertainment HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: Android Excellence In Performance And Design LG G6 Review: Design Elegance And Efficiency A Winning Combination Comments Show comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Follow Us: Twitter Facebook RSS Email YouTube AppStore Google+ 85K 9K 4K 25K CONVERSATIONS Monster Intel 12-Core i9-7920X Leaked...34 AMD Radeon Vega Frontier Edition...20 AMD 16-Core ThreadRipper Enthusiast CPUs...11 Aquantia Launches Multi-Gigabit NICs For...11 Intel Kills Rumors Of ‘Confirmed’ GPU...11 AMD Ryzen 9 Threadripper Enthusiast CPU...10 Security Researcher Temporarily Stops...9 FEATURED Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review:... Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium... EVGA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti SC2 GAMING... Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big... MSI GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Gaming X 11G... Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice... Micron 5100 ECO and MAX SSD Review:... FAVORITES 6 TB Hard Drive Round-Up: WD Red, WD...781k Intel Core i7-6700K And Z170 Chipset...634k Intel SSD 750 Series PCIe SSD Review:...574k Dell XPS 13 (2015) Ultrabook Review,...549k AMD Ryzen Review: Ryzen 7 1800X, 1700X,...525k Alienware X51 R3 Review: Console-Sized...520k Alienware Area 51: Triad, Tri-SLI GTX...445k Getting A GeForce GTX 1080 Ti? Absolutely! No thanks Current NVIDIA card Current AMD card Vega for me Next GeForce please More Results MORE HOT STUFF IN MOBILE Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review:... Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium... HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile,... Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: Android... LG G6 Review: Design Elegance And... Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming Review:... Dell XPS 15 (9560) Review: More... Follow @HotHardware SITE Home Reviews News Blogs Images Mobile Site Sitemap CATEGORIES Components Systems IT/Enterprise Mobile Leisure Videos COMPANY About Advertise News Tips Contact MORE Forums Shop STAY CONNECTED Twitter Facebook Google + YouTube Feedburner This site is intended for informational and entertainment purposes only. The contents are the views and opinion of the author and/or his associates. All products and trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Reproduction in whole or in part, in any form or medium, without express written permission of HotHardware.com, LLC. is prohibited. All content and graphical elements are Copyright © 1999 - 2017 David Altavilla and HotHardware.com, LLC. All rights reserved. Privacy and Terms Subscribe to HH News Alerts! Preview Email Address
SHOP MOBILE SITE SEND US TIPS JOIN LOG IN Search all All News Features Blogs Forums CATEGORIES Reviews News Blogs Images Shop COMPONENTS All Components Recent additions: AMD Ryzen 5 1600X And 1500X Processor Review: Affordable Zen Takes On Core i5 AMD Ryzen Game Optimization Begins: Ashes Of The Singularity Patched And Tested Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Benchmark First Look, A Mobile Powerhouse Emerges Processors Recent additions: AMD Ryzen 5 1600X And 1500X Processor Review: Affordable Zen Takes On Core i5 AMD Ryzen Game Optimization Begins: Ashes Of The Singularity Patched And Tested Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Benchmark First Look, A Mobile Powerhouse Emerges Graphics/Sound Recent additions: EVGA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti SC2 GAMING Review: Dialing-In On Performance NVIDIA Volta-Powered DGX-1 And DGX Station AI Supercomputers Debut At GTC 2017 MSI GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Gaming X 11G Review: Blazing-Fast And Custom Cooled Motherboards Recent additions: AMD Announces X300 And X370 AM4 Motherboards For Ryzen Processors, All Chips Unlocked Gigabyte Z170X-Designare Motherboard Review: Affordable, High-Tech, Great Performance Rivet Networks Killer E2500 Gigabit Ethernet For Gamers With Advanced QoS Tested Storage Recent additions: Micron 5100 ECO and MAX SSD Review: High-Capacity, Affordable Datacenter Storage Intel Optane Memory With 3D XPoint Review: Easy, Robust PC Acceleration Samsung EVO Plus microSDXC 128GB Card Rips File Transfers Up To 100MB/s Misc Recent additions: Hykso Punch Trackers Review: Boxing Meets Wearable Technology Netgear Nighthawk X10 Wireless AD7200 Router Review [Updated] The Best Of CES 2017 SYSTEMS All Systems Recent additions: Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big Gaming Performance In A Small Package Maingear Vybe Review: Dual GTX 1070s And Kaby Lake Cranked To 5GHz The Best Of CES 2017 Desktops Recent additions: Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big Gaming Performance In A Small Package Maingear Vybe Review: Dual GTX 1070s And Kaby Lake Cranked To 5GHz Dell XPS 27 (7760) All-In-One Desktop Review: 4K Touch And Wired For Sound DIY Recent additions: Gigabyte Brix S GB-BSi5HT-6200 Ultra Compact SFF PC Review New Matter MOD-t 3D Printer Review: Low Cost, User-Friendly Creation AMD Powered Star Wars Battlefront Radeon 380X-Powered Gaming PC Build Small Form Factor Recent additions: Lenovo Annouces ThinkStation P320 Workstations With Kaby Lake And Quadro Graphics For VR Developers Gigabyte BRIX Gaming UHD Review With Teardown And Rebuild Action Intel Compute Stick Core m3 Review: Skylake On A Thumbstick IT/ENTERPRISE All IT/Enterprise Recent additions: AMD Naples Zen Platform Makes ‘EPYC’ Debut For Data Center Market Intel Announces Xeon Scalable Processor Family Based On Skylake-SP Toshiba's Non-Encrypted HK4 SSDs Now Shipping In High Performance NetApp SolidFire Data Center Products Workstation Recent additions: Aquantia Launches Multi-Gigabit NICs For Enthusiast-Class PCs and Professional Workstations Intel Kaby Lake Xeon E3-1200 Family Takes Flight Lenovo Annouces ThinkStation P320 Workstations With Kaby Lake And Quadro Graphics For VR Developers Data Center/SMB Recent additions: AMD Naples Zen Platform Makes ‘EPYC’ Debut For Data Center Market Intel Announces Xeon Scalable Processor Family Based On Skylake-SP Toshiba's Non-Encrypted HK4 SSDs Now Shipping In High Performance NetApp SolidFire Data Center Products Cloud Recent additions: Microsoft Legal Marijuana Tracking Software Has A Serious Case Of The Munchies ProtectWise Builds Security As A Service Platform With DVR Playback And Jacks You Into The Matrix NVIDIA Launches GeForce NOW Game Streaming Service Software Recent additions: Microsoft CodePlex Open Source Repository Closing, Devs Urged To Embrace Github Microsoft Rolls Out Wake On LAN For Easier Remote Windows 10 Updates Google Chrome For macOS Gains Enhanced Safe Browsing Malware Protection MOBILE All Mobile Recent additions: Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review: Optimized Mobility Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium Android Productivity And Entertainment HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Notebooks Recent additions: Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review: Optimized Mobility HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming Review: Great Battery Life, Strong Performance, Affordable Price Smartphones Recent additions: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: Android Excellence In Performance And Design LG G6 Review: Design Elegance And Efficiency A Winning Combination Australian Regulators Sue Apple Over Fatal Error 53 Bricking Of Repaired iPhones Tablets Recent additions: Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium Android Productivity And Entertainment HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Dell XPS 13 2-In-1 Review - Portable And Flexible Living On The Infinity Edge Gadgets Recent additions: GoPro Fusion Spherical 360 Degree VR 5.2K Camera Launching 2H 2017 Hykso Punch Trackers Review: Boxing Meets Wearable Technology Amazfit Pace GPS Smartwatch Review: Sleek, Attractive, And Great Battery Life LEISURE All Leisure Recent additions: Sole Surviving Nintendo PlayStation Rare Prototype Is Now Fully Functional Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Razer Lancehead eSports Gaming Mouse Promises Unmatched Wireless Performance Entertainment Recent additions: Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Google Launches $35/Month YouTube TV Streaming Service For Discerning Cord Cutters NVIDIA SHIELD TV (2017) Review: Smart Home, 4K HDR, And Game Streaming Gaming Recent additions: Sole Surviving Nintendo PlayStation Rare Prototype Is Now Fully Functional Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Razer Lancehead eSports Gaming Mouse Promises Unmatched Wireless Performance Social Recent additions: Tinder Users Outaged As Machine Learning App Scrapes And Exposes 40,000 Profile Photos Merriam-Webster Adds ‘Sheeple’ To Dictionary Citing Apple Fans As Prime Examples Twitter Getting Rid Of The Default Egg Profile Picture That Has A Bad Actor Reputation VIDEOS All videos 2.5 Geeks Reviews/How Tos FORUMS BLOGS Shop Subscribe TRENDING: Vega AMD ThreadRipper AMD EPYC Microsoft Surface Radeon RX 580 Samsung Galaxy S8 home Mobile Notebooks by Joshua Gulick — Thursday, December 15, 2016 Acer Swift 7 Review: A Thin, Sleek, Kaby Lake Powered Ultrabook Article Index:    The Acer Swift 7 Kaby Lake-Powered Ultrabook Acer Swift 7 Design Acer Swift 7 ATTO Disk, SunSpider, And Cinebench Performance Acer Swift 7 PCMark 8, 3DMark, And Far Cry 2 Performance Acer Swift 7 Battery Life And Noise Acer Swift 7 Performance Summary and Conclusion The Acer Swift 7 Kaby Lake-Powered Ultrabook Acer has consistently expanded and refined its mobile product offerings, to include everything from affordable mainstream notebooks, to sleek ultrabooks that use premium materials. The veteran PC maker has developed a sense of style and is putting real effort into creating thin, functional laptops, that also happen to look good. The Swift 7 is one of the thinnest laptops on the market, and it has some interesting hardware squeezed inside, too. But going ultra-thin often results with performance or functionality compromises, so we were taken aback that Acer dubbed its thinnest laptop “Swift.” We brought one in to see just how fast (and how fun) this Kaby Lake-powered laptop really is. Acer’s Swift 7 is just 0.39 inches "thick", but it faces serious competition from systems that are only a few millimeters thicker. We recently checked out the Asus ZenBook 3, another ultra-thin laptop (0.47 inches) sporting a Kaby Lake processor. HP is also going thin with its Spectre (0.41 inches) system and Dell recently refreshed its vaunted XPS 13 ultrabook (0.6 inches at its thickest) with Kaby Lake, as well. Given that so many similarly-sized laptops are available, the Swift needs to have more to offer than simply being the thinnest laptop. With that in mind, let’s take a look under the hood… Acer Swift 7 Specifications & Features Processor 7th Gen. Intel Core i5-7Y54 Dual-Core 1.2GHz (Max 3.2GHz) 4MB Cache OS Windows Home 64-bit Display 13.3-inch FHD (1920 x 1080) IPS Non-Touch Display, Acer BluelightShield Graphics Intel Graphics HD 615 Storage 8GB LPDDR3 Memory 256GB SSD Audio x2 Speakers; Dolby Digital Plus Home Theater, Acer TrueHarmony Camera 1280x720, Supports HDR Networking 802.11ac with 2x2 MU-MIMO; Bluetooth 4.0 Ports: Left Security Lock Slot Ports: Right x2 USB 3.1 Type-C  Keyboard Island-Style Keys; Precision Touchpad Battery 4-Cell 2770 mAh Li-Ion Extras USB 3.1 Type-C to HDMI adapter; USB 3.1 Type-C to USB 3.0 Adapter  Weight 2.48 Pounds Dimensions 12.78 x 9.04 x 0.39 Inches Warranty 1-Year Parts and Labor Price $999.99+ - Find It At Amazon The Swift 7 sports a 13.3-inch screen, which hits the sweet spot for many ultrabook users. It keeps the system portable without making for too cramped a display. The display’s resolution is 1920 x 1080, which may seem unexciting in a world of 4K displays, but it is a solid choice for a laptop like the Swift. Acer opted for an IPS panel too, which gives the display excellent viewing angles. You won’t need to sit right in front of the Swift 7 to enjoy a movie, which is something that will be appreciated by anyone who has owned an inexpensive laptop. Intel’s seventh generation processors, originally codenamed Kaby Lake, launched this fall, right in time for the holiday shopping season. The Swift 7 sports an Intel Core i5-7Y54, which is a dual core CPU that features a 4MB cache and Turbos from its 1.2GHz up to 3.2GHz. The on-board Intel HD Graphics 615 ought to give the Swift some respectable graphics muscle for machine in this class as well. Still, we’re seeing beefier CPUs in some of the systems that are a little thicker (and, in some cases, pricier) than the Swift 7, with the XPS 13 being a good example. The XPS 13 we recently tested featured a much more powerful Intel Core i7-7500U Kaby Lake processor. Acer squeezed 8GB of memory and a 256GB SSD into the Swift 7, along with a decent camera that supports high dynamic range (HDR) photos. The Swift 7 doesn’t have room for an Ethernet jack (or many other ports, sadly), but it features 802.11ac with MU-MIMO to ensure you can connect to wireless networks at fast speeds. The most surprising of the Swift 7’s features turned out to be the ones that aren’t there. The Swift 7 has only two USB 3.1 Type-C ports and a headset jack, much like the new MacBook Pro. And given the strong feelings of MacBook users about Apple’s decision to use only Type-C ports, it seems likely that the Swift 7’s lack of port variety will put off some would-be buyers. Acer puts HDMI and USB 3.0 dongles in the Swift 7’s box, which are handy, but we doubt it will be enough to satisfy everyone. NEXT PAGE Article Index:    The Acer Swift 7 Kaby Lake-Powered Ultrabook Acer Swift 7 Design Acer Swift 7 ATTO Disk, SunSpider, And Cinebench Performance Acer Swift 7 PCMark 8, 3DMark, And Far Cry 2 Performance Acer Swift 7 Battery Life And Noise Acer Swift 7 Performance Summary and Conclusion Tags:  Intel, Acer, thin, Ultrabook, kaby lake Image gallery Related content Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review: Optimized Mobility Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium Android Productivity And Entertainment HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: Android Excellence In Performance And Design LG G6 Review: Design Elegance And Efficiency A Winning Combination Comments Show comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Follow Us: Twitter Facebook RSS Email YouTube AppStore Google+ 85K 9K 4K 25K CONVERSATIONS Monster Intel 12-Core i9-7920X Leaked...34 AMD Radeon Vega Frontier Edition...20 AMD 16-Core ThreadRipper Enthusiast CPUs...11 Aquantia Launches Multi-Gigabit NICs For...11 Intel Kills Rumors Of ‘Confirmed’ GPU...11 AMD Ryzen 9 Threadripper Enthusiast CPU...10 Security Researcher Temporarily Stops...9 FEATURED Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review:... Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium... EVGA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti SC2 GAMING... Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big... MSI GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Gaming X 11G... Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice... Micron 5100 ECO and MAX SSD Review:... FAVORITES 6 TB Hard Drive Round-Up: WD Red, WD...781k Intel Core i7-6700K And Z170 Chipset...634k Intel SSD 750 Series PCIe SSD Review:...574k Dell XPS 13 (2015) Ultrabook Review,...549k AMD Ryzen Review: Ryzen 7 1800X, 1700X,...525k Alienware X51 R3 Review: Console-Sized...520k Alienware Area 51: Triad, Tri-SLI GTX...445k Getting A GeForce GTX 1080 Ti? Absolutely! No thanks Current NVIDIA card Current AMD card Vega for me Next GeForce please More Results MORE HOT STUFF IN MOBILE Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review:... Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium... HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile,... Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: Android... LG G6 Review: Design Elegance And... Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming Review:... Dell XPS 15 (9560) Review: More... Follow @HotHardware SITE Home Reviews News Blogs Images Mobile Site Sitemap CATEGORIES Components Systems IT/Enterprise Mobile Leisure Videos COMPANY About Advertise News Tips Contact MORE Forums Shop STAY CONNECTED Twitter Facebook Google + YouTube Feedburner This site is intended for informational and entertainment purposes only. The contents are the views and opinion of the author and/or his associates. All products and trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Reproduction in whole or in part, in any form or medium, without express written permission of HotHardware.com, LLC. is prohibited. All content and graphical elements are Copyright © 1999 - 2017 David Altavilla and HotHardware.com, LLC. All rights reserved. Privacy and Terms Subscribe to HH News Alerts! Preview Email Address
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Trump and Melania escape DC scandalfest for nine-day foreign tour - the first since they entered the White House - with Jared and Ivanka in tow. Next stop, Saudi Arabia . . . Fired FBI director agrees to testify in front of Senate intel committee after it's revealed Trump bragged to Russians that he had fired 'nut job' Comey and it would 'take the pressure' off election probe Senior White House adviser is person of interest in FBI's Russia probe 'I'm convinced Trump is nuts': Father of fired FBI Director James Comey defends his son and say he was never 'crazy' about the president  Family of murdered DNC staffer Seth Rich threaten private investigator with legal action after he claimed the 27-year-old 'had WikiLeaks links' only to recant his comments a day later PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: The tragedy of room 1136 - How Chris Cornell ended his life as Heidi Klum's ex-boyfriend smashed down the door to help him after giving him two Ativans before his suicide REVEALED: Jared Kushner 'personally called Lockheed Martin CEO to get better price for the Saudis in $100bn arms deals ahead of visit to the kingdom' White House lawyers are 'consulting experts to research impeachment procedures' Terrified passengers subdue Turkish man on American Airlines flight from LA to Honolulu after he tried to break into cockpit Draft of Trump's Saudi speech calls terror fight 'a battle between good and evil' - but omits the magic phrase 'radical Islamic terrorism' and says 'we are not here to lecture' Arabs Dramatic moment straphangers save young woman who fainted and tumbled onto Boston subway track moments before train roared in Five people remain hospitalized - including a mother-of-three who was left paralyzed - after eating nacho cheese from a gas station and getting botulism 'Moon dust' from Apollo 11 mission that was sold for $995 is now worth $4million as it heads to auction  Iranian President Hassan Rouhani leads in country's election with initial count of 58 percent  Illegal immigrant who went to UConn is arrested for 103 counts of anti-Trump vandalism around the school Aaron Hernandez threatened 'to kill a guard and his family and fought an inmate who spit in his face' during his two years in jail, new disciplinary report reveals  New dilemma for Trump: Will he ask the UK to extradite Julian Assange or let Wikileaks founder slip away? EXCLUSIVE: Judge dismisses 'clock boy' lawsuit saying the school didn't discriminate against Muslim teen when his teacher called the police because she thought he made a bomb Man, 57, 'removes transgender woman's testicles with Army surgical kit during illicit 90-minute procedure she asked him to perform at her apartment'  Two police commanders are demoted to captains for 'leaking body camera footage' of controversial arrest of a black woman and her daughters Cuban armed robber who turned his life around after being mistakenly paroled 90 years early is pardoned by Colorado governor to stop him being deported 'I have a sickness': Weeping Anthony Weiner begs for forgiveness as he pleads guilty to sexting a girl, 15, accepts a prison sentence of up to 27 months and registers as a SEX OFFENDER, as Huma stays away Huma Abedin FINALLY files for divorce from 'sick' Anthony Weiner on SAME DAY he appears in court while wearing his wedding ring to plead guilty to sexting girl, 15 and face two years in jail Stampede at New York's Barclays Center during Future concert after 'loud boom' prompts fears of gun shots  Previous Next Russian officials 'viewed Michael Flynn as an ally and bragged that they could use the disgraced national security adviser to influence Donald Trump' 'This was a five-alarm fire from early on, the way the Russians were talking about him,' a former Obama administration official told CNN Flynn developed a relationship with Russian officials for several months in 2016 He discussed US sanctions with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak in a December phone call, sources said; that call led to Flynn's forced resignation Barack Obama hit back at Russia for meddling in the 2016 elections But Flynn told Kislyak the Trump administration would approve of Russia's decision to hold off on retaliating, sources said Flynn went on to say the Trump administration would revisit the sanctions imposed since Russia annexed Crimea in 2014, sources said By Jessica Chia For Dailymail.com Published: 00:38 EDT, 20 May 2017 | Updated: 00:41 EDT, 20 May 2017 e-mail 6 shares View comments Russian officials developed a relationship with Michael Flynn over the course of months and bragged that they could use him to influence Donald Trump, sources said. 'This was a five-alarm fire from early on, the way the Russians were talking about him,' a former Obama administration official told CNN. Flynn was caught speaking to Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak in a December phone call that eventually led to his forced resignation just 24 days into his role as National Security Adviser. After Barack Obama hit back at Russia for meddling in the elections, Flynn told Kislyak the Trump administration would approve of Russia's decision to hold off on retaliating, sources said.  Flynn went on to say the Trump administration would revisit the sanctions imposed since Russia annexed Crimea in 2014, the sources said, and Putin followed his advice, announcing the next day that he would not retaliate.  Russian officials viewed Michael Flynn as an ally and bragged that they could use him to influence Donald Trump, sources told CNN Flynn (right) developed a relationship with Russian officials for several months in 2016 before he was caught speaking to Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak in a December, sources said The Russians saw Flynn as an ally, and while officials expressed their concerns, they also raised the possibility that the Russians may have exaggerated their clout on Trump's inner circle. An official from the former administration also told CNN Flynn was viewed as a potential national security problem, echoing Sally Yates' testimony that Flynn could be subject to blackmail by the Russians. And Barack Obama warned Trump against hiring Flynn during a face-to-face meeting back in November,CNN reported earlier this month.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next President Trump and First Lady Melania escape DC scandalfest... 'I'm convinced Trump is nuts': Father of fired FBI Director... Share this article Share But a White House Official issued a statement that read: 'We are confident that when these inquiries are complete there will be no evidence to support any collusion between the campaign and Russia. 'This matter is not going to distract the President or this administration from its work to bring back jobs and keep America safe.'   While Flynn's time in the White House was brief, he is still under investigation by the Senate Judiciary Committee and House Oversight and Government Reform Committee.  Flynn reportedly told Trump's chief lawyer Donald McGahn on January 4 that he was under investigation for secretly working as a paid lobbyist for Turkey during the campaign.    Flynn's discussions of US sanctions with Kislyak (above) eventually led to his forced resignation just 24 days into his role as National Security Adviser Flynn admitted that his lobbying firm was paid $530,000 for work that could have benefited the Turkish government just two months before he was appointed to the White House. Flynn's consulting firm, Flynn Intel Group, was lobbying for a Dutch consulting firm with ties to Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan before and immediately after the US election. He failed to file documents with the Justice Department declaring he was a foreign agent until March, weeks after he resigned. In the documents, he said the lobbying work 'could be construed to have principally benefited the Republic of Turkey.' Flynn admitted that his lobbying firm was paid $530,000 for work that could have benefited Turkey (pictured Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan) The filing also disclosed that Flynn secretly met with the Turkish foreign and energy ministers in New York before Election Day. Flynn wrote an op-ed the day Trump was elected calling for the US to kick out anti-government Turkish cleric, Fethullah Gulen, who is living in exile in Pennsylvania.  Flynn also blocked a military plan against the Islamic State group that was opposed by Turkey.  After Flynn was forced to resign, Trump reportedly tried to get former FBI Director James Comey to drop the investigation into the ex-general. Comey did not. He was controversially fired by the president on May 9.  Sally Yates' testified that Flynn could be subject to blackmail by the Russians   Read more: Obama warned Trump about hiring Flynn - CNNPolitics.com Russian officials bragged they could use Michael Flynn to influence Donald Trump, sources say - CNNPolitics.com Share or comment on this article e-mail 6 shares Most watched News videos Dramatic scene of Time Square attacker leaping out of crashed car Man slaps racist woman after she calls him the n-word on a bus Times Square crash victim posted this video just before she died Dog enjoys playful tickle before suddenly falling asleep Weiner leaves court after pleading guilty to sexting a minor Moment suspected sex attacker stalks woman on her phone Chris Cornell's last performance with Soundgarden in Detroit No, NO, Next Question! Trump denies firing Comey over Flynn probe Sickening audio of dad boasting sex with daughter was 'best he'd had' Survivors describe terrifying scene of Times Square car crash Run away! Hillary practices evading hug from Trump at debate prep Police take Times Square crash driver into custody Air France flight heading from Paris to Birmingham... What a creep! After leaking secrets, dodging sex charges... Evil father who abused his daughter for two decades is... Rochdale sex gang leader known as 'Daddy' launches a new... EXCLUSIVE: Judge dismisses 'clock boy' lawsuit saying the... Wife, 38, who was 'addicted' to her cheating husband died... Rolf Harris, 87, is released from prison after three... President Trump and First Lady Melania escape DC... 'You’ll miss your stop, n*****!': Man slaps racist woman... Inside Ian Brady's private photo album: Never-before-seen... Weeping Anthony Weiner begs for forgiveness as he pleads... Dark truth of Oxford student spared jail for stabbing... EXCLUSIVE: US advertising exec gets engaged to royal... Harrowing new video shows the moment a drug-crazed driver... Where it all began: How James wooed Pippa on the luxury... PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: The tragedy of room 1136 - How Chris... ISIS savages execute and then dismember dozens of women... 'I tried to get through to Paris but her mother told me... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 0 Share what you think No comments have so far been submitted. Why not be the first to send us your thoughts, or debate this issue live on our message boards. Add your comment Enter your comment Post comment to your Facebook Timeline What's This? By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Mini-me! Matching Beyonce and daughter Blue Ivy goof about at the Museum Of Ice Cream with Jay-Z on Mother's Day Rocked floral dresses  Taking the plunge! Katy Perry puts ample cleavage on display in sparkling black jumpsuit as she steps out in NYC ahead of her appearance on SNL  Windswept! Nicky Hilton flashes a very pert posterior as she falls victim to gust of wind during stroll with daughter Lily Grace in New York's Soho Hot mama! Amanda Seyfried shows off killer post-baby bod as she attends Twin Peaks premiere...just two months after welcoming first child Bombshell in black! Gwyneth Paltrow hits fashion high note in slinky off-the-shoulder jumpsuit at Goop event Showed off her enviably trim figure  Family funday! Eva Mendes makes rare public outing as she joins Ryan Gosling at the playground with their daughters Doting mother and father Feeling nostalgic? Mariah Carey posts sentimental flashback snap of her with ex Bryan Tanaka...more than a month after calling it quits Watch this space (age)! Braless Kendall Jenner opts for futuristic glamour with suggestive corseted gown and dripping jewels at Cannes bash Wonder what she sees in him! Baywatch star Kelly Rohrbach is dating billionaire Walmart heir who gives her 'flying lessons on his personal plane' Mamma Mia - here we go again! Abba musical sequel gets July 2018 release date... with original cast returning The sequel will feature some old favorites  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE! Penelope Cruz shows off her toned figure in black swimsuit on a break from filming Versace biopic Making a splash! New mom Irina Shayk leaves little to the imagination in yellow thong bikini as she swims in crystal clear water By her side! Ellen DeGeneres keeps it casual in plaid as she goes for stroll with stylish wife Portia De Rossi Time off from her show  'Where's mom?' Flip Or Flop's Tarek El Moussa takes another social media swipe at ex Christina... at their kids' school open house Tension after split  A sheer delight! Sofia Vergara slips into colorful see-through maxi skirt and figure-hugging top for outing in Beverly Hills Flaunted her shape Kim Zolciak and family join Chrissy Teigen at John Legend gig after THAT oral sex offer about daughter Brielle There weren't any sexual favors on the night 'Me at 15 when I discovered push up bras': Paris Hilton shares flashback snap of herself wearing gravity-defying underwear  Sending temperatures soaring! Khloe Kardashian showcases gym-honed figure in nude top and skin-tight jeans as she steps out with Kourtney 'Thank you for inspiring me': Lady Gaga posts heartfelt tribute to Grigio Girls pal Sonja Durham who died after battle with cancer Emotional message  Keeping it real! Makeup-free Lisa Rinna steps out in bandanna and furry slides for outing with daughter Amelia Stepped out in LA Baywatch hunk Zac Efron and co-star Alexandria Daddario arrive at Sydney's Bondi for fan meet-and-greet after denying romance rumors Solange plays two sold-out shows of her new performance piece An Ode To at the Guggenheim in New York City Oh no she Ha-didn't! Model Bella wows on the Cannes red carpet yet again as she steps out in a slinky backless silver dress with a daring thigh-high split  Sassy at 70! Glenn Close and Sally Field show off their style as they lead the stars attending Drama League Awards in NYC In the line of fire! Clint Eastwood signs autographs after being mobbed by fans dressed in KARATE uniforms while dining out in Antibes 13 Reasons Why (she loves the beach)! Kate Walsh, 49, strips to her bikini as she soaks up the Ibiza sun before filming second season of hit show EXCLUSIVE: The tragedy of room 1136 - How Chris Cornell ended his life as Heidi Klum's ex-boyfriend smashed down door to help him after giving him Ativan Fit and fantastic! Anne Hathaway shows off toned arms in a sleeveless tank top after hitting the gym Showcased her dedication to exercise  A satin disaster, marabou madness, toilet brush holder chic and garish gold:  Three Victorias... Silvstedt, Bonya and Hervey lead frock horrors at Cannes  Naomi Campbell, 46, puts on a sartorially savvy display in a plunging glittering gown as she attends The 9th Annual Filmmakers Dinner in Cannes Belle of the ball! Rihanna flashes her toned pins in Victorian-inspired gown while hosting Chopard Party in Cannes Bookish charm: Singer Cody Simpson looks studious and stylish in edgy ensemble as he steps out in Hollywood with a pal Woman of the hour Eva Longoria steals the show in striking white ruffled gown as she hosts THIRD Global Gift Gala of the week at the Cannes Film Festival Curl power! Jennifer Lopez rocks ringlets and NYPD uniform while filming Shades Of Blue The Bronx native was hard at work during filming in New York  Paris Jackson rocks boho chic in peasant blouse and baggy harem pants as she joins pals for dinner Showed off her own sense of style  Justin Theroux and Jennifer Aniston sue neighbor who 'tried to intimidate them' over noisy renovations to their New York home Bella Hadid sizzles in scarlet backless gown as Rihanna opts for bridal-chic in a dramatic ivory dress at the Cannes Film Festival premiere of Okja Winnie Harlow flaunts her sensationally leggy figure in stunning red split ballgown as she steals the spotlight at Chopard bash in Cannes  He can't hide! Mickey Rourke shows off his chest ink as he wears camouflage ensemble for lunch in LA He wore a half-unzipped green hoodie Lupita Nyong'o dresses for summer in '20s-inspired drop waist dress as she makes an appearance at the 70th annual Cannes Film Festival So that's her secret! Megan Fox looks slender in KISS shirt as she leaves yoga session... nine months after welcoming third baby Journey Ariel Winter sports waist-length braid and tiny denim cut-offs at private gym with boyfriend Levi Meaden Showed off a hint of her new red hair  'I didn't even know it existed': Hugh Jackman admits he didn't realise wolverine is a real animal and mistakenly researched WOLVES to prepare for iconic role Sun's out, tum's out! Sofia Richie flashes her toned abs in a cropped gypsy top as she steps out for lunch Lional Richie's daughter showcased her shape  Pippa's copy Kate wedding: There's a fly-past, the bride has TWO dresses and there's even talk of a balcony kiss  Won't be second best PLATELL'S PEOPLE: Pippa Middleton's wedding is big on money and short on class With 300 'close' family and friends and 17lb of Beluga caviar As he polishes his SECOND big father of the bride speech, why Michael Middleton's the dad who can't wait for it all to be over (again) The pressure is on  First Lady fashion face off! Melania Trump stuns in an orange leather skirt and sky-high heels while Ivanka opts for a ladylike floral dress as they join president 'I'm a little bit scared': Baywatch hunk Zac Efron steps out of his acting comfort zone to play NOTORIOUS serial killer Ted Bundy James Packer's stunning ex-wife Erica Packer spotted with mystery man near her Beverly Hills home as model gives him a very friendly backside pat  Preppy in a polo! Selma Blair shows off her equestrian skills as she trots off on her horse Dark in Los Angeles Has been an equestrian fan since she was a teen Julianne Moore gives a saucy flash of her cleavage in plunging velvet gown as she makes radiant arrival at Chopard party in Cannes Sophisticated look  Those bedroom eyes! Topless Kylie Jenner tries out a pixie hairdo while lounging around in smoldering shoot  Artsy low definition black and white photos 'It's another level of extreme waiting': Model Shanina Shaik has caught the acting bug after filming alongside Tom Cruise in The Mummy Sun worshipper! Hilaria Baldwin wears cut-off shorts and pumps as she enjoys NYC's warm weather... while Alec shoots her a confused look Olga Kurylenko shows off svelte figure in chic jumpsuit with risque star cut-outs as she attends annual Filmmakers Dinner in Cannes Style Swoon: From Emily Ratajkowski's Brigitte Bardot-inspired look to Bella Hadid's favorite jeans, FEMAIL reveals the fashions we're loving this week Petra Nemcová risks ANOTHER wardrobe in perilously slashed gown as she bares endless legs and a peek of sideboob at Chopard Cannes bash Adriana Lima is the picture of sophistication in an embellished cape dress as she arrives at Chopard party during Cannes Film Festival  Stunning strapless gown Splurge session! Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are matching in black as they burn their Keeping Up With The Kardashians paychecks in Beverly Hills  Heidi Klum's ex-boyfriend was the bodyguard who gave Chris Cornell two Ativans before his suicide and found his dead body  'Good golly I love you!': Sarah Jessica Parker shares romantic note on 20-YEAR wedding anniversary to Matthew Broderick... after filming Divorce Beaming Elle Fanning is caught off guard by a gust of wind as she slips into a nude pink floor-length frock for another outing at Cannes Film Festival Fatboy Slim cuts a gaunt figure as he steps out in Brighton... eight months after splitting from ex-wife Zoe Ball The pair separated in September  Supermodel Eva Herzigova leads the glamour in thigh-skimming black evening dress at star-studded Cannes Film Festival dinner A model routine! From the exfoliation ritual she does at the BEACH to the drugstore buys she's never without, Miranda Kerr spills her beauty secrets Giving them the slip! Jennifer Lawrence leaves her beau Darren Aronofsky's New York City home wearing same dress for second day in a row Brandi Glanville leaves her bra at home as she flashes her assets in a denim mini-dress at dinner with her billionaire beau DJ Friese Spinning around! Cannes Film Festival jury member Jessica Chastain twirls in a sweeping purple fringed dress at the premiere of new Netflix drama Okja She's gone Hollywood! Flip Or Flop's Christina El Moussa sports Kardashian-style boots after getting tattoos that resemble Angelina Jolie's Smitten Jamie Bell bestows his fiancée Kate Mara with flowers as they steal a kiss while heading out with his three-year-old son in Los Angeles PICTURE EXCLUSIVE:  Meghan Markle drops into a London spa for some last-minute pampering hours before joining Harry at Pippa Middleton's wedding Last minute errands? Duchess of Cambridge is spotted driving her Range Rover through London as she prepares to watch sister Pippa tie the knot  Julianne Moore looks typically chic in shimmering black dress with thigh-high split as she attends Okja premiere at Cannes Film Festival Molly Sims oozes glamour in sweeping off-shoulder ball gown as she attends Ojka premiere at Cannes Film Festival Amazing post-baby body Juliette Binoche, 53, showcases her ageless complexion as she graces the Cannes Film Festival red carpet in a semi-sheer floor-length gown 'I tried to get through to Paris but her mother told me to eff off': Why the Oliver! star who says he's the biological father of Michael Jackson's daughter can't see her Did Kylie Jenner get her look from BRATZ DOLLS? Women are crediting the toy's over-the-top make-up for inspiring today's beauty trends Rosie O'Donnell says Trump fans hound her children, revealing teenagers have even threatened to grab her daughter's 'p****'  Is a strong critic  Lily Collins and Tilda Swinton ooze glamour at the Cannes Film Festival premiere of Okja... after their new movie caused chaos during its first screening Where it all began: How James Matthews wooed Pippa Middleton on the luxury island of St Barths and turned a ten-year friendship into a whirlwind romance  EXCLUSIVE: Princess Beatrice's ex Dave Clark gets engaged to blonde American advertising executive Lynn Anderson Dating just a few months Tom Hardy is set to star in Spider-Man spin-off Venom... as he wears T-shirt printed with character's face to make the announcement Bella! Madonna's daughter Lourdes Leon looks pretty in red dress as she carries large bottle of Italian water in NYC Looking like her mom Die hard Cher fan! Rumer Willis wears fishnets and racy leotard to recreate iconic Turn Back Time performance on Lip Sync Battle Best on our desks: A perfume applied like a POWDER, a concealer that won't crease and a nail polish inspired by lip gloss top our beauty picks of the week Bumping along nicely! Parents-to-be Heidi Montag and Spencer Pratt grocery shop in Venice, California Duo are (finally) moving out of his parents' home  Judge rules Prince's six siblings are heirs to $300m fortune despite a woman who says she married him in Vegas and hundreds of others trying to lay claim  Naomi Watts enjoys quiet family time in NYC with her mother Myfanwy and sons... as her ex Liev Schreiber moves on with new woman Nick and Aaron Carter plan to spread tragic sister Leslie's ashes with their father Bob's after his sudden death Heartbroken Back Street Boys plan tribute Catherine Zeta-Jones will play Griselda Blanco in Lifetime's Cocaine Godmother biopic... as Jennifer Lopez will star in competing version for HBO Something to bark about! Katy Perry cradles her puppy in NYC after ex Orlando Bloom said she'll be 'fantastic' on American Idol redo Julia Roberts, 49, says pal George Clooney 'doesn't need parenting advice' but admits twins can be hard when 'there's no one there at 3 am' Kendall Jenner flashes her underwear in sheer lace co-ords as she lands in Nice for the Cannes Film Festival Boy short-inspired undies  PICTURED: Yolanda Hadid sells LA condo with pool and wine cellar for $5 MILLION as she swaps Beverly Hills for New York to be nearer Bella and Gigi Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson sounds pretty serious about running for president in 2020 as he tells Jimmy Fallon 'people want to see better leadership' Proud mom! Ellie Kemper shares first picture of her baby boy James nine months after welcoming the little cutie to the world Appearing on Today  Already on the town! Leonardo DiCaprio, 42, is seen leaving Hollywood nightclub with Tobey Maguire after splitting from Nina Agdal, 25 That's some bachelor pad! Tobey Maguire snaps up modern-looking $3.4m West Hollywood home after split from wife Jennifer Meyer Behind-the-scenes Beauty and the Beast clip reveals how TEN people worked on Belle's yellow ball gown - and it took 238 hours to make And that's reality! Kim Kardashian watches as she's voted 'most annoying celebrity' on Family Feud She even posted footage on  Snapchat It's Now Or Never: Elvis' last privately owned jet is being auctioned after sitting on a runway in New Mexico for 30 years and it could fetch $3.5million Pregnant Bar Refaeli, 31, shows off her beautiful baby bump in a striped bikini as she kicks back on the beach  Expecting second child Viewers get their first glimpse of the new Dynasty as Nathalie Kelley and Elizabeth Giles duke it out as rivals Fallon and Cristal in first trailer  'What you're missing is your life': Sheryl Crow reveals she has BANNED smartphones in her house so she can enjoy spending time with her children Embarrassment for Netflix as its Cannes premiere of $50million film 'Okja' is STOPPED as viewers 'almost riot' and screen breaks  Red faces all round Olivia Wilde in ultra-sheer skirt... before being unveiled as True Botanicals' chief brand activist Also wore quirky Cat Sabbath t-shirt 'Helping mama!': Former Spice Girl Geri Horner melts the hearts of her fans as she shares snap of baby son Monty applying her lip liner on Instagram Sienna Miller swaps boho chic for tougher look as she films scenes for new movie The Burning Woman On set in Bridgewater, Massachusetts Married at First Sight star says he wants to be 'romantic' with wife - despite telling her he just wants to be 'FRIENDS' on night she thought they'd have sex Russian model Natasha Poly displays her beach body in a scarlet swimsuit while taking a break from the Cannes Film Festival on a luxury yacht Makeup-free Sofia Vergara heads to salon in skin-tight capris... as Joe Manganiello flexes for Men's Health Modern Family diva let her natural beauty shine  David Beckham shares a joke with Guy Ritchie and Charlie Hunnam in a behind-the-scenes snap on set of King Arthur... as movie's lead defends him after criticism Eva Longoria packs on the PDA with husband José Bastón in Cannes as they prepare to celebrate their first wedding anniversary together In her swimsuit! Tennis legend Serena Williams shows off her baby bump while on a yacht in Florida as she's now 24 weeks along in her pregnancy Nicole Scherzinger accidentally flashes her underwear in risqué gown at Dirty Dancing premiere... before leaving with J-Lo's ex Casper Smart 'Happiest girls are the prettiest girls!': Jennifer Lopez shares cute photo with her mini me daughter Emme, nine, during downtime in NYC Busy mom-of-two Baywatch bombshell Kelly Rohrbach shows off her hourglass curves and long legs in a belted pink dress The 27-year-old star  turned heads  EXCLUSIVE - Chris Cornell warmly greeted fans outside his sold-out show an hour before his death but was slurring his words as he called his wife  Elle Fanning dons chic phone-print gown as she channels old Hollywood glamour at Cannes Film Festival Looking every inch the silver siren Leggy lady! Erin Holland flaunts svelte figure in funky burgundy frock as she says goodbye to Sydney Fashion Week and hello to brunette locks Candyfloss Queen! Victoria Silvstedt shows off her endless tanned pins in a bubblegum pink minidress as leaves her hotel to attend the Cannes Film Festival Cracked it! Kim Kardashian celebrates becoming the sixth person to join the 100M followers club on Instagram 'Can't believe it' Look away Bieber! Kim Kardashian's best friend Jonathan Cheban is seen on date with Justin's ex Chantel Jeffries Surprise hookup Family business! Teresa Giudice and Melissa Gorga look lovely in blush and red as they attend the opening of Joe's eatery Her husband is in jail  Elisabeth Moss opts for sporty airport attire as she touches down in bustling Cannes to promote The Square Ready to throw herself into buzzing atmosphere  Duggar sisters file lawsuit against magazine and Arkansas city who 'revealed their identities after they told police they had been molested by brother' Hoping to get noticed! Becky G puts on eye-popping display in plunging white frock at Hollywood premiere The singer stunned as she flaunted her figure Downhill kisser! Lindsey Vonn shares an awkward smooch with her boyfriend Kenan Smith at Pirates Of The Caribbean premiere Attempted PDA She's goth it! Rita Ora flaunts her enviable toned legs in thigh-skimming pleated mini skirt as she channels grunge chic in London Always busy singer And they stay there! DJ Khaled stuns University of California graduates with a surprise performance of his song All I Do Is Win during their commencement You beauty! Jessica Gomes shows off her hourglass figure in swimsuit during beach photoshoot in Sydney Stars with Bruce Willis in new flick next month 'Never say never!': Judith Light, 68, teases there could be revival of her hit Eighties sitcom Who's The Boss? The 68-year-old star was talking in NYC  What's all the fuss about? Carefree Jennifer Lawrence takes the dog for a walk in NYC... after defending racy pole dance footage from wild night out Country singer Toby Keith to play an all-male concert in Saudi Arabia with a Middle Eastern lute player during President Trump's visit to the nation Busting out! Justin Bieber's rumored ex Sahara Ray flaunts her VERY ample assets in lacy black lingerie while at Tiger Mist photo shoot Posted series of clips The final countdown! The Middleton and Matthews clans attend a last rehearsal before Pippa and James' big day as the finishing touches are made Security surrounding Pippa Middleton's nuptials is ramped up with metal fencing, security camera and sniffer dogs put in place near family's home  Monochrome magic: Jessica Chastain cuts a chic figure in a lacy white top and large sunglasses at the 70th annual Cannes Film Festival Is there anything he can't do? Hugh Jackman drops his phone and still manages to accidentally snap an impressive selfie Shared on social media Braless Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, leaves little to the imagination as she strolls through Cannes in a bold see-through dress Daring socialite Baywatch's Zac Efron coyly addresses rumors of romance with co-star Alexandra Daddario ...after revealing they share an unusual bedroom craving 'Purposeful poop': Ruby Rose slams Katy Perry's 'Taylor Swift diss track' Swish Swish as 'a sloppy mess' The squad stays very loyal to their leader Eva Longoria displays her trim figure in simple sportswear as she goes for a jog around Cannes with her husband José Bastón Early morning workout Sarah Hyland flaunts her cleavage and enviably lean legs in a risque black and white dress at Dirty Dancing premiere Turning heads Gordon Ramsay spills secrets of restaurant trade (including how the soup 'du jour' isn't always made fresh) Says Valentine's Day is worst day to eat out Wedding's off (again)! Teen Mom's Amber Portwood and fiancé Matt Baier put fall nuptials 'on hold' The couple are 'working on their relationship' Yee haw! Nashville reveals Rachel Bilson and Kaitlin Doubleday's roles for first time in new promo Hit drama based around country music capital Go hard or go home! Singer Iggy Azalea flaunts her toned stomach and ample cleavage in a crop top and skintight leggings as she promotes Switch Mariah Carey, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she flashes skimpy thong in skintight leggings on a dinner date with twins Moroccan and Monroe  Busy Philipps is bright and beautiful in a tiered rainbow dress as she hosts Hollywood charity gala The actress put on an eye-catching display It's in her jeans! Emily Ratajkowski swaps her red carpet plunging threads for laid back double denim as she jets out of Cannes Film Festival Kate Beckinsale keeps a low profile in glamorous leather pants and mohair jacket as she dines out in Hollywood All-black ensemble Ramona Singer, 60, celebrates her 22-year-old daughter's college graduation with a throwback photo of herself in a string bikini posing with her little girl  Glamorous Lily Collins stuns in striking sequin skirt as she leads the style at Okja photocall... after her movie is booed at Cannes Film Festival Red carpet queen So THAT'S what's in her handbag! Queen Elizabeth clutches a purse emblazoned with her friend Archduchess Helen of Austria as she leaves party in London 'They probably don't want us showing them up!' Pippa Middleton's fish and chip shop owner cousin on why he didn't get an invite to the wedding of the year  Heavenly! Angelina Jolie is angelic in all-white as she enjoys shopping trip with Zahara and Pax... as moving trucks are seen at $25million mansion 'This has hit him very hard': Brad Pitt 'in shock' over the deaths of his two great friends Brad Grey and Chris Cornell Tough times for hunk 'Been wanting this for a long time': Flip Or Flop's Christina El Moussa gets her kids' birth dates inked on her arm Showed off the new ink Excuse me Ms Jackson! Paris shows off her eclectic style and taut tum as she goes braless on a coffee run with a male pal  Cut a cool figure  'It's a tradition now': Johnny Depp greets Jimmy Kimmel with big kiss on the lips while appearing on chat show Actor locked lips with the host  Carpool Harry-oke! Styles and James Corden swap clothes, re-enact Titanic and sing a duet of Endless Love in hilarious new Carpool Karaoke Katie Holmes shows off her natural beauty as she rocks a simple vest top and denim skirt for The Kennedys After Camelot photocall She plays Jackie O Added protection! Amber Rose is joined by bodyguard while out in LA... just one day after intruder broke into home while she was sleeping Extra protection  SPOILER ALERT: Scandal season six comes to a gripping finale full of political intrigue Final episode of penultimate season  Sealed with a kiss! Dutch Queen Maxima warmly greets Qatar's Sheikha Mozah as both stylish royals opt for statement sleeves to attend a law seminar  Peep show! Laverne Cox stuns in sheer lingerie but uses her long hair to strategically protect her modesty Orange Is the New Black star posted sexy selfie Keeping the flame alive! New redhead Ariel Winter shows off her fit figure as she hits the gym with boyfriend Levi Recently celebrated their six-month anniversary Is Swish Swish about Taylor Swift? Katy Perry fans claim lyrics about a 'calculating and selfish sheep' in new 'diss track' are aimed at the star's arch rival Jennifer Garner is a vision in strapless dress as she joins Bryan Cranston at Wakefield NYC screening Actress and mother wowed on the red carpet Ivanka's son Theo takes his first steps: First daughter uploads adorable video of youngster walking for the first time  Mom took to Twitter  Now that's a real Family Feud! Steve Harvey's ex-wife demands $60m for 'emotional anguish' more than 10 years after bitter divorce Margot Robbie shows off her slender legs in tight leggings as she and husband Tom Ackerley take their rescue puppy for a walk following romantic trip Dance Moms star Abby Lee Miller gets court approval to travel from LA to NYC for paid TV appearances But she is still going behind bars next month Alec Baldwin gets $1.25 million for El Dorado apartment on New York City's Upper West Side The property was said to be used as an office  Amanda Seyfried shares a tender kiss with Thomas Sadoski as they take seven-week-old daughter on stroll in Hollwood Joyful moment 'Can we move on?' Nicole Kidman squirms as she's probed about filming risqué scenes with Colin Farrell... while sat next to her husband Keith Urban The look of love! Kate Bosworth gazes adoringly at husband Michael Polish as they sport co-coordinating black at charity gala More smitten than ever  'We stick it out': Brian Austin Green reveals how he makes marriage with Megan Fox last through rocky times Actor said their chemistry has helped them  Olivia Culpo looks flawless and bronzed in strapless white dress at Saks Fifth Avenue launch of The Collective in New York City Flashed quite a lot of leg SPOILER ALERT: Grey's Anatomy regular departs the hospital in show's surprising 13th season finale Big drama after fire at Grey Sloan Memorial  Eagle-eyed fans catch Alex Rodriguez's eyebrow-raising broadcast notes which include 'birth control' and 'pull out stuff' J-Lo's boyfriend Princess Eugenie shrugs off reports she is lazy and insists she works 'really hard' as the royal reveals she's a huge fan of Netflix drama The Crown  'She hates it when people say I'm 12': Liam Payne, 23, addresses 10-year age gap with girlfriend Cheryl, 33... as he admits having a baby was 'mad'  Bella Thorne is swamped by flowers as she receives two more bouquets from mystery admirer... after being spotted with Scott Disick Bikini-clad Blac Chyna flashes underboob as she shows off her tiny post-baby waist while lounging poolside The model also donned a purple wig The VERY racy secrets of The Graduate as film turns 50: Dustin Hoffman pawed his leading ladies and Doris Day found the script offensive, BRIAN VINER reveals Alan Thicke's widow hits back at 'gold digger' claims and says stepsons are trying to smear her because 'she won't let them run a marijuana farm'  Peek-a-boo! Kendall Jenner flashes a nipple as she arrives at LAX bra-less in semi-sheer crochet top and matching see-through pants Braless Bella suffers ANOTHER wardrobe malfunction in semi-sheer boob tube on Cannes night out... hours after flashing her lingerie at opening gala Flame-haired Amber Heard flaunts cleavage in skintight costume as she transforms into green sea goddess Mera in first look at Aquaman film role Kaya Scodelario and hubby Benjamin Walker put on a romantic display at Pirates Of The Caribbean premiere... as she reveals relief of not landing 'romantic part'  Johnny Depp says he would take over impersonating Trump on Saturday Night Live if Alec Baldwin steps down Has played him before Golden girl! Christina Ricci flaunts cleavage as she rocks embellished dress at charity gala in NYC Had a dazzling red carpet moment Robert Downey Jr. snaps up the historic Windmill Cottage in East Hampton for $11.9m The home was built in 1885 and comes with its own library  Fresh-faced Kris Jenner sports bright red Adidas tracksuit as she leaves Kardashian go-to skin clinic The 61-year-old sported the flashy name brand  Still dressing alike! Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen rock similar looks as they step out together in NYC The twins matched in blue in the Big Apple   The Talk's Aisha Tyler divorce settlement calls for $2 million in spousal support over four years to ex-husband Jeff Tietjens Big pay out for actress Well she is engaged to Billy Elliot star Jamie Bell! Kate Mara leaves ballet workout session in Los Angeles sporting  a New York Giants t-shirt Family owns NFL team All that jazz! Australian actor Hugh Jackman supports Bette Midler as she launches her new show on Broadway Best known for hisrole as Woolverine Glowing Eva Longoria slips into chic jumpsuit as she reunites with dapper husband José Bastón in Cannes... days before their first wedding anniversary The diva goes casual! Mariah Carey slips into skintight, black tank top and floral leggings as she heads to grocery store in Santa Monica  Stunning shape  Sealed with a kiss! Besotted Pierce Brosnan locks lips with wife Keely Shaye Shaw on a Hawaiian beach as the couple celebrate his 64th birthday Jennifer Garner looks chic in pinstripe dress as she heads to The Late Show to see her old friend Stephen Colbert The 45-year-old actress wowed in NYC   PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Liev Schreiber enjoys romantic outing with Gerard Butler's ex Morgan Brown... eight months after split from Naomi Watts Dinner with a Duchess! Camilla welcomes leading lights of British theatre to Clarence House for an intimate evening in honour of Sir Tom Stoppard  EXCLUSIVE: Pippa's $427,000 wedding will be SCOTTISH-themed complete with haggis canapés, whisky and bagpipes - plus $51,000 worth of caviar Aha me hearties! Johnny Depp ditches pirates garb for silver and black three-piece suit at Dead Men Tell No Tales premiere in Hollywood Dwayne Johnson gets his 'mind blown' while playing air cannon game with Jimmy Fallon on The Tonight Show Better known as The Rock Supergirls! Lucy Hale goes sheer as she poses up with heroic Melissa Benoist at The CW Upfronts in NYC Star of The CW's Supergirl  Bra-vo! Monica Bellucci, 52, reveals her lingerie in daring sheer dress as she steps out at 70th annual Cannes Film Festival... after THAT opening ceremony kiss Mel B's former nanny Lorraine Gilles accuses singer of lying to judge over recent serving of legal documents The legal dispute is hotting up  Legs for days! Irina Shayk drapes her spellbinding post-baby body in a tiny smock while heading through LAX Flaunted her physique  Jeff Goldblum confesses his man crush on Chris Hemsworth and admits he feels like a 'dung beetle' around the buff star He will have his vengeance! Russell Crowe has 'continuously discussed' a sequel to Gladiator with director Ridley Scott... despite his character DYING  Leading man! Joel Edgerton cuts a dapper figure as he celebrates Ridley Scott's hand and footprint ceremony on Hollywood's Walk of Fame The blue shoes buccaneer! Orlando Bloom wears trainers with snazzy suit at Pirates Of The Caribbean premiere Making a statement New York chic! Kerry Washington stuns in grey mini dress for Scandal viewing party at Manhattan's Paley Center It's the season finale! LeAnn Rimes looks ethereal in white gown as she joins legendary songwriter Diane Warren on the red carpet at the ASCAP Pop Awards Harry Styles releases a trailer for his documentary on making of his album as he gets a haircut, has a mould made of his face and is suspended 50ft in the air 'It's not my sort of music': Liam Payne brands One Direction bandmate Harry Style's debut single as 'not something I'd listen to' Gianvito Rossi 'refused to give Serena Williams a discount because the luxury company didn't want African American women wearing its shoes' The Empire Strikes Door! Star Wars search is on to find the clumsy Stormtrooper behind the most famous movie blooper of all time Susan Sarandon, 70, appears totally ageless as she shares TOPLESS snap from Cannes 39 years ago... hours before hitting red carpet in lookalike ensemble Braless Robin Wright flashes her nipples in slinky gown at Cannes... as she reveals her shock at being paid less than House Of Cards co-star Kevin Spacey Sizzling Adriana Lima grapples with her assets as Petra Nmcová suffers a lingerie-flashing wardrobe mishap at Loveless premiere in Cannes Angelina Jolie moves on as large trucks are spotted outside sprawling new $25million mansion in LA... just eight months after split with Brad Pitt She's engaged! Bachelorette Rachel Lindsay reveals she's accepted a proposal from one of her 31 suitors... and the show has not even debuted 'It didn't feel right at the time': Russell Crowe finally reveals why he turned down iconic Wolverine role before suggesting Hugh Jackman instead 'I've been every size!' Jessica Simpson says her clothing line caters to skinny and plus-sized women because she doesn't want to leave anyone out Just the two of us! Zac Efron takes the wheel during sunset boat cruise with Baywatch co-star Alexandra Daddario... after denying romance rumors 'I don't believe in diets': Zoe Saldana highlights her svelte 115lb frame in tight dresses for Shape magazine as she talks not 'depriving' herself Brie Larson stars opposite Woody Harrelson and Naomi Watts in emotional new trailer for The Glass Castle Bravura performance Quick change! Emily Ratajkowski displays svelte figure in quirky cold shoulder dress... after wowing in dramatic gown at Cannes Film Festival   Tat's amazing! Ricky Martin hides numerous tattoos while shirtless on set of American Crime Story in Miami His ripped physique  drives his fans wild Teresa Giudice flashes a huge smile as she celebrates her 45th birthday with her daughters while her husband is in prison for fraud Love the new look, Nicole! How Kidman became a punk queen  Kidman plays Queen Boadicea, in her new film, How To Talk To Girls At Parties Leggy Cara Delevingne opts for edgy glamor in asymmetric gown with shaved hair as she joins lingerie-clad Lily Donaldson at Magnum bash in Cannes Fresh-faced Christina Aguilera has an umbrella handler make sure she doesn't get too much sun as she arrives on Montreal set of Zoe 'He has a big, warm heart': Russell Crowe speaks of his close relationship with John Laws and says he 'loves to sit down and have a Wild Turkey' with him Sweat it out! Newly-single Amy Schumer pounds streets of New York during fitness session after split from boyfriend Ben Hanisch Together for 18 months Beach babes! Ashley Graham puts curves on show as she poses with 90s supermodel Niki Taylor and Kanye West muse Teyana Taylor in Baywatch-style shoot It takes a village! Kim Kardashian shows off glamorous Cannes look from last year with a behind-the-scenes glimpse at the primping process Missing Ruby? The Veronicas' Jessica Origliasso hugs her pillow tightly and checks her phone as she and sister Lisa head to Darwin for concert Rihanna exudes old-school Hollywood glamour in sweeping tulle gown as she arrives at star-studded launch of her Chopard jewellery line in Cannes Elle Fanning displays her enviably taut abs in black crop top and patterned skirt as she enjoys day out in Cannes Put on a showstopping display  Back in her Daisy Dukes! Penelope Cruz takes a break from playing glam queen Donatella Versace for The Assassination Of Gianni series Plenty more where that came from! Blink 182's Travis Barker sells one of his five homes... and someone drummed up a bargain  Cut his property portfolio Melania announces she'll join Trump on their first foreign trip as President and First Lady to Saudi Arabia, Israel, Rome, Brussels, and Sicily Arise, Sir Becks... King of Hamelot: David Beckham's cameo my just be the best thing about Guy Ritchie's King Arthur, says BRIAN VINER Emily Ratajkowski flashes her cleavage in gothic gown with embellished sheer catsuit as she leads the red carpet glamor at  Cannes Film Festival  Liam Payne reveals Cheryl nearly ENDED their relationship in early days... as he admits school friends teased him for winking at her at first X Factor audition If anyone Cannes, Sara Cannes! Ms. Sampaio goes makeup-free as she steps out in lace playsuit... the morning after her dazzling opening night display 'She told me to never, ever pluck my eyebrows!': Kaia Gerber, 15, reveals mom Cindy Crawford, 51, insisted tweezing would be a big regret Lily Donaldson dazzles in a sheer lingerie-inspired dress at the Loveless premiere during the Cannes Film Festival Do you Believe? Cher, 70, says she's not a fan of her own music ahead of winning Icon honor at the Billboard Awards The singer claimed: 'I'm not a Cher fan' EXCLUSIVE: Courtney Stodden, 22, reveals her addiction to prescription drugs - which she mixes with CHAMPAGNE - to cope with depression after miscarriage 'It's rare that I see somebody who I can relate to': Star of Shonda Rhimes' new show calls for more diversity in film and the beauty industries Code red! Karlie Kloss is a vision in ruby as she heads to meeting for her organization Koding With Klossy Strutted her way down a New York street  Summer of love! Tom Daley, 22, and new husband Dustin Lance Black, 42, enjoy a date night at the Hunter festival kick off party Tied the knot last week  The hottest product in Hollywood? Sunscreen! As the weather heats up, FEMAIL details the sunblocks that the stars use to keep their skin flawless Date night! Miley Cyrus rocks double denim as she strolls hand-in-hand with Liam Hemsworth on romantic evening in New York Pair closer than ever Her knight in shining armour! King Arthur star Poppy Delevingne is joined by husband James Cook as she leads the glamor in sweeping red jumpsuit  And she liked it! Miley Cyrus claims Katy Perry's song I Kissed a Girl was about her Former Hannah Montana star was only 15 when they locked lips The ladies like him! Drew Barrymore and Kerry Washington pose with Broadway star Ben Platt after taking in his musical Dear Evan Hansen Jennifer Lawrence beams in $700 feminist T-shirt in London after going wild at strip club on best friend's birthday Sported fashion with a message  Plus size model Barbie Ferreira strips down on camera as she reveals she was bullied by other fashion stars on set because she was the only 'fat girl' Winnie Harlow looks sensational in dramatic sapphire blue gown as she attends Loveless premiere at the Cannes Film Festival Not usual edgy self Amy Schumer manages a smile as she reveals she's looking for a 'nice guy' in first appearance since split from boyfriend Ben Hanisch It's over! Leonardo DiCaprio, 42, and Danish model Nina Agdal, 25, break up after a year of dating The couple split four days ago Deadliest Catch star Sig Hansen 'arrested for assault after spitting on Uber driver and kicking car' The fishing captain was detained in Seattle  Single in the city: Beaming Naomi Watts cuts an elegant figure in pleated dress while ex Liev Schreiber enjoys romantic date with new woman Morgan Brown 'Takes a monster to defeat a monster': Tom Cruise pairs with Annabelle Wallis as he battles undead Sofia Boutella in latest trailer for The Mummy     DON'T MISS Today's headlines Most Read President Trump and First Lady Melania escape DC scandalfest for nine-day foreign tour - the first since... BREAKING NEWS: Fired FBI director agrees to testify in front of Senate intel committee after it's revealed... Key White House adviser is person of interest in Russia probe 'I'm convinced Trump is nuts': Father of fired FBI Director James Comey defends his son and says he was... Family of murdered DNC staffer Seth Rich threaten private investigator with legal action after he claimed... PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: The tragedy of room 1136 - How Chris Cornell ended his life as Heidi Klum's ex-boyfriend... REVEALED: Jared Kushner 'personally called Lockheed Martin CEO to get better price for the Saudis in $100bn... White House lawyers are 'consulting experts to research impeachment procedures' Terrified passengers subdue Turkish man on American Airlines flight from LA to Honolulu after he tried to... Draft of Trump's Saudi speech calls terror fight 'a battle between good and evil' – but omits the magic... Dramatic moment straphangers save young woman who fainted and tumbled onto Boston subway track moments... Five people remain hospitalized - including a mother-of-three who was left paralyzed - after eating nacho... 'Moon dust' from Apollo 11 mission that was sold for $995 is now worth $4million as it heads to auction  Iranian President Hassan Rouhani leads in country's election with initial count of 58 percent  Illegal immigrant who went to UConn is arrested for 103 counts of anti-Trump vandalism around the school Aaron Hernandez threatened 'to kill a guard and his family and fought an inmate who spit in his face' during... New dilemma for Trump: Will he ask the UK to extradite Julian Assange or let Wikileaks founder slip away? EXCLUSIVE: Judge dismisses 'clock boy' lawsuit saying the school didn't discriminate against Ahmed Mohamed... Man, 57, 'removes transgender woman's testicles with Army surgical kit during illicit procedure she asked... Two police commanders are demoted to captains for 'leaking body camera footage' of controversial arrest of a... Cuban armed robber who turned his life around after being mistakenly paroled 90 years early is pardoned by... Weeping Anthony Weiner begs for forgiveness as he pleads guilty for sexting a 15-year-old girl, accepts a... Huma Abedin FINALLY files for divorce from 'sick' Anthony Weiner on SAME DAY he appears in court while... Stampede at New York's Barclays Center during Future concert after 'loud boom' prompts fears of gun shots  Shepard Smith fights back tears during emotional tribute to Roger Ailes, detailing how Fox News founder... Fox News fires The Five co-host Bob Beckel a second time after he told an African-American IT employee who... Chemistry teacher, 35, arrested for having sex with a 17-year-old student High school teacher and volleyball coach, 31, is accused of repeatedly having sex with her male student Rides in Airbus’s self-flying cars will cost ‘the equivalent of a normal taxi’: Firm reveals passengers will... MORE HEADLINES EXCLUSIVE: Judge dismisses 'clock boy' lawsuit saying the school didn't discriminate against Ahmed Mohamed when the Muslim teen's teacher called the police because she thought he made a bomb President Trump and First Lady Melania escape DC scandalfest for nine-day foreign tour - the first since they entered the White House - with Jared and Ivanka in tow. Next stop, Saudi Arabia What a creep! After leaking secrets, dodging sex charges and costing the UK £13m, Julian Assange marks end of rape probe by giving world a human rights lecture Weeping Anthony Weiner begs for forgiveness as he pleads guilty for sexting a 15-year-old girl, accepts a prison sentence of up to 27 months and registers as a SEX OFFENDER as Huma files for divorce 'You’ll miss your stop, n*****!': Man slaps racist woman in the face after she taunts him and calls him the n-word four times on bus journey  Harrowing new video shows the moment a drug-crazed driver hurtles through pedestrians in Times Square at ferocious speed before crashing into safety posts then stumbles out of his car PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: The tragedy of room 1136 - How Chris Cornell ended his life as Heidi Klum's ex-boyfriend smashed down the door to help him after giving him two Ativans before his suicide Embarrassment for Netflix when Cannes premiere of $50million film 'Okja' is STOPPED after viewers 'almost riot' over refusal to show in France and then the screen broke... Heidi Klum's ex-boyfriend was the bodyguard who gave Chris Cornell two Ativans before his suicide and found his dead body - as his heartbroken wife says singer's death was 'inexplicable' Fox News fires The Five co-host Bob Beckel a second time after he told an African-American IT employee who came to his office: 'I'm leaving because you're black' EXCLUSIVE: Frugal wife of Wizard of Lies Bernie Madoff treats herself to a $20 pair of glasses at a CVS, a bottle of wine and a day of discount grocery shopping on her 76th birthday before coming home to a flower delivery from a special someone Where it all began: How James wooed Pippa on the luxury island of St Barths and turned a ten-year friendship into a whirlwind romance which will see them walk down the aisle tomorrow BREAKING NEWS: Fired FBI director agrees to testify in front of Senate intel committee after it's revealed Trump bragged to Russians that he had fired 'nut job' Comey and it would 'take the pressure' off election probe Huma Abedin FINALLY files for divorce from 'sick' Anthony Weiner on SAME DAY he appears in court while wearing his wedding ring to plead guilty to sexting girl, 15 and face two years in jail Air France flight heading from Paris to Birmingham declares a mid-air emergency  You're not grabbing me! Hysterical footage surfaces of Hillary practicing avoiding dreaded hug from Trump ahead of debate Wife, 38, who was 'addicted' to her cheating husband died of an overdose after she was sent naked pictures of him and her friend, inquest hears It's now or never! Elvis' last privately-owned jet to be auctioned off for up to $3.5MILLION after sitting for 30 years on a Roswell runway Distraught father of 18-year-old Times Square victim was rushed to hospital to 'calm down after going to police precinct and threatening to kill drug-crazed driver' German woman is jailed for chopping off her lover’s head with a circular saw while he wore blacked-out diving goggles during kinky sex session  'I tried to get through to Paris but her mother told me to eff off': Why the Oliver! child star who claims he's the biological father of Michael Jackson's daughter is banned from seeing her  Times Square driver in court: Driver says he laced his marijuana with PCP, as it's revealed he spent time in a military prison, heard voices and 'wasn't the same after being discharged from the Navy' EXCLUSIVE: US advertising exec gets engaged to royal Bea's American ex, just six months after meeting him (but princess may come to the wedding) Evil father who abused his daughter for two decades is jailed after she recorded him on her mobile boasting that it was the 'best sex he'd ever had'  Father-of-five looks so much like Obama he gets mobbed for selfies everywhere he goes (but he claims former US president looks like HIM) PIERS MORGAN: Dear Donald, when did the ballsy winner who was going to Make America Great Again turn into President Paranoid Snowflake? Stop whining. Your friend, Piers 'Help me, my parents are dead': Boy, 5, saves his mom and dad's lives after walking two blocks alone to raise the alarm when they overdosed on heroin in front of him and his three-month-old sister Pippa's copy Kate wedding: There's a fly-past, the bride has TWO dresses and there's even talk of a balcony kiss. No danger of THIS little sister settling for second best!  Three teens including ex-high school quarterback are charged with capital murder of boy, six, who was 'shot dead in the back of a car they stole' MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In SUBSCRIBE NOW Get unlimited access to Globe.com today Menu SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Nation SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Metro Sports Business & Tech Opinion Politics Lifestyle Arts Cars Real Estate Most popular on bostonglobe.com Based on what you've read recently, you might be interested in theses stories From bad to worst: Celtics humiliated in Game 2 Celtics are the new tomato can in town Attorney general orders Malden charter school to stop punishing black students for hairstyles Comey agrees to testify in open session before Senate Intelligence Committee Today's Paper Magazine Obituaries Weather Comics Crossword The Big Picture Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Russia probe reaches a top ofﬁcial in White House E-Mail Share via e-mail To Add a message Your e-mail Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Comments Print The Boston Globe Tweet Share By Devlin Barrett and Matt Zapotosky Washington Post  May 20, 2017 WASHINGTON — The law enforcement investigation into possible coordination between Russia and the Trump campaign has identified a current White House official as a significant person of interest, showing that the probe is reaching into the highest levels of government, according to people familiar with the matter. The senior White House adviser under scrutiny by investigators is someone close to the president, according to these people, who would not further identify the official. Advertisement The revelation comes as the investigation appears to be entering a more overtly active phase, with investigators shifting from work that has remained largely hidden from the public to conducting interviews and using a grand jury to issue subpoenas. The intensity of the probe is expected to accelerate in the coming weeks, the people said. Separately on Friday, Senate Intelligence Committee leaders announced that former FBI director James Comey had agreed to testify publicly before their panel sometime after Memorial Day, though a date had not been set. The public commitment to testify comes after a tumultuous week and a half since President Trump dismissed Comey as director. Get Ground Game in your inbox: Daily updates and analysis on national politics from James Pindell. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here In addition to the person of interest in the FBI probe, the sources emphasized that investigators remain keenly interested in people who previously wielded influence in the Trump campaign and administration but are no longer part of it, including former national security adviser Michael Flynn and former campaign chairman Paul Manafort. Flynn resigned in February after disclosures that he had lied to administration officials about his contacts with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak. Current administration officials who have acknowledged contacts with Russian officials include Trump’s son-in-law, Jared Kushner, as well as Attorney General Jeff Sessions, and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. People familiar with the investigation said the intensifying effort does not mean that criminal charges are near, or that any such charges will result. Earlier this week, Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein appointed former FBI director Robert Mueller III to serve as special counsel and lead the investigation into Russian meddling. Advertisement It is unclear exactly how Mueller’s leadership will affect the direction of the probe, and he is already bringing in new people to work on the team. Those familiar with the case said its significance had increased before Mueller’s appointment. Although the case began quietly last July as an effort to determine whether any Trump associates coordinated with Russian operatives to meddle in the presidential election campaign, the investigative work now being done by the FBI also includes determining whether any financial crimes were committed by people close to the president. The people familiar with the matter said the probe has sharpened into something more fraught for the White House, the FBI, and the Justice Department — particularly because of the public steps investigators know they now need to take, the people said. When subpoenas are issued or interviews are requested, it is possible the people being asked to talk or provide documents will reveal publicly what they were asked about. A small group of lawmakers known as the Gang of Eight was notified of the change in tempo and focus in the investigation at a classified briefing Wednesday evening, the people familiar with the matter said. Comey publicly confirmed the existence of the investigation in March, when he was still FBI director. Justice Department spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores said, ‘‘I can’t confirm or deny the existence or nonexistence of investigations or targets of investigations.’’ An FBI spokesman declined to comment. White House spokesman Sean Spicer said, ‘‘As the president has stated before, a thorough investigation will confirm that there was no collusion between the campaign and any foreign entity.’’ While there has been a loud public debate in recent days over the question of whether the president might have attempted to obstruct justice in his private dealings with Comey, people familiar with the matter said investigators on the case are more focused on Russian influence operations and possible financial crimes. The FBI’s investigation seeks to determine whether and to what extent Trump associates were in contact with Kremlin operatives, what business dealings they might have had in Russia, and whether they in any way facilitated the hacking and publishing of e-mails from the Democratic National Committee and Hillary Clinton’s campaign chairman, John Podesta, during the presidential campaign. Several congressional committees are also investigating, though their probes could not produce criminal charges. A grand jury in Alexandria, Va., recently issued a subpoena for records related to Flynn’s business, the Flynn Intel Group, which was paid more than $500,000 by a company owned by a Turkish American businessman close to top Turkish officials, according to people familiar with the matter. The Flynn Intel Group was paid for research on Fethullah Gulen, a cleric who Turkey’s current president believes was responsible for a coup attempt last summer. Flynn retroactively registered with the Justice Department in March as a paid foreign agent for Turkish interests. Flynn also received $45,000 to appear in 2015 with President Vladimir Putin of Russia at a dinner for RT, a Kremlin-controlled media firm. Flynn discussed US sanctions against Russia with Russia’s ambassador to the United States during the month before Trump took office, and he withheld that fact from the vice president. That prompted then-acting attorney general Sally Yates to warn the White House’s top lawyer that Flynn might be susceptible to blackmail. Flynn stepped down after The Washington Post reported on the call. The president has nonetheless seemed to defend his former adviser. A memo by Comey alleged that Trump asked that the probe into Flynn be shut down. The White House also has acknowledged that Kushner met with Kislyak, the Russian ambassador to the United States, in late November. Kushner also has acknowledged that he met with the head of a Russian development bank, Vnesheconombank, which has been under US sanctions since July 2014. Kushner initially omitted contacts with foreign leaders from a national security questionnaire, though his lawyer has said publicly that he submitted the form prematurely and informed the FBI soon afterward that he would provide an update. Vnesheconombank handles development for the state, and in early 2015, a man purporting to be one of its New York-based employees was arrested and accused of being an unregistered spy. That man — Evgeny Buryakov — ultimately pleaded guilty and was eventually deported. He had been in contact with former Trump adviser Carter Page, though Page has said he shared only ‘‘basic immaterial information and publicly available research documents’’ with the Russian. Page was the subject of a secret warrant last year issued by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, based on suspicions he might have been acting as an agent of the Russian government, according to people familiar with the matter. Page has denied any wrongdoing, and accused the government of violating his civil rights. Loading comments... Top 10 Trending Articles Most Viewed Most Commented Most Shared Real journalists. Real journalism. Subscribe to The Boston Globe today. My Account Log in Manage my Account Mobile Customer Service Sign Up For Newsletters Contact Help FAQs Globe newsroom Advertise Social Facebook Twitter Google+ More ePaper News in Education Archives Privacy policy Terms of service Terms of purchase Work at Boston Globe Media © 2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC One free article left. Subscribe now → You have one free article left. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now → Last free article. Subscribe now → This is your last free article. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now → We hope you've enjoyed your free articles. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Already a member? Log in Home Wake up with today’s top stories Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds. Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Thanks for signing up Browse our full list of free Globe newsletters Return to your story Close Subscriber Log In We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles' Continue reading by subscribing to BostonGlobe.com for just 99¢. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just $.99¢ Stay informed with unlimited access to Boston’s trusted news source. High-quality journalism from the region’s largest newsroom Convenient access across all of your devices Today’s Headlines daily newsletter Subscriber-only access to exclusive offers, events, contests, eBooks, and more Less than 25¢ a week GET FULL ACCESS NOW GET FULL ACCESS NOW
  Guru3D.com Forums > Hardware > Processors and motherboards AMD Asrock BIOS and 3200 mhz! ram User Name Remember Me? Password Processors and motherboards AMD Got a Phenom, FX or AMD APU based system or the means to buy one? You can discuss it in here! Search Forums Show Threads   Show Posts Advanced Search Tag Search Go to Page...   Thread Tools Display Modes Asrock BIOS and 3200 mhz! ram   (#1) x58haze Member Guru     Videocard: EVGA GTX 580 1.5 Processor: ryzen 5 1600 Mainboard: Asrock Fatality ab350 k4 Memory: Patriot Viper 3200 2x4 GB Soundcard: PSU: Thermaltake 775 bronce80+ Asrock BIOS and 3200 mhz! ram - Today, 02:46 | posts: 111 | Location: Venezuela help us :( Sorry for my English ^^, Finally I got this ASRock Fatal1ty AB350 Gaming K4 motherboard, but yeah the manual was kinda confusing, when comes to set properly the RAMS I ended up putting my viper kit dual channel 2x4 gb , into the socket A2, B2 I upgrade sucessfully my bios from 1.40 to latest 2.5. But I'm facing a problem, it seems that when I activate the Xmp 2.0 profile 1, it will slow down the boot time like crazy, and my cpu fan start to: turn on/off automatically ... So i was wondering what can i do? should i overlock manually? PCSPECS: GPU: EVGA GTX 580 NVIDIA 1.5 GB PSU: Thermaltake 775+bronce 80 CPU: Ryzen 5 1600 3.2 RAM: Patriot Viper 3200mhz 2x4 GB model PV48G320c6k CASE:Thermaltake v9 black edition PS: Also I've notice a downgrade in sound performance, compared to my old intel H55m-e33, which i don't have gaming headset, anyway hope someone can guidance me in order to fix or improve a little be the Ryzen experience among my old gtx 580 and new rams.. and also if someone can teach me to boost my SOUND, the creative 3 is ridiculous useless, it doesn't improve anything. Thanks     x58haze View Public Profile Find all posts by x58haze     (#2) Agent-A01 Ancient Guru     Videocard: 980Ti SLI H20 Processor: i7 5930K 4.7GHz H20 Mainboard: ASUS X99-AU31 Memory: G.Skill 32GB 3200C12 Soundcard: ASUS Phoebus PSU: EVGA P2-1200W Today, 05:12 | posts: 9,245 | Location: USA B350 boards aren't really designed for 3200mhz You'll probably need to run 2666 or around there with manually set timings.     Agent-A01 View Public Profile Find all posts by Agent-A01   (#3) thatguy91 Ancient Guru   Videocard: XFX RX 480 RS 4 GB Processor: Ryzen 1700X Mainboard: Asrock X370 Gaming K4 Memory: DDR3-3733@3200 C14 16 GB Soundcard: ALC1150 PSU: Enermax Platimax 750W Today, 05:36 | posts: 6,316 | Location: Australia If you're running the latest Realtek drivers it may be better. Keep in mind the B350 chipset based boards are intended more of a budget orientated board but with usable features, so like pretty much every other manufacturer it suffers in some features. In this case it is the sound, using the old ALC892 CODEC rather than the recent ALC1220 (which replaced the ALC1150, which was higher end than the ALC892). Your old board used the ALC889 CODEC. Technically it seems that ALC1220 replaced the ALC1150 which replaced the ALC889. ALC892 appears to be a lower cost variant of ALC889, the lower cost which is why it is probably still used. Discussed a bit in this old thread on whirlpool forums: http://forums.whirlpool.net.au/archive/1737847 So yes, your new motherboard technically has lesser sound than your old board, with the ALC892 being common on budget orientated boards. Some low end boards from Asrock, Gigabyte, etc use ALC887, which I believe is below the ALC892. This is true for their B350 boards, for example http://www.gigabyte.com.au/Motherboa...-DS2-rev-10#sp. It seems for Gigabyte they all use ALC887 if you look through the list. It all comes down to the budget board factor. If you want vastly superior sound probably the cheapest board you can get is the Asrock X370 Fatal!ty Gaming K4, which not only uses the ALC1220 but has superior sound infrastructure as well. Remember the CODEC is just the engine, analogy wise there's also the consideration of the transmission and the rest of the vehicle. The implementation of this on the X370 board is superior. Not all x370 boards implement the higher end sound, but Asrock, Asus, Gigabyte, MSI all have decent x370 that aren't their top models that have equivalent high end implentations using the ALC1220. For RAM, the reason why it doesn't work comes down to RAM timings. you are famility with the 15-15-15-35 etc, but there are a whole lot of other timings that don't get adjusted that affects the attainable speed. At the moment when you overclock RAM, you are effectively going tighter and tighter on these secondary settings. This is why you have to add so much voltage to the RAM for it to be stable when overclocking it, being anything above the JEDEC speed. The XMP profiles are proprietory Intel, it's not a standard. This is why AMD is adding 20 registers (I believe that is 20 additional timing adjustment options), and the reason for the delay is that it had to be reverse engineered. When you set XMP in the future, it will set all the correct timings for the speed, not just the primary timings. This should greatly improve the speed attainable, whilst using standard voltage, although the timings may behave slightly differently with the different chipset that could throw this out (you may manually have to adjust one or two of those settings...). The major bios update should be available within the next couple of weeks or so. Last edited by thatguy91; Today at 05:45.     thatguy91 View Public Profile Find all posts by thatguy91 « Previous Thread | Next Thread » Thread Tools Show Printable Version Display Modes Linear Mode Switch to Hybrid Mode Switch to Threaded Mode Posting Rules You may not post new threads You may not post replies You may not post attachments You may not edit your posts BB code is On Smilies are On [IMG] code is On HTML code is Off Forum Rules Forum Jump User Control Panel Private Messages Subscriptions Who's Online Search Forums Forums Home General Chat     The Guru's Pub     Folding@Home - Join Team Guru3D !     Frontpage news     Digital Photography, Home and Portable Electronics     Tablets and Smart Phones     The HTPC, HDTV & Ultra High Definition section Videocards     Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce     Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce Drivers Section     Videocards - AMD Radeon     Videocards - AMD Radeon Catalyst Drivers Section     Videocards - 3dfx     Videocards vs General Purpose - NVIDIA Ageia PhysX, GPGPU etc.     3D Stereo Gaming Section     Benchmark Mayhem Hardware     General Hardware     Die-hard Overclocking & Case Modifications      Computer Monitor Forum     Soundcards, Speakers HiFI & File formats     SSD and HDD storage     Processors and motherboards AMD     Processors and motherboards Intel     Network questions and troubleshooting     Laptops & Notebooks Affiliates     Rivatuner Generic Discussion forum         RivaTuner Advanced Discussion forum     MSI AfterBurner Overclock Application Discussion forum     MSI AfterBurner Private Beta access     Guru of 3D Clan General     Games, Gaming & Game-demos     Game Tweaks and Modifications     Consoles & console games     Operating Systems     General Software and Applications     Hardware Reviews and News     Programming/Html     Links Powered by vBulletin® Copyright ©2000 - 2017, Jelsoft Enterprises Ltd. vBulletin Skin developed by: vBStyles.com Copyright (c) 1995-2014, All Rights Reserved. The Guru of 3D, the Hardware Guru, and 3D Guru are trademarks owned by Hilbert Hagedoorn. -- Aria -- Dark -- Fast Contact Us - The Guru of 3D - Archive - Privacy Statement - Top
News Sports Business Real Estate Alert 81° Full Menu Alert 81° Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:25 Tillis on hospital bed after collapse: I'm fine Pause 2:54 Putnam hits the road on the campaign trail for governor 2:01 Get up to speed on the unfolding Trump-Comey saga 4:33 The web connecting the Trump administration to Russia 1:41 Yates on Flynn: ‘The National Security Adviser, essentially, could be blackmailed by the Russians’ 2:38 White House unveils President Trump’s tax plan 0:50 Wyclef Jean discusses Temporary Protected Status for Haitians 4:11 UM Coach Jim Morris 2:56 Teen helps save Miami-Dade officer injured in crash 3:04 The hard commute and tough day of one hotel housekeeper Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email From Secretary of State Rex Tillerson to former campaign director Paul Manafort, President Donald Trump's allies have business and personal connections to Russia. As Congress and the FBI look into Russia's involvement with the 2016 election, those connections are increasingly under a microscope. Natalie Fertig and Patrick Gleason McClatchy From Secretary of State Rex Tillerson to former campaign director Paul Manafort, President Donald Trump's allies have business and personal connections to Russia. As Congress and the FBI look into Russia's involvement with the 2016 election, those connections are increasingly under a microscope. Natalie Fertig and Patrick Gleason McClatchy Politics May 19, 2017 3:25 PM Russia probe reaches current White House official, people familiar with the case say By Devlin Barrett and Matt Zapotosky The Washington Post LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story WASHINGTON The law enforcement investigation into possible coordination between Russia and the Trump campaign has identified a current White House official as a significant person of interest, showing that the probe is reaching into the highest levels of government, according to people familiar with the matter. The senior White House adviser under scrutiny by investigators is someone close to the president, according to these people, who would not further identify the official. The revelation comes as the investigation also appears to be entering a more overtly active phase, with investigators shifting from work that has remained largely hidden from the public to conducting interviews and using a grand jury to issue subpoenas. The intensity of the probe is expected to accelerate in the coming weeks, the people said. The sources emphasized that investigators remain keenly interested in people who previously wielded influence in the Trump campaign and administration but are no longer part of it, including former national security adviser Michael Flynn and former campaign chairman Paul Manafort. Flynn resigned in February after disclosures that he had lied to administration officials about his contacts with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak. Current administration officials who have acknowledged contacts with Russian officials include Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner, as well as Cabinet members Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. People familiar with the investigation said the intensifying effort does not mean criminal charges are near, or that any such charges will result. Earlier this week, Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein appointed former FBI Director Robert Mueller to serve as special counsel and lead the investigation into Russian meddling. It is unclear exactly how Mueller's leadership will affect the direction of the probe, and he is already bringing in new people to work on the team. Those familiar with the case said its significance had increased before Mueller's appointment. While the case began quietly last July as an effort to determine whether any Trump associates coordinated with Russian operatives to meddle in the presidential election campaign, the investigative work now being done by the FBI also includes determining whether any financial crimes were committed by people close to the president. The people familiar with the matter said the probe has sharpened into something more fraught for the White House, the FBI and the Justice Department - particularly because of the public steps investigators know they now need to take, the people said. When subpoenas are issued or interviews are requested, it is possible the people being asked to talk or provide documents will reveal publicly what they were asked about. Read More Firing 'nut job' Comey eased the pressure, document says Trump told the Russians A small group of lawmakers known as the Gang of Eight were notified of the change in tempo and focus in the investigation at a classified briefing on Wednesday evening, the people familiar with the matter said. FBI Director James Comey had publicly confirmed the existence of the investigation in March. Justice Department spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores said, "I can't confirm or deny the existence or non-existence of investigations or targets of investigations." An FBI spokesman declined to comment. White House spokesman Sean Spicer said, "as the president has stated before, a thorough investigation will confirm that there was no collusion between the campaign and any foreign entity.'' facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:25 Tillis on hospital bed after collapse: I'm fine Pause 2:54 Putnam hits the road on the campaign trail for governor 2:01 Get up to speed on the unfolding Trump-Comey saga 4:33 The web connecting the Trump administration to Russia 1:41 Yates on Flynn: ‘The National Security Adviser, essentially, could be blackmailed by the Russians’ 2:38 White House unveils President Trump’s tax plan 0:50 Wyclef Jean discusses Temporary Protected Status for Haitians 4:11 UM Coach Jim Morris 2:56 Teen helps save Miami-Dade officer injured in crash 3:04 The hard commute and tough day of one hotel housekeeper Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email Get up to speed on the unfolding Trump-Comey saga Then-FBI Director James Comey announced on March 9 that the FBI was investigating possible collusion between the Trump campaign and Russian agents. On May 9, President Trump fired the FBI director, igniting an outcry that grew from just Democrats to include some Republican lawmakers as well. Natalie Fertig McClatchy While there has been a loud public debate in recent days over the question of whether the president might have attempted to obstruct justice in his private dealings with FBI Director James Comey, who Trump fired last week, people familiar with the matter said investigators on the case are more focused on Russian influence operations and possible financial crimes. The FBI's investigation seeks to determine whether and to what extent Trump associates were in contact with Kremlin operatives, what business dealings they might have had in Russia, and whether they in any way facilitated the hacking and publishing of Democratic National Committee and Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta's emails during the presidential campaign. Several congressional committees are also investigating, though their probes could not produce criminal charges. A grand jury in Alexandria, Virginia, recently issued a subpoena for records related to Flynn's business, The Flynn Intel Group, which had been paid more than $500,000 by a company owned by a Turkish American businessman close to top Turkish officials, according to people familiar with the matter. The Flynn Intel Group was paid for research on Fethullah Gulen, a cleric who Turkey's current president believes was responsible for a coup attempt last summer. Flynn retroactively registered with the Justice Department in March as a paid foreign agent for Turkish interests. Separately from the probe now run by Mueller, Flynn is being investigated by the Pentagon's top watchdog for his foreign payments. Flynn also received $45,000 to appear in 2015 with Russian President Vladimir Putin at a dinner for RT, a Kremlin-controlled media organization. Flynn discussed U.S. sanctions against Russia with Russia's ambassador to the United States during the month before President Donald Trump took office, and he withheld that fact from even Vice President Mike Pence. That prompted then Acting Attorney General Sally Yates to warn the White House's top lawyer he might be susceptible to blackmail. Flynn stepped down after The Washington Post reported on the contents of the call. The president has nonetheless seemed to defend his former adviser. A memo by fired FBI Director Comey alleged Trump even asked that the probe into Flynn be shut down. The White House also has acknowledged that Kushner met with Kislyak, the Russian ambassador to the U.S., in late November. Kushner also has acknowledged that he met with the head of a Russian development bank, Vnesheconombank, which has been under U.S. sanctions since July 2014. The president's son in law initially omitted contacts with foreign leaders from a national security questionnaire, though his lawyer has said publicly he submitted the form prematurely and informed the FBI soon after he would provide an update. Vnesheconombank handles development for the state, and in early 2015, a man purporting to be one of its New York-based employees was arrested and accused of being an unregistered spy. That man - Evgeny Buryakov - ultimately pleaded guilty and was eventually deported. He had been in contact with former Trump adviser Carter Page, though Page has said he shared only "basic immaterial information and publicly available research documents" with the Russian. Page was the subject of a secret warrant last year issued by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, based on suspicions he might have been acting as an agent of the Russian government, according to people familiar with the matter. Page has denied any wrongdoing, and accused the government of violating his civil rights. The Washington Post's Ellen Nakashima and Ashley Parker contributed to this report. President Donald Trump and first lady Melania Trump walk across the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, Friday, May 19, 2017, before boarding Marine One for a short trip to Andrews Air Force Base, Md. Trump is leaving for his first foreign trip, visiting Saudi Arabia, Israel, Vatican, and a pair of summits in Brussels and Sicily. Andrew Harnik AP LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:25 Tillis on hospital bed after collapse: I'm fine Pause 2:54 Putnam hits the road on the campaign trail for governor 2:01 Get up to speed on the unfolding Trump-Comey saga 4:33 The web connecting the Trump administration to Russia 1:41 Yates on Flynn: ‘The National Security Adviser, essentially, could be blackmailed by the Russians’ 2:38 White House unveils President Trump’s tax plan 0:50 Wyclef Jean discusses Temporary Protected Status for Haitians 4:11 UM Coach Jim Morris 2:56 Teen helps save Miami-Dade officer injured in crash 3:04 The hard commute and tough day of one hotel housekeeper Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 3 days ago Tillis on hospital bed after collapse: I'm fine 0:25 3 days ago Tillis on hospital bed after collapse: I'm fine 4:28 3 days ago Fear and fury in New Jersey 2:54 4 days ago Putnam hits the road on the campaign trail for governor View More Video Politics Iran: Rouhani leads initial count; over 70 percent turnout Taiwan's Tsai keeps domestic focus amid China's isolation Pacific Rim ministers meet in Hanoi, seek to revive TPP Alabama's GOP approves new maps; Dems vow repeat court fight Rising GOP figure Tom Cotton in Iowa as Trump faces turmoil Politics Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
| E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Technology Education More... MultimediaConsumerScienceSportsSpecialsMint on Sunday People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Science Travel 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Leisure Last Modified: Sat, May 20 2017. 11 27 AM IST 10 standout start-ups taking an AI leap in India Mint Lounge profiles 10 tech start-ups that have tapped Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to transform sectors such as healthcare, education, auto, banking and retail Subscribe to our newsletter. Livemint Photo by iStockphoto/Imaging by Rohit Goyal. The rise of a technology has Bill Gates issuing warnings of an apocalypse. Elon Musk, too. Even Stephen Hawking. What’s worrying these technologists? It’s Artificial Intelligence or AI, an idea whose time has come—it is incubating in science labs and being deployed by start-ups and industrial units alike. Why are Gates and Co. worried? Specifically, it’s over machine learning, an early form of AI that has in recent years become mainstream, causing both delight and nervousness among AI experts and technology companies. AI involves building computers capable of taking smart decisions by themselves, the way humans do. Machine learning and various other sub-fields such as deep learning are the means to achieve AI. Google announced this week that it is rethinking all its products to base them on AI; it has created a new unit called Google.ai to facilitate this shift. The revival of interest in machine learning has been driven by a confluence of factors, such as the massive increase in computing power, emergence of neural networks (connected transistors that replicate the structure of neurons in the human brain) and the easy availability of vast amounts of data, thanks to the Internet. Compared to AI leaders in the Silicon Valley and China, India is a laggard but even here, nearly 300 start-ups are using some form of AI, according to Tracxn, a start-up tracker. Among dedicated AI-only Indian start-ups, 23% are working on providing solutions to multiple industries, 15% are in e-commerce, 12% in healthcare, 11% in education, 10% in financial services, and the rest in fields such as retail and logistics, according to a 2017 report by Kalaari Capital, a venture capital firm. Internet companies tap machine learning techniques for a range of uses—to recommend products for you, for instance, or to predict where cabs should be placed so that when you open your cab-hailing app, there’s one a couple of minutes’ drive away. Healthcare start-ups use AI to help hospitals make speedy and accurate blood reports and medical diagnoses, saving lives. Others get fashion brands and retailers to buy the right quantities of stock. Suddenly, AI is everywhere. Lounge looks at 10 exciting start-ups that are using AI and machine learning techniques to transform healthcare, education, auto and retail. Their success is far from assured. They struggle to find quality talent; they face stiff competition from other AI start-ups; their solutions haven’t yet stood the test of time (most are less than five years old); and they are vulnerable to a variety of other factors that typically bring down start-ups, AI or not. Given the number of AI start-ups, the list is far from comprehensive. Yet the work that these 10 start-ups (and others like them) do is exciting and sometimes cutting-edge, holding out the promise of a significantly improved product or service. How does this work? Traditional code writing entailed programming computers, essentially telling computers what to do. With machine learning, computers are taught to do things themselves. Pedro Domingos, a professor in computer science and engineering at the University of Washington, puts it fittingly in his book, The Master Algorithm: How The Quest For The Ultimate Learning Machine Will Remake Our World: “The Industrial Revolution automated manual work and the Information Revolution did the same for mental work, but machine learning automates automation itself.” This is what has people worried—and thrilled. The likes of Gates and Musk fear that machines that learn to think for themselves may become smarter than humans and start taking control of things—the stuff of science fiction. But others such as Domingos believe it will lead to a near-utopian state where people, freed of chores and menial work (now automated), will pursue things that truly excite them. No matter which side of the fence you are on, there’s little doubt that AI represents potentially the most disruptive leap in technology in decades. Apart from disrupting incumbents across businesses, AI may worsen a major socio-economic headache for India: employment. The threat from automation to engineering jobs in Indian IT companies is well documented. But IT is by no means the only business where jobs are at risk. Automation may be a threat to 69% of the jobs in India, according to an October 2016 World Bank report. Even Domingos, who expresses a never-failing belief in the potential of AI to do good for humankind, acknowledges that the technology is likely to make many jobs redundant. Case in point: One of the 10 start-ups we feature replaced its 40-strong content team with a few computer scientists when it adopted machine learning techniques. That represents only a mild threat from AI, especially in a country that is already failing to meet the growing demand for jobs. Investors and experts in AI privately worry about this threat—but they aren’t worried enough yet to look for solutions. That must say something about where their priorities lie—and about the disruption that Artificial Intelligence will cause. —By Mihir Dalal *** Netradyne co-founder Avneesh Agrawal. Photo: Hemant Mishra/Mint. Netradyne, Bengaluru and San Diego, US Investment: Raised $16 million (around Rs102.8 crore) from Reliance Industries Ltd in June 2016. The team: Founded by Avneesh Agrawal, a former Qualcomm Inc. president for India and South Asia, and David Julian, a former principal engineer at the US-based chip-maker. Intelligence factor: Netradyne’s Driveri, a powerful camera that analyses driving patterns and can help determine the cause of an accident. The soap-bar-sized device is attached to a vehicle’s rear-view mirror and rests on the inside of the windscreen, pointing towards the road. In July 2015, Agrawal, along with his long-time friend and colleague Julian, set up Netradyne, wanting to tackle that intractable problem of the modern world—road accidents. Netradyne’s main product is Driveri, which packs in four high-definition cameras generating 360-degree footage of the vehicle’s path (transmitted on a real-time LTE network), has a global positioning system, gyroscope sensors and accelerometer, and a Nvidia processor, the same one that is used in the iPhone 5. The unit captures visuals of the car’s surroundings, analyses driving patterns and stores the data on a cloud platform. It uses machine learning and deep-learning systems to analyse the entire scene in front of the car: traffic lights, stop signs, objects in its course, distance to every other vehicle, relative speeds and direction. The data generated enables the platform to determine whether the driver is overspeeding or driving rashly, adhering to traffic rules, is potentially drowsy or drunk, or taking multiple halts along the route. In the event of an accident, it also sends real-time alerts to the fleet operator. According to Agrawal, similar technology is used to power autonomous car projects across the world, such as those being developed by Google (Alphabet Inc.), Uber Inc., Robert Bosch GmbH and large car-makers like Toyota, Volkswagen Group and Daimler AG. After testing the product for over 750,000 miles (around 1.2 million kilometres), Netradyne launched Driveri in the US market in March and plans to launch it in India by June-July. It recently signed its first US client, Load One, a mid-sized cargo company that operates a fleet of 350 trucks. The solution is also useful for retail customers like parents of first-time teenage drivers. Agrawal says Netradyne’s main focus currently is to ensure driver safety. The product is being marketed to commercial fleet operators to enable them to monitor drivers and enhance the safety of cargo. “Using the solution, fleet managers can train drivers on safe driving practices, besides maintaining a close check on valuable cargo.... They can also create a scorecard for drivers and incentivize them on safe driving,” says Agrawal. Agrawal, whose company employs around 60 people, expects Driveri customers to see a significant reduction in the number of traffic violations and accidents; in turn, safer driving would result in greater fuel efficiency and lower maintenance costs. The other big market is insurance. “What we are essentially doing is quantifying risk,” Agrawal says. His plan is to bring Driveri to every car in the world with insurance partners who agree to use its data for investigating accidents and deciding on a more accurate premium amount. —By Yuvraj Malik Embibe founder Aditi Avasthi Embibe, Bengaluru Investment: $9 million from venture capital investors such as Kalaari Capital and Lightbox. The team: Founded by Aditi Avasthi, a former Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) and Barclays executive. Intelligence factor: In a country where the overall quality of education consistently lags behind those in developed nations, Embibe’s core AI product can be a game changer. In the book (and movie) Moneyball, a baseball coach and an economics graduate from Harvard use an analytics engine to ditch decades of baseball practice and identify a world-class team that ends up breaking numerous Major League Baseball records. Major teams end up adopting the model. Embibe is hoping to create a similar impact in the world of education. Its learning platform is being used by thousands of students and the start-up is in talks to ally with educational training centres. Embibe, which runs a website and a mobile app, collects data from students, charging only for advanced analysis and personalized learning recommendations. Students can actually improve test scores by fixing basic mistakes using its AI platform. For instance, Embibe’s First Look Accuracy metric trains students to maximize scores in a given test by first answering the questions they can attempt confidently and then moving on to the tougher ones. Another metric, “‘Time Spent On Questions Not Answered’, indicates no confidence, an inability to know what you know yourself. You’re unsure of your ability. This value is actually 41 minutes for Indian kids for the IIT exams out of 180 minutes—in an exam where 1 mark is almost equivalent to 10,000 ranks. So, think about it—if you’re able to bring this value down by 50%, the scores automatically trend up,” explains Avasthi. The company says it has identified 27 parameters that can, for instance, predict scores in an IIT entrance exam with 93% accuracy. To get the bulk of data that its core cloud-based platform crunches, the start-up bought 100Marks, another ed-tech start-up, in 2015. Embibe uses advanced-level analytics besides its core AI engine, including self-learning algorithms, machine learning and cognitive computing akin to IBM’s Watson. It started out as an analytics company in 2012 and began using AI and machine learning tools in 2014 in an effort to create personalized solutions for individual students. Embibe started with a 40-member team that was primarily responsible for content creation; now it’s down to just three. The cost of creating content is down “from the high hundreds to Rs20 per unit of content through automation,” says Avasthi, who has hired three machine learning and AI experts from top companies, including IBM. —By Anirban Sen Tricog Health Services co-founder Charit Bhograj. Tricog Health Services PVT. LTD, Bengaluru Investment: $2 million from Inventus Capital Partners, Blume Ventures and angel investors. The team: Charit Bhograj, a cardiologist; Zainul Charbiwala, who worked at IBM India and Qualcomm; Udayan Dasgupta, who worked at Texas Instruments; and Abhinav Gujjar, who worked at Thomson Reuters and Microsoft. Intelligence factor: What can take up to 6 hours before treatment starts, Tricog accomplishes in a few minutes. Nearly 7.5 million people die every year of heart disease. Around 1.5-3 million of them are in India; half of them can be saved by early diagnosis, according to Bhograj. “Yet almost 70% of the general physicians do not have an ECG (electrocardiography) machine,” he adds. ECG—a heart health test—is conducted through a machine which records the heart’s electrical movement. These machines are not widely available in India, nor are there enough cardiologists to interpret ECG data. And it can take up to 6 hours before a patient is diagnosed and sent for treatment, says Bhograj. So Tricog set out to help doctors make instant diagnoses of heart attacks and ensure treatment is not delayed. While Tricog sources ECG machines from General Electric Healthcare, it has built its own sensory device and fits it on the machines. It gives these devices to general physicians, clinics and nursing homes on a subscription basis. Through the Internet, this device sends the ECG or recorded heart movement to a set of algorithms, which then generates a report. Before the report is sent, a specialist doctor verifies it. In 2016, Tricog processed the ECG reports of 200,000 patients; about 11,000 of them were diagnosed with a heart attack. The company claims it has never reported false results. Yet, given the stakes, Bhograj reasons that “no matter how accurate the algorithm gets, there will always be a specialist (cardiologist) to verify the report churned out by it.” Founded in 2011, the company spent close to four years putting the technology together and launched the product in February 2015. As of April, Tricog had 600 clients (general physicians, clinics and nursing homes) across 178 cities and towns, and 20 specialist doctors, including clinical cardiologists, who study the reports. In the next five years, Tricog aims to be present in 100,000 locations—it claims that though such a scale would ordinarily require around 700 doctors, it would be able to deliver comparable service with only 50 doctors. —By Arushi Chopra Arya.ai, Mumbai Arya.ai’s co-founder Vinay Kumar Sankarapu. Photo: Aniruddha Chowdhury/Mint. Investment: An undisclosed amount from YourNest Angel Fund and VentureNursery. the team: Vinay Kumar Sankarapu, chief executive officer, and Deekshith Marla, chief technology officer. Intelligence factor: Many start-ups are working with AI to solve problems in banking and insurance. Arya.ai tells them how to. Last year, world champion Lee Sedol was pitted against AlphaGo, a computer program made by Google, in a game of Go, an abstract board game. All AlphaGo needed to be told was the desired result. It figured out the rest for itself. Sankarapu, seated in his office in Mumbai’s Andheri area, says the day isn’t far when a business firm will be able to apply AI for similar results. His company, Arya.ai, is taking steps towards this; it is helping build AI that “becomes more intelligent the more it is used. The next generation of AI will be built by AI,” he says. Many start-ups in India are working with deep learning, which aims to make human effort minimal. Arya.ai works as an “enabler”. For instance, if a consultancy firm is building AI for its investment banking client, Arya.ai will provide the firm with the tools to build it, creating the “neural network”—a vast computing system that mimics the human brain; it will create a cloud system which will allow the AI to evolve, learn from its earlier tasks and apply them to the next one. “Basically, we help build a complicated system really fast, help you automate a lot of stuff. An algorithm may take months to build. We could actually help you build a complete system in weeks,” he says. Arya.ai also has direct clients, such as banks or insurance companies, where cases of fraud claims and bad loans can be identified with precision. The change is already visible: the phone call you get from your bank when an irregularity in your transaction pattern is registered is courtesy its AI-enabled system. This is the result of the data fed into it, based on geographical location and your records of the past 30 days. But as hackers get sharper—making low-key transactions over a long period of time after carefully observing the customer’s banking habits—deep learning will take it to the next level, with greater accuracy. Currently, Arya.ai is engaged with one of the world’s biggest consultancy firms, New York and London-based banks, global insurance companies and leading manufacturing firms. Their work is mostly at the business-to-business level but the effects, says Sankarapu, will also be felt by the man on the street. “Things will become super-fast, personalized and cost-efficient for the end consumer,” says Sankarapu, who grew up in Andhra Pradesh’s Kadapa district and now shuttles between Mumbai and San Francisco. In 2015, Arya.ai was chosen as one of the 21 most innovative start-ups by Paris&Co, a French innovation agency. Arya.ai started out as a way of making the lives of researchers easier in 2013, at a time when Sankarapu was studying at the Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay. If there were 200,000 books on a particular subject, it was not humanly possible to read them all; Sankarapu was trying to build AI that would absorb as much information as these books would hold in less time than the human brain ever could. “I soon understood that the bigger problem is not building a solution but enabling it. Everyone wants to use deep learning, but they don’t know how to use it,” he says. Sankarapu is a Marvel fan but he’s never had any romantic notions about AI. He says that like any new, exciting technology that comes every decade or so, AI has been hyped beyond its capabilities. To him, it is a formula, one which is more exciting than fantasy. “When you start understanding how to build it, you start understanding what we are made of. The human brain is nothing but a simple mathematical computer.” —Sankhayan Ghosh Locus.sh’s founders Geet Garg (left) and Nishith Rastogi. Photo: Hemant Mishra/Mint Locus.sh (Mara Labs INC.), Bengaluru and US Investment: At least $2.75 million from Exfinity Venture Partners, Blume Ventures, BeeNext and others. The team: Nishith Rastogi, who has worked with Amazon and eBay; and Geet Garg, who was with Amazon. The two had co-founded PinChat, a location-based conversational platform, in August 2014. Intelligence factor: Locus has developed route-planning algorithms so companies can chart the best possible route to deliver an order and allow a salesperson to cover the maximum number of points in the shortest time possible. Locus aims to automate all the human decisions involved in sending a package. With clients such as Hindustan Unilever, Quikr, Urban Ladder and Lenskart, it has a lot on its hands. The company, which says it has more than 25 clients, has developed a route-planning engine, its core business, apart from a 3D packing engine that provides configurations for loading cargo into containers. Locus also offers companies a weekly schedule of the most efficient routes and outlets for their sales teams. Rastogi says each schedule planned by their routing engine takes 5-10 minutes, whereas a skilled human being would take 1-4 hours to process the same data. The company says it helps its clients reduce their logistics costs by at least 25%. Locus offers solutions for both intracity and intercity operations. It estimates the domestic freight industry is around $100 billion; a bulk of this is intercity logistics. Planning the best possible route is not as easy as it sounds. “In many cases, we will have a landmark and street name with a wrong pin code. We have to convert this information into latitude and longitude. For this, our systems need to understand and interpret the English language and build natural language processing systems,” says Rastogi. “Let us say you have to deliver a package before hitting the gym at 6pm. But if you reach the gym 5 minutes late, that is also fine. How do I make the system understand that it is better to reach the gym by 6.05pm instead of not delivering the package at all? In the real world, if a truck is full, the driver can keep one package next to his seat. It is important in the real world to understand what that soft threshold is. It is important for the system to understand this world fuzziness,” explains Rastogi. Companies provide Locus the origin of the package, destination and expected time of delivery. Locus sources all the possible routes from Google Maps or sifts through data on past deliveries. This data is then processed, factoring in weather information, traffic, historical data on time taken to cover the distance, etc. to arrive at a few best routes. If the client is new, logistics solutions take about three months. Are the companies willing to wait? “We haven’t lost a single client yet,” says Rastogi. —By Sayan Chakraborty Mad Street Den’s co-founder Ashwini Asokan. Photo: Hemant Mishra/Mint Mad Street Den, Chennai Investment: $1.5 million from Exfinity Ventures and growX Ventures, in addition to an undisclosed sum from Sequoia Capital. The team: The husband-wife duo of Ashwini Asokan and Anand Chandrasekaran. Asokan, who previously worked for Intel Corp., and her husband Anand Chandrasekaran, a neuroscientist, who is the firm’s chief technology officer, both worked in the US before deciding to return to India in 2013. Intelligence factor: One of the several AI start-ups trying to improve the retail experience in India. Asokan, among a handful of people in India who speak openly about the skewed gender representation in the start-up business, runs Mad Street Den, a start-up that is trying to make the business of retail more efficient. The start-up’s main product, Vue.ai, offers visual search technology, product recommendations, and personalized home pages based on the tastes of individual shoppers, among other features. The AI-based technology offers several benefits to customers: uploading pictures and finding matching products, browsing in a way that is specifically tailored to their tastes, discovering products they may otherwise not have been aware of, and reducing the amount of time they spend shopping or having a more efficient shopping experience. As the customer experience improves, it results in better conversion rates for retailers. Vue.ai also helps retailers reduce cataloguing errors and product returns and make merchandising more customer-friendly. The company also hopes to turn omni-channel retail, so far a pipe dream, into reality. Mad Street Den currently works with firms such as furniture e-commerce site HipVan in Singapore and fashion e-tailers such as TataCliq, Craftsvilla and Voonik in India. The Chennai-based company is one of the tens of start-ups selling efficiency-improvement tech to retailers. Others, such as Stylumia, Staqu and SnapShopr, offer similar services. Mad Street Den, however, is expanding into gaming and other businesses this year. “Scale markets globally, scale our AI systems and establish ourselves as the first computer vision business that’s making money on scale,” says Asokan. She sounds the part of a change-the-world entrepreneur. “To build generalizable AI is one of the founding principles of why we started this. The second part of the founding principle is making AI accessible to millions of people across the globe. Not just to build it, but actually to build it on the scale that applies to people across the world. The first one represents Anand’s vision, the second one represents why I am here,” says Asokan. —By Sadhana Chathurvedula Niki.ai’s founders (from left) Sachin Jaiswal, Nitin Babel, Keshav Prawasi and Shishir Modi. Photo: Hemant Mishra/Mint Niki.ai (Techbins Solutions PVT. LTD), Bengaluru Investment: Niki.ai raised undisclosed seed investments from Ronnie Screwvala’s Unilazer Ventures, Tata Sons chairman emeritus Ratan Tata and Haresh Chawla of True North between October 2015 and December 2016. Niki.ai declined to disclose the quantum of funds raised. The team: Founded by four Indian Institute of Technology, Kharagpur, alumni. Before starting the venture, Sachin Jaiswal, chief executive officer at Niki.ai, had co-founded InnovAccer Inc., a healthcare analytics company in the US. Technology head Keshav Prawasi was a software engineer at Amazon; Nitin Babel, who looks after support and marketing, worked for Ipsos, a global market and opinion research firm; and business head Shishir Modi came from a stint at a multinational energy distribution company. Intelligence factor: Niki is used for over 20 services, including hotel, cab and movie ticket bookings, ordering food and paying bills. If you’re rude, it will reprimand you and can even block you. Chatbots—like Apple’s Siri and Google’s Allo—are essentially computer programs that make human-like conversation with users. Banks, retailers and others use chatbots to answer basic customer queries and help users navigate their websites. Niki, one of the early chatbots developed in India, is designed to serve as a virtual shopkeeper that assists in the purchase of products and services. It can help you book a cab, order food from the nearest restaurant, book tickets for movies and events, and pay general utility bills. Flight bookings, payments for insurance and courier services will be introduced soon. Niki was conceived in early 2015 and rolled out to customers in October that year. It works on a series of sophisticated algorithms that understand human language by breaking it down into structured queries that the machine can understand. Another set of codes then generates a response relevant to the query, and this goes on till the task is accomplished. The core of the platform rests on language-recognition systems. “We started with off-the-shelf solutions like Stanford CoreNLP and went on to develop our own custom models,” says Babel. These were developed by studying the interactions on Niki and constantly tweaking algorithms to accurately determine what the user is looking for. Currently, Niki has over 300,000 users; 50-60% of them are in the age group of 24-35, 20-30% in the 18-24 age group, and about 10% are over 35. “We have been collecting the conversational commerce data for Indian customers for the last two years. Close to 50 million interactions have happened on Niki and have been used to improve the accuracy from 50-60% to 90%,” says Babel. He says the company earns revenue by charging a commission on each service or product purchased on Niki. Earlier this year, the company launched a software development kit that allows other sites and apps to integrate Niki with their platforms. It is available on HDFC Bank’s OnChat, the Oxigen Wallet app and the operating system of Intex smartphones (as the LFTY feature). The company will launch 20 more partnerships soon. — By Yuvraj Malik Zenatix’s co-founders (seated in front, from left) Amarjeet Singh and Vishal Bansal. Photo: Pradeep Gaur/Mint Zenatix Solutions PVT. LTD, Gurugram Investment: Rs11.5 crore from pi Ventures, Blume Ventures, Rahul Khanna, managing partner, Trifecta Capital, Rajan Anandan, vice-president and managing director of Google, South-East Asia and India, and Snapdeal co-founders Kunal Bahl and Rohit Bansal. The team: Vishal Bansal, who worked as portfolio manager at ING Insurance; Rahul Bhalla, who worked in the legal outsourcing industry; and Amarjeet Singh, who worked as an assistant professor at the Indraprastha Institute of Information Technology, Delhi. Intelligence factor: Zenatix helps businesses save energy and cut down their electricity bills. Zenatix, a team of 35, works with large chains of quick-service restaurants (QSRs), bank ATMs and retail stores which have anywhere from 200 to more than 1,000 stores/outlets. A Zenatix client that has around 1,000 stores, each 2,500 sq. ft in area, used to spend Rs80-100 crore annually on electricity. Zenatix helps it save 10-30% of this amount. All these outlets have electrical assets such as ATM machines, air conditioners, and ovens and exhaust fans in the case of QSR kitchens. When it comes to ACs in a workplace, someone would generally switch them on at the start of the day and switch them off at the close of day. “The person is not equipped with the intelligence that, based on the occupancy of the space, temperature outside and even time of day, the usage of AC can be optimized. Or consider, if an ATM breaks down, it could take a few hours to days (depending on where it is located) to get it fixed,” says Bansal. “If we know that a grocery store or an ATM sees a minimum footfall during certain hours of a day, one set of ACs may be switched off to maintain the same ambient temperature inside,” he adds. Through its WattMan device, Zenatix captures data points such as the time of day, electricity consumed, and outside temperature, every 30 seconds. Based on this, it can reboot an ATM when it stops working, predict when an AC in a retail store will break down or needs servicing, and automate its switching on and off. Zenatix plans to double WattMan’s presence to 1,000 sites by June, as its existing clientele of over 20 companies hands over more stores/outlets to Zenatix. As of April, it had installed WattMan at 500 sites. Zenatix wants to build accurate computing and predictive models. “Imagine if a door to cold storage is left open, and as soon as it reflects a change of temperature, the door closes automatically. That’s the kind of advanced temperature profiling we want to build.... We want that when an air conditioner is not working properly, the correlation between temperature and electricity can tell us whether it is the gas, filter or compressor causing the problem,” says Bansal. — By Arushi Chopra Active.ai’s co-founder Ravi Shankar. Photo: Hemant Mishra/Mint Active.ai (Active Intelligence PTE LTD), Bengaluru and Singapore Investment: $3.5 million (around Rs22.5 crore) from Kalaari Capital and IDG Ventures India. The team: Ravi Shankar, chief executive officer and co-founder, has worked with banks such as HDFC Bank, ABN AMRO and YES Bank; Shankar Narayanan, the chief operating officer, founded the start-ups Fastacash and Cazh and co-founded Tagit; Parikshit Paspulati, chief technology officer, founded Finoculus and co-founded Tagit. Narayanan and Paspulati are Singapore-based, where the company is headquartered; more than half the workforce is based in Bengaluru. Intelligence factor: Let’s say, you need to know your account balance and don’t really have the time to walk into an ATM or even look into the bank’s app. Send a message to the bank through Facebook Messenger or WhatsApp and you will get the reply. Chances are high that your bank is using Active.ai platform, an intelligent interface that allows banks and consumers to connect over chat. Photo: Hemant Mishra/Mint Shankar, Narayanan and Paspulati have all worked with banks and fintech start-ups. Perhaps naturally then, Active.ai wants to improve customer engagement for banks and insurance companies. “Say you type, I lost my wallet. What will the bank understand? There is no transaction for ‘lost my wallet’. The system will understand that it means all the cards are gone. The bank will say I will block your card,” says Shankar. “Now, let’s say you are at an airport. The bank will say, ‘Looks like you are at an airport and travelling. Can we help you with a (travel) insurance policy?’ The ability to hold this conversation is what we bring to banks.” According to Shankar, Active.ai will help banks almost halve their customer engagement costs. Active.ai essentially offers a platform that has chatbots through which banks can interact with customers. The more customers interact, the more the Artificial Intelligence behind Active.ai’s platform will learn about them and the better it will be able to offer personalized advice and service, increasing customer engagement and loyalty. Usage for consumers can range from opening an account and getting balance information, to transferring money to other accounts or paying bills. Banks, on the other hand, can push relevant products and services, drawing on the data available on customer history. The bot can be integrated via various channels, including WeChat, LINE, Kakao Talk, Facebook Messenger, Amazon Echo and Siri. Largely, the company sources data from banks and other partner financial institutions, apart from Envestnet | Yodlee, a data aggregation and analytics platform. Active.ai has developed algorithms that can convert unstructured messages, i.e. input by consumers, into structured instructions for banks using natural language processing and machine learning. “Say you are typing on Facebook. This is unstructured messaging. We convert that into entities and intent. For instance, you type, ‘I want to know what is happening in my account.’ Here, entity is the account and intent is ‘I want to know’. Our algorithm captures this and it then figures out the context. That is the third component. So the system will think this guy has an account and wants to know what is happening there, I should get his balance,” explains Shankar. In India, the company counts Axis Bank as a client; deals with several others are in the pipeline. It says it has already signed up with banks in Malaysia, Singapore and Thailand. Discussions with banks in North America are under way, says Shankar. “Apart from reducing the costs of customer engagement, banks can cross-sell or upsell. It helps them retain customers with higher engagement and client service levels. It also helps banks reach out to new consumers, especially the youth, via chat,” he adds. Having started with the banking sector, Active.ai now plans to work with insurance companies to boost customer engagement. —By Sayan Chakraborty SigTuple’s founding team (from left) Tathagato Rai Dastidar, Rohit Kumar Pandey and Apurv Anand. Photo: Hemant Mishra/Mint Sigtuple, Bengaluru Investment: $6.4 million, from investors such as Accel Partners, Axilor Ventures, IDG Ventures, pi Ventures, Endiya Partners, VH Capital and Flipkart founders Sachin and Binny Bansal. The team: Started by former American Express executives Rohit Kumar Pandey, Tathagato Rai Dastidar and Apurv Anand. Intelligence factor: SigTuple is helping hospitals and healthcare centres improve the speed and accuracy of blood reports. Photo: Hemant Mishra/Mint In medicine and healthcare, accuracy and time are important factors. A delay of even half an hour can result in loss of life; and a wrong diagnosis could prove tragic. SigTuple is looking to address both these issues through its AI-powered Manthana platform, which can, among other things, analyse blood samples and generate medical reports in less than 10 minutes—and with complete accuracy, according to Pandey, who is also the chief executive officer. “From the moment someone reaches the labs and provides a blood sample, the total time taken for the generation of a report and review by a pathologist is less than 10 minutes,” says Pandey. Manthana is being used by a number of mid- to large-sized hospitals, diagnostics labs, and eyecare and healthcare chains. Among their prominent clients is Anand Diagnostic Labs, one of Bengaluru’s biggest chains, which uses one of SigTuple’s digitization tools to analyse blood samples. Now the team is working towards making Manthana available for a complete diagnosis. Photo: Hemant Mishra/Mint At present, Manthana can analyse blood, semen and urine samples—Pandey says the platform is capable of generating complete blood reports, which typically analyse 21 different parameters, including red and white blood cell count and platelets. For example, SigTuple has used the AI-powered platform to analyse a blood sample to catch a malarial parasite, says Pandey. Accuracy is another area that the team hopes to improve on—currently, SigTuple’s accuracy rates differ for different solutions. For instance, accuracy rates for urine samples stand at around 85-88%. For SigTuple, evolving from traditional analytics to machine learning was a crucial pivot, since it wanted to create tools that could analyse medical cases, just like a doctor would. “Earlier, the algorithms that were being used, as soon as they saw new data, the results used to get skewed. With the advancement of AI, as more and more new data keeps coming in, the machine continues to learn—like humans. And it starts generating solutions, which was not possible with traditional algorithms,” says Pandey. The limitations of traditional algorithms were addressed by machine learning, where a machine is trained to mimic a human brain—somewhat like IBM’s Watson. For example, a hospital chain which wants to open a lab in a tier-II or tier-III city usually has to spend hundreds of crores of rupees on hardware, equipment and medical experts. With SigTuple’s platforms such as Manthana, hospitals can scale up in smaller cities and towns. Since it also eliminates the need for labs to ship blood samples to different locations, it helps diagnostic chains save on logistical costs and, more crucially, time. “There is no need for a manual review by a pathologist by putting a slide under a microscope. Second, remote diagnosis is made possible, because the pathologist need not be sitting next to the microscope or blood slide. No shipping is required—the pathologist can be anywhere,” says Pandey. SigTuple gets most of its data from the labs and hospitals that it works with. Over the next year, a top priority for the company is to gather more data through more such partnerships to improve the accuracy of Manthana. —By Anirban Sen Livemint Topics: India AI Artificial Intelligence Machine Learning start-ups More From Livemint READ MORE Philippine’s Duterte says China’s Xi threatened war if he pushed sea dispute Kochi Metro inauguration: Pinarayi to think of alternatives only if PM Modi says no GST rates: 83 services exempt, 13 in 5 % slab First Published: Sat, May 20 2017. 08 58 AM IST Editor's Picks 10 standout start-ups taking an AI leap in India Do SBI’s fourth quarter results indicate a turnaround in economy? How safe are sanitary pads in India? Latest News Kochi Metro inauguration: Pinarayi to think of alternatives only if PM Modi says no GST rates: 83 services exempt, 13 in 5 % slab Donald Trump’s Russia troubles deepen as James Comey plans senate testimony Iran election: Rouhani likely to win 2nd term, takes unbeatable lead, says report Election Commission to announce schedule for its ‘EVM challenge’ today Mint On Sunday The amazing adventures of Dadasaheb Phalke Naxals and their international counterparts Between a mercenary and a missionary A bra that fits? Letter from... Thrissur Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Technology Education Multimedia Consumer Science Mint on Sunday Sports Specials Close
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City Name Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting VRtually There More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost VRtually There Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 5798 7 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Comey, called 'nut job' by Trump, to testify in open session before Senate And just hours after he departed for the Middle East on Friday, President Trump was hit with double-barreled news leaks involving the Russia investigation. Post to Facebook Comey, called 'nut job' by Trump, to testify in open session before Senate And just hours after he departed for the Middle East on Friday, President Trump was hit with double-barreled news leaks involving the Russia investigation.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: https://usat.ly/2qCDbHx {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 544 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Comey, called 'nut job' by Trump, to testify in open session before Senate David Jackson and Kevin Johnson , USA TODAY Published 4:11 p.m. ET May 19, 2017 | Updated 3 hours ago CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share President Donald Trump told Russian diplomats that firing former FBI director James Comey relieved "great pressure" he felt regarding the bureau's investigation into possible collusion between his campaign and Russia according to NYT. Time President Trump and former FBI director James Comey are seen in this composite photo. (Photo: Michael Reynolds and Shawn Thew, epa) 5798 CONNECTTWEET 7 LINKEDIN 544 COMMENTEMAILMORE WASHINGTON — Former FBI director James Comey will soon testify in open session before the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, following revelations Friday that President Trump told Russian leaders that Comey is a "nut job" who was adding pressure to the high-stakes investigation of possible interference in the 2016 election. Comey, abruptly fired by Trump last week, has agreed to testify in public sometime after Memorial Day, the committee said in a statement. “I hope that former Director Comey’s testimony will help answer some of the questions that have arisen since Director Comey was so suddenly dismissed by the President," said Sen. Mark Warner, D-Va., the committee's vice chairman. "I also expect that Director Comey will be able to shed light on issues critical to this Committee’s investigation of Russian interference in the 2016 election. Director Comey served his country with honor for many years, and he deserves an opportunity to tell his story. Moreover, the American people deserve an opportunity to hear it.” A current White House official has drawn the scrutiny of federal investigators in the widening inquiry into Russia's interference in the 2016 election, a person familiar with the matter said Friday. The person, who is not authorized to comment publicly, declined to identify the White House official. The development was first reported by the Washington Post. The New York Times reported that Trump told Russian officials that Comey is a "nut job," and that dismissing him meant the pressure of the FBI's Russia probe has been "taken off." White House officials did not deny either story, but only stressed that Trump and his staff had no collusion with Russia. “As the President has stated before, a thorough investigation will confirm that there was no collusion between the campaign and any foreign entity," White House spokesman Sean Spicer said in response to the Post story that a White House official is now ensnared in the probe. The president himself labeled the ongoing FBI probe a "witch hunt" this week after the Justice Department appointed a special counsel to oversee it in the wake of Comey's firing. Earlier this week, revelations that Comey kept memos detailing his conversations with Trump, including one in which the president apparently pressed his former FBI director to drop the inquiry into former national security adviser Michael Flynn, roiled Washington. Sen. Richard Burr, R-N.C., chairman of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, said he hopes Comey's testimony brings some much-needed clarity. “The Committee looks forward to receiving testimony from the former Director on his role in the development of the Intelligence Community Assessment on Russian interference in the 2016 US elections, and I am hopeful that he will clarify for the American people recent events that have been broadly reported in the media,” Burr said. Read more: Trump travels to Saudi Arabia as bombshells multiply in Washington Calling impeachment talk 'ridiculous,' Trump denies pressing Comey to drop Michael Flynn investigation As for the conversation with the Russians about Comey, Spicer essentially put the onus on the ex-FBI director. "The President has always emphasized the importance of making deals with Russia as it relates to Syria, Ukraine, defeating ISIS and other key issues for the benefit and safety of the American people," Spicer said. "By grandstanding and politicizing the investigation into Russia's actions, James Comey created unnecessary pressure on our ability to engage and negotiate with Russia." Spicer denied that Trump fired Comey to block the Russia investigation, saying, "the investigation would have always continued, and obviously, the termination of Comey would not have ended it. The real story is that our national security has been undermined by the leaking of private and highly classified conversations." On May 10, the day after he fired Comey, Trump met with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey V. Lavrov and the Russian ambassador to the United States, Sergey I. Kislyak, in a meeting that has generated furious controversy. The Times, citing a report on the meeting a source read to them, said that Trump told the Russians: “I just fired the head of the F.B.I. He was crazy, a real nut job ... I faced great pressure because of Russia. That’s taken off.” The president also reportedly said: “I’m not under investigation.” The news said the documents that included the president's comments were based on notes taken from inside the Oval Office and have been circulated as the official account of the May 10 meeting. The report says one official read quotations to The Times, and a second official confirmed the broad outlines of the discussion. Other news reports also said that, during that same meeting, Trump discussed classified counter-terrorism information with the Russians. Democrats said the new stories underscore their belief that Trump fired Comey in order to shut down the Russia probe. "If there was any question as to why Comey was really fired, @realDonaldTrump just answered it. As I said, Nixonian," said Sen. Bob Casey, D-Pa. CNN reported that at one point during the 2016 campaign, Russian officials bragged in conversations that they had cultivated a strong relationship with Flynn and believed they could use him to influence Donald Trump and his team. Citing two unidentified sources, CNN also reported that White House lawyers have begun researching impeachment procedures in an effort to prepare for what officials still believe is a distant possibility that Trump could have to fend off attempts to remove him from office. White House officials believe the President has the backing of Republican allies in Congress and that impeachment is not in the cards, CNN reported. Even Democrats have tried to calm impeachment talk out of concern it is premature. But lawyers in the White House counsel's office have consulted experts in impeachment during the past week and have begun collecting information on how such proceedings would work, a person briefed on the matter told CNN. Trump's glibness in private - and even public - statements has apparently caused his staff some consternation. The Wall Street Journal reported Friday that Trump’s aides have been pressing for more restraint by the president on Twitter, and some weeks ago they organized what one official called an “intervention.” Aides have been concerned about the president’s use of Twitter to push inflammatory claims, notably his unsubstantiated allegation from March that his Democratic predecessor, Barack Obama, had wiretapped his offices, the Journal reported. In that meeting, aides warned Mr. Trump that certain kinds of comments made on Twitter would “paint him into a corner,” both in terms of political messaging and legally, an unnamed official told the Journal. The top Democrat on the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, Rep. Elijah E. Cummings, D-Md., called on Republican leaders to obtain the documents related to Trump's comments to Russian officials about Comey. “This new report that President Trump openly admitted to the Russians that he ‘faced great pressure’ from the FBI’s criminal investigation that was ‘taken off’ when he fired Director Comey is astonishing — and extremely troubling," Cummings said in a statement. "If these White House documents in fact exist memorializing the President’s statements to the Russians, the Oversight Committee needs to obtain copies immediately," he continued. "Chairman (Jason) Chaffetz should request these White House documents today and have his subpoena pen ready— just as he did earlier this week with the memos written by Director Comey.” Contributing: Doug Stanglin FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn The Trump presidency: A new era in Washington  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Trump responds to a question from a member of the news media during a joint news conference with Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos in the East Room of the White House on May 18, 2017.  Michael Reynolds, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump boards Air Force One at Andrews Air Force Base on May 17, 2017, en route to the U.S. Coast Guard Academy in New London, Conn., for a commencement address.  Susan Walsh, AP Fullscreen Trump meets with Henry Kissinger in the Oval Office on May 10, 2017.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen President Trump, Speaker Paul Ryan and other congressional Republicans celebrate in the Rose Garden of the White House following the House vote to repeal Obamacare on May 4, 2017.  Mandel Ngan, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump pauses as he speaks at the Pennsylvania Farm Show Complex and Expo Center in Harrisburg, Pa., on April, 29, 2017.  Carolyn Kaster, AP Fullscreen President Trump speaks during the National Rifle Association-ILA Leadership Forum on April 28, 2017, in Atlanta.  Mike Stewart, AP Fullscreen Secretary of the Interior Ryan Zinke listens while Trump speaks before signing an executive order to review the Antiquities Act at the Department of the Interior on April 26, 2017.  Brendan Smialowski, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump prepares to award a Purple Heart to U.S. Army Sgt. 1st Class Alvaro Barrientos, with first lady Melania Trump, right, and Tammy Barrientos, second from right, at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center on April 22, 2017, in Bethesda, Md.  Alex Brandon, AP Fullscreen Trump waves as he and Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin walk from the White House to the U.S. Treasury Department on April 21, 2017.  Jim Watson, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen President Trump greets Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni as he arrives at the West Wing of the White House on April 20, 2017.  Andrew Harnik, AP Fullscreen New England Patriots head coach Bill Belichick, President Trump, Patriots owner Robert Kraft and Patriots President Jonathan Kraft stand with Patriots players as Trump holds a team helmet at a ceremony honoring the Patriots as Super Bowl champions on the South Lawn at the White House on April 19, 2017.  Geoff Burke, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Trump joins attendees at the Easter Egg Roll to write notes to servicemembers on the South Lawn of the White House on April 17, 2017.  Brendan Smialowski, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump steps off Air Force One as he arrives at Palm Beach International Airport on April 13, 2017.  Richard Graulich, AP Fullscreen Trump speaks in the Rose Garden of the White House on April 10, 2017, at the swearing-in ceremony for Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump pumps his fist as he and Chinese President Xi Jinping walk together at the Mar-a-Lago estate in West Palm Beach, Fla., on April 7, 2017.  Jim Watson, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen President Trump walks to the podium to speak about the missile strike on Syria on April 6, 2017, at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach, Fla.  Alex Brandon, AP Fullscreen Trump speaks during a Wounded Warriors event in the East Room of the White House on April 6, 2017.  Brendan Smialowski, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen President Trump and Jordan's King Abdullah II hold a news conference in the Rose Garden at the White House on April 5, 2017.  Andrew Harnik, AP Fullscreen President Trump speaks about trade as Vice President Pence looks on before signing executive orders in the Oval Office on March 31, 2017.  Olivier Douliery, Pool/European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen President Trump shakes hands with New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie during an opioid and drug abuse listening session in the Roosevelt Room on March 29, 2017.  Shawn Thew, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen President Trump, flanked by Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price and Vice President Pence, speaks about the health care overhaul bill on March 24, 2017, in the Oval Office.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen Trump gets in the driver's seat of an 18-wheeler while meeting with truck drivers and trucking CEOs on the South Portico prior to their meeting to discuss health care at the White House on March 23, 2017.  Jim Lo Scalzo, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen President Trump speaks during a meeting with Congressional Black Caucus members in the Cabinet Room at the White House on March 22, 2017.  Chip Somodevilla, Pool/European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump holds a NASA flight jacket presented to him by NASA Astronaut Office Chief Chris Cassidy after signing the NASA Transition Authorization Act of 2017 in the Oval Office on March 21, 2017.  Bill Ingalls, NASA/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump and Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price arrive on Capitol Hill on March 21, 2017, to meet with GOP lawmakers on the Republican health care overhaul.  J. Scott Applewhite, AP Fullscreen Trump speaks to reporters onboard Air Force One before departing from Palm Beach International Airport in West Palm Beach, Fla., on March 19, 2017.  Mandel Ngan, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump and German Chancellor Angela Merkel walk down the Cross Hall to enter the East Room for a joint press conference at the White House on March 17, 2017.  Michael Reynolds, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump talks with House Speaker Paul Ryan on Capitol Hill on March 16, 2017, during a "Friends of Ireland" luncheon.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump speaks to auto workers at the American Center for Mobility on March 15, 2017, in Ypsilanti, Mich.  Bill Pugliano, Getty Images Fullscreen Trump holds up a note and drawing depicting him that was created by the child of Greg Knox of Ohio during a meeting on health care in the Roosevelt Room on March 13, 2017.  MIchael Reynolds, Pool, Getty Images Fullscreen Trump holds a National Economic Council listening session with the CEOs of community banks in the Roosevelt Room of the White House on March 9, 2017.  Kevin Dietsch, Pool/European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump gestures as he surprises visitors during the official reopening of public tours at the White House on March 7, 2017.  Jim Watson, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump walks with grandchildren Arabella Kushner and Joseph Kushner, holding a model of Marine One, across the South Lawn of the White House on March 3, 2017, before boarding Marine One helicopter for the short flight to nearby Andrews Air Force Base.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen Trump tours the Combat Direction Center on the pre-commissioned USS Gerald R. Ford aircraft carrier in Newport News, Va., on March 2, 2017.  Saul Loeb, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump has lunch with Congressional Republican leaders, including Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and House Speaker Paul Ryan, in the Roosevelt Room of the White House on March 1, 2017.  Erik S. Lesser, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen President Trump speaks before a joint session of Congress on Feb. 28, 2017.  Jack Gruber, USA TODAY Fullscreen Trump holds up an executive order to bolster historically black colleges and universities after signing it in the Oval Office on Feb. 28, 2017.  Jim Watson, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump makes a toast during a dinner reception for the annual National Governors Association winter meeting on Feb. 26, 2017, in the State Dining Room of the White House.  Manuel Balce Ceneta, AP Fullscreen Trump and Pence arrive for a meeting with manufacturing executives at the White House on Feb. 23, 2017.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin listens at right as Trump speaks during a meeting on the federal budget on Feb. 22, 2017, in the Roosevelt Room of the White House.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump reaches out to shake hands with Army Lt. Gen. H.R. McMaster at his Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach, Fla., on Feb. 20, 2017, where Trump announced that McMaster will be the new national security adviser.  Susan Walsh, AP Fullscreen The Trumps attend a campaign-style rally on Feb. 18, 2017, in Melbourne, Fla.  Chris O'Meara, AP Fullscreen President Trump walks with his grandchildren Arabella Kushner and Joseph Kushner to Marine One on the South Lawn of the White House on Feb. 17, 2017.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump speaks during a news conference on Feb. 16, 2017, in the East Room of the White House.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu shake hands during a joint news conference in the East Room of the White House on Feb. 15, 2017.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen Trump meets with retail industry leaders in the Roosevelt Room of the White House on Feb. 15, 2017.  Saul Loeb, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump and Education Secretary Betsy DeVos attend a meeting with parents and teachers on Feb. 14, 2017, in the Roosevelt Room of the White House.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump looks on as Steven Mnuchin is sworn in as Treasury secretary on Feb. 13, 2017.  Alex Wong, Getty Images Fullscreen Trump meets with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau in the Oval Office on Feb. 13, 2017.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump walks from Marine One on the South Lawn of the White House as he returns from his weekend trip to Mar-a-Lago on Feb. 12, 2017.  Molly Riley, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe listen to the translator after they both made statements about North Korea at Mar-a-Lago on Feb. 11, 2017.  Susan Walsh, AP Fullscreen President Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, accompanied by their wives, first lady Melania Trump and Akie Abe, wave before boarding Air Force One at Andrews Air Force Base on Feb. 10, 2017.  Jose Luis Magana, AP Fullscreen President Trump speaks to Democratic and Republican senators about Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch in the Roosevelt Room on Feb. 9, 2017.  Pool, Getty Images Fullscreen Trump arrives for a meeting with airline executives on Feb. 9, 2017.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Intel CEO Brian Krzanich speaks during a meeting with Trump on Feb. 8, 2017, where Intel announced an investment of $7 billion to build a factory in Chandler, Ariz., to create advanced semi-conductor chips.  Chris Kleponis, Pool/European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump holds up a gift given to him by county sheriffs following a meeting as they pose for photos in the Oval Office on Feb. 7, 2017.  Saul Loeb, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen President Trump has lunch with troops during a visit to the U.S. Central Command at MacDill Air Force Base on Feb. 6, 2017, in Tampa, Fla.  Mandel Ngan, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen The Trumps watch the Super Bowl at a party at Trump International Golf Club in West Palm Beach, Fla., on Feb. 5, 2017.  Susan Walsh, AP Fullscreen The Trumps arrive for the 60th Annual Red Cross Gala at his Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach, Fla., on on Feb. 4, 2017.  Mandel Ngan, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen President Trump walks with first lady Melania Trump on the tarmac after he arrived on Air Force One at the Palm Beach International Airport for a visit to Mar-a-Lago on Feb. 3, 2017.  Joe Raedle, Getty Images Fullscreen Trump speaks during the beginning of a policy and strategy forum with business executives in the State Dining Room of the White House on Feb. 3, 2017.  Brendan Smialowski, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus and Vice President Pence look on as Trump speaks briefly to reporters after greeting Harley Davidson executives on the South Lawn of the White House on Feb. 2, 2017.  Drew Angerer, Getty Images Fullscreen Television producer Mark Burnett, left, and Sen. John Boozman, R-Ark., look on as Trump waves upon his arrival for the National Prayer Breakfast on Feb. 2, 2017, in Washington.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump shakes hands with Neil Gorsuch, his Supreme Court nominee, in the East Room of the White House on Jan. 31, 2017.  Michael Reynolds, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen President Trump meets with small-business leaders in the Roosevelt Room of the White House on Jan. 30, 2017.  Jim Lo Scalzo, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen President Trump speaks on the phone with German Chancellor Angela Merkel in the Oval Office on Jan. 28, 2017.  Michael Reynolds, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump shakes hands with Defense Secretary James Mattis during an event at the Pentagon on Jan. 27, 2017. Vice President Pence is at right.  Susan Walsh, AP Fullscreen Trump greets British Prime Minister Theresa May as she arrives at the White House on Jan. 27, 2017.  Shawn Thew, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell watch as President Trump arrives to speak to House and Senate GOP lawmakers at the annual policy retreat in Philadelphia on Jan. 26, 2017.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen Trump boards Air Force One at Andrews Air Force Base in Maryland on Jan. 26, 2017, as he departed to attend a Republican congressional retreat in Philadelphia.  Nicholas Kamm, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump, accompanied by Vice President Mike Pence, gives a thumbs-up on Jan. 25, 2017, at the White House.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen Trump reads from one of the executive orders he signed during a visit to the Department of Homeland Security with Vice President Mike Pence, Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly and other officials in Washington on Jan. 25, 2017.  Chip Somodevilla, Pool/European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump arrives for meeting with automobile leaders in the Roosevelt Room of the White House on Jan. 24, 2017.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen Trump displays one of five executive actions he signed in the Oval Office on Jan. 24, 2017.  Shawn Thew, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump speaks during a reception for House and Senate leaders in the the State Dining Room of the White House on Jan. 23, 2017.  Susan Walsh, AP Fullscreen Trump signs executive actions in the Oval Office on Jan. 23, 2017.  Saul Loeb, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump meets with business leaders on Jan. 23, 2017, in the Roosevelt Room.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen President Trump holds a letter left for him by former president Barack Obama as Vice President Pence looks on before the swearing-in of the White House senior staff on Jan. 22, 2017.  Mandel Ngan, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump speaks at the CIA headquarters in Langley, Va., on Jan. 21, 2017.  Andrew Harnik, AP Fullscreen The Trumps arrive for a National Prayer Service at the National Cathedral on Jan. 21, 2017.  Andrew Harnik, AP Fullscreen The Trumps and Pences attend the Freedom Ball on Jan. 20, 2017.  Kevin Dietsch, Pool/European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump is joined by the congressional leadership and his family as he formally signs his cabinet nominations into law in the Presidents Room of the Senate on Jan. 20, 2017.  J. Scott Applewhite, Pool Photo-USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Trump and Obama arrive for Trump's inauguration luncheon at the Capitol.  J. Scott Applewhite, Pool Fullscreen The Trumps and Obamas stand on the steps of the U.S. Capitol on Jan. 20, 2017.  Rob Carr, Getty Images Fullscreen Trump delivers his inaugural address on Jan. 20, 2017, on the west front of the U.S. Capitol  Porter Binks, USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 85 2 of 85 3 of 85 4 of 85 5 of 85 6 of 85 7 of 85 8 of 85 9 of 85 10 of 85 11 of 85 12 of 85 13 of 85 14 of 85 15 of 85 16 of 85 17 of 85 18 of 85 19 of 85 20 of 85 21 of 85 22 of 85 23 of 85 24 of 85 25 of 85 26 of 85 27 of 85 28 of 85 29 of 85 30 of 85 31 of 85 32 of 85 33 of 85 34 of 85 35 of 85 36 of 85 37 of 85 38 of 85 39 of 85 40 of 85 41 of 85 42 of 85 43 of 85 44 of 85 45 of 85 46 of 85 47 of 85 48 of 85 49 of 85 50 of 85 51 of 85 52 of 85 53 of 85 54 of 85 55 of 85 56 of 85 57 of 85 58 of 85 59 of 85 60 of 85 61 of 85 62 of 85 63 of 85 64 of 85 65 of 85 66 of 85 67 of 85 68 of 85 69 of 85 70 of 85 71 of 85 72 of 85 73 of 85 74 of 85 75 of 85 76 of 85 77 of 85 78 of 85 79 of 85 80 of 85 81 of 85 82 of 85 83 of 85 84 of 85 85 of 85 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide 5798 CONNECTTWEET 7 LINKEDIN 544 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2qCDbHx
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Hardware Unboxed Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Mobile Microsoft surface pro Microsoft's Surface Pro 5 leaks online with minimal design changes By Shawn Knight on May 19, 2017, 11:15 AM TechSpot Panos Panay, Corporate Vice President for Surface at Microsoft, told CNET recently that “there’s no such thing as a [Surface] Pro 5” in an attempt to drive home the notion that his company wouldn’t update the Surface Pro 4 until a “meaningful” change is in order. After viewing images of the alleged device provided by serial leaker Evan Blass, however, it would seem that Microsoft may be having a change of heart (or perhaps the meaningful changes aren’t visually evident). Indeed, the system in the supplied image looks very similar to what’s already on the market in the form of the Surface Pro 4 save for a few slightly different choices on the accessory color palette and an overall design that’s a hair slimmer and sleeker (sorry, there’s still no USB Type-C connector). Blass doesn’t speculate on changes under the hood although it’s pretty much a given that we’ll find Intel’s latest family of processors and perhaps some speedier supporting hardware. He does note, however, that the device will simply be known as the Surface Pro rather than the Surface Pro 5. Microsoft revealed earlier this month that it would be hosting a media event on May 23 in Shanghai where it’ll “show the world what’s next.” It’s at this event that we’ll likely see the next Surface Pro as well as a Surface Phone. Related Reads Microsoft slashes Surface Pro 2 pricing ahead of Surface Pro 3 launch Microsoft releases fix for Surface Book, Surface Pro 4 power management issues Apple iPad Pro vs. Microsoft Surface Pro 4: Which 2-in-1 device to get? 6 comments 75 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… Galaxy Note 7 to resurface next month as the Galaxy Note FE Republic Wireless wants to give you 6 months of free service HTC announces its squeezable U11 flagship phone Product Finder scores 83 Microsoft Surface Pro 4 83 Microsoft Surface Pro 3 79 Microsoft Surface Pro 2 Popular 60 comments Most iPhone owners intend to buy an iPhone 8, despite the high price Gigabyte Aero 15 Review: No Bezels, No Worries Load Comments 6 ... User Comments: 6 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 11 Intel or AMD? 65 What was the last piece of PC hardware you bought? 8 IP question 7 How to upgrade my PC 8 Computer won't power on after pulling power cord out from computer Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Arrest Records Video Pleasanton woman charged in crash that killed 3-year-old Missing SF toddler found safe in LA; father apprehended Missing Santa Rosa couple found dead in plane downed in Sierra 14-year-old boy leads police on 100 mph chase in North Bay News Education Nation World Politics Sponsored: Clean Energy CA Trump opens first presidential trip abroad in Saudi Arabia Food cart shut down? Turn to Egypt's president on live TV Pacific Rim ministers meet in Hanoi, seek to revive TPP Gen. Lee the last Confederate statue removed in New Orleans Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Quakes Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Outdoors Giants notes: On the pitchers behind Friday’s comeback win A’s beat Red Sox on Canha walk-off homer in 10th Warriors planning for Kawhi Leonard to play Game 3 Giants stun Cardinals in ninth, win opener of trip Business Technology The Tech Chronicles Jobs Public Notices Sponsored Content VisionSF Security experts predicted WannaCry attack; why did so few ICYMI: Branson toys with Virgin, Uber explains un-fare prices The time Steve Jobs missed U2; electric-car wait; drones fly free Thousands of AT&T workers expected to join weekend strike A&E The Daily Dish Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Events Books TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Things To Do Chris Cornell: the startling suicide of an eclectic talent The latest from Dear Abby Reno-Tahoe Nightlife Bathed in 1980s glory, U2 fans find what they’re looking for Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Food critic Michael Bauer 'Avocontrol': Cafe now serving avocado lattes Hamada Farms: Longtime vendor retiring from Ferry Plaza Farmers Peet's Coffee shops are now selling chicken and waffle sandwiches Curry Up Now buys Tava Kitchen, expands to Alameda Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust Cannabis LGBT Mommy Files Houzz Parenting Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Over 1,000 trees chopped down at Camp Mather, bark beetles to An expert warns against exotic travel plans for young children Opening Ceremony debuts detachable jeans, immediately gets mocked Are Alexa and Siri teaching our children to be rude? Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Five ways to enjoy Filoli Westin Nanea Ocean Villas offer memories of Hawaii’s royal past New and renovated SF hotels ready for summer season Hangzhou: Dynamic city steeped in ancient mystique Real Estate The Walk-Through New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Hot Property: Sumptuous details in Eurkea Valley view home Japanese tea house with a pool in Piedmont asks $2.4 million Two Eichlers hit Marin market at different price points: Which Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car 1977 MGB Roadster made to travel Highway 1 Flagship model serves up elite international Grand Touring Coupes Carpooling mom rediscovers speed in Honda S2000 Subaru makes an even sleeker Outback Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Be aware of the five most common interview areas Multiple careers, one resume? Follow quick tips for making your first job successful Battling depression during your job search Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/nation/article/Russia-probe-reaches-current-White-House-11160226.php Russia probe reaches current White House official, sources say By Devlin Barrett and Matt Zapotosky Published 5:07 pm, Friday, May 19, 2017 WASHINGTON — The law enforcement investigation into possible coordination between Russia and the Trump campaign has identified a current White House official as a significant person of interest, showing that the probe is reaching into the highest levels of government, according to people familiar with the matter. The senior White House adviser under scrutiny by investigators is someone close to the president, according to these people, who would not further identify the official. The revelation comes as the investigation also appears to be entering a more overtly active phase, with investigators shifting from work that has remained largely hidden from the public to conducting interviews and using a grand jury to issue subpoenas. The intensity of the probe is expected to accelerate in the coming weeks, the people said. The sources emphasized that investigators remain keenly interested in people who previously wielded influence in the Trump campaign and administration but are no longer part of it, including former national security adviser Michael Flynn and former campaign chairman Paul Manafort. Latest news videos Flynn resigned in February after disclosures that he had lied to administration officials about his contacts with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak. Current administration officials who have acknowledged contacts with Russian officials include President Trump’s son-in-law, Jared Kushner; Attorney General Jeff Sessions; and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. People familiar with the investigation said the intensifying effort does not mean criminal charges are near, or that any such charges will result. Earlier this week, Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein appointed former FBI Director Robert Mueller to serve as special counsel and lead the investigation into Russian meddling. It is unclear exactly how Mueller’s leadership will affect the direction of the probe, and he is already bringing in new people to work on the team. Those familiar with the case said its significance had increased before Mueller’s appointment. While the case began quietly in July as an effort to determine whether any Trump associates coordinated with Russian operatives to meddle in the presidential election campaign, the investigative work now being done by the FBI also includes determining whether any financial crimes were committed by people close to the president. The people familiar with the matter said the probe has sharpened into something more fraught for the White House, the FBI and the Justice Department — particularly because of the public steps investigators know they now need to take, the people said. When subpoenas are issued or interviews are requested, it is possible the people being asked to talk or provide documents will reveal publicly what they were asked about. A small group of lawmakers known as the Gang of Eight was notified of the change in tempo and focus in the investigation at a classified briefing Wednesday evening, the people familiar with the matter said. Then-FBI Director James Comey had publicly confirmed the existence of the investigation in March. White House spokesman Sean Spicer said, “As the president has stated before, a thorough investigation will confirm that there was no collusion between the campaign and any foreign entity.” While there has been a loud public debate in recent days over the question of whether the president might have attempted to obstruct justice in his private dealings with Comey, whom Trump fired last week, people familiar with the matter said investigators on the case are more focused on Russian influence operations and possible financial crimes. The FBI’s investigation seeks to determine whether and to what extent Trump associates were in contact with Kremlin operatives, what business dealings they might have had in Russia, and whether they facilitated the hacking and publishing of emails of the Democratic National Committee and Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta during the presidential campaign. Several congressional committees are also investigating, though their probes could not produce criminal charges. A grand jury in Alexandria, Va., recently issued a subpoena for records related to Flynn’s business, the Flynn Intel Group, which had been paid more than $500,000 by a company owned by a Turkish American businessman close to top Turkish officials, according to people familiar with the matter. The Flynn Intel Group was paid for research on Fethullah Gulen, a cleric who Turkey’s current president believes was responsible for a coup attempt last summer. Flynn retroactively registered with the Justice Department in March as a paid foreign agent for Turkish interests. Separately from the probe now run by Mueller, Flynn is being investigated by the Pentagon’s top watchdog for his foreign payments. Flynn also received $45,000 to appear in 2015 with Russian President Vladimir Putin at a dinner for RT, a Kremlin-controlled media organization. Flynn discussed U.S. sanctions against Russia with Kislyak during the month before Trump took office, and he withheld that fact from even Vice President Mike Pence. That prompted then-acting Attorney General Sally Yates to warn the White House’s top lawyer that Flynn might be susceptible to blackmail. Flynn stepped down after the Washington Post reported on the contents of the call. The president has nonetheless seemed to defend his former adviser. A memo by Comey alleged that Trump even asked that the probe into Flynn be shut down. The White House also has acknowledged that Kushner met with Kislyak in late November. Kushner also has acknowledged that he met with the head of a Russian development bank, Vnesheconombank, which has been under U.S. sanctions since July 2014. The president’s son-in-law initially omitted contacts with foreign leaders from a national security questionnaire, though his lawyer said Kushner submitted the form prematurely and informed the FBI soon after that he would provide an update. Devlin Barrett and Matt Zapotosky are Washington Post writers. Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. THE TRUMP PRESIDENCY Report: White House starting impeachment research Comey to testify before Senate intel committee Russia probe reaches current White House official Justice official says he stands by critical memo on Comey Foreign leaders reportedly get primer for kissing up to Trump Will Melania Trump wear a headscarf in Saudi Arabia? LATEST NEWS Missing SF toddler found safe in LA; father apprehended Giants stun Cardinals in ninth, win opener of trip Pleasanton woman charged in crash that killed 3-year-old Missing Santa Rosa couple found dead in downed plane 3 puppies perish in hot Concord car, 6 survive Colbert’s Trump joke sparked flood of FCC complaints Kids' cute letters score family a coveted house in SF SFPD: Boys & Girls Club janitor had child pornography West Coast Fearless Girl? Dems installs 'Persist' statue Creator of 'Charging Bull' criticizes 'Fearless Girl' 'Fearless Girl' earns $7.4M in free media for State Street Longtime Bay Area sports broadcaster dies at 80 Can you name these local TV stars from their childhood photos? Warriors preparing for hostile environment in San Antonio The bromance between Zaza and Klay is real and beautiful Lots of litter, but no enforcement, at S.F.’s Dolores Park Talbot: Readers blast their horns about Uber and Lyft TODAY'S TOP PICKS Cannes Film Festival turned into a catwalk for big-time models Oroville school perplexed by sudden appearance of 100 fish Too big? Model with 36-inch hips fired by Louis Vuitton Most Popular 1 Missing SF toddler found safe in LA; father apprehended 2 The White House is reportedly starting to prepare for the... 3 Steve Harvey Accused of Torturing His Ex-Wife in $60 Million... 4 Disturbance on LA-to-Hawaii flight brings FBI, fighter jets 5 Wayne Walker, longtime Bay Area sports broadcaster, dies at 80 6 Danville Costco re-opens after midday robbery, gunfire 7 92-foot 'Venus,' now San Francisco's tallest statue, opens to... 8 The West Coast Fearless Girl? The California Democratic Party... 9 The bromance between Zaza Pachulia and Klay Thompson is real... 10 Model with 36-inch hips says Louis Vuitton fired her for being... LATEST NEWS Missing SF toddler found safe in LA; father apprehended Giants stun Cardinals in ninth, win opener of trip Pleasanton woman charged in crash that killed 3-year-old Missing Santa Rosa couple found dead in downed plane 3 puppies perish in hot Concord car, 6 survive Colbert’s Trump joke sparked flood of FCC complaints Kids' cute letters score family a coveted house in SF SFPD: Boys & Girls Club janitor had child pornography View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Sections My Edition My Edition home page Home Home page Today's Paper News Top News Breaking News Live blog Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Nation/World Education Health Bizarre News tb-two NIE Weather Politics Politics The Buzz Blog Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida Florida Legislature Business Sports Sports Scores & Stats Bucs Rays Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Obituaries Things to do Things To Do Events Food & Dining Kids Date night Shopping Deal Divas blog Florida travel Movie times Music & concerts Soundcheck blog Arts Stage Search Video Opinion Features Features Good Reads Floridian Magazine Bay magazine Travel Books Parenting Pets Weddings Fashion LifeTimes Comics & Games Circulars Entertainment Entertainment news TV & media The Feed blog TV listings Movies Movie times The Juice blog Stuck in the '80s blog Blogs Blogs Bay Buzz Bucs Beat Deal Divas Gadgets & Gizmos Gator Report Lightning Strikes The Heater The Buzz The Feed The State You're In The Gradebook The Juice SoundCheck Stuck in the 80s USF Sports Bulletin TBT Site Map Services Apps Shop Classified Cars Jobs Homes Subscriber Services Legal Ads Advertise Press releases Search Tampa Bay Times Pulitzer Prizes Make us your home page Today's Paper E-Newspaper Search Home My Edition News Politics Sports Things to Do Video Opinion Features & More Circulars Breaking news Live blog Business/Finance Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Education Health Obituaries More Tourism MOSI to close most of its building, IMAX to save money before move to downtown Tampa US/World Bizarre news Weather Hurricane guide Special topics Social media Newspaper in Education (NIE) Top News 10 hospitalized after gas station nacho cheese botulism outbreak In New Orleans, Confederate monuments are gone — Lee last Male victim hospitalized after shooting in west-central Tampa Police: Two dead in Tampa Palms apartment shooting, man in custody Sheriff Gee announces major drug bust in West Hillsborough News blogs All Eyes photo blog The Feed (Pop culture & media) Gadgets & Gizmos The Gradebook (Education) Deal Divas LIST OF ALL BLOGS The Buzz blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz blog PolitiFact PolitiFact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Medical marijuana The Buzz Philip Levine opens door to running as independent for governor Top News Post reports: Russia probe reaches current White House official Joe Biden slams Hillary Clinton: 'I never thought she was a great candidate' Trump heads overseas, turmoil in his wake March column: Pam Iorio, who isn't running, clear favorite in Tampa mayor's poll While Hillsborough, St. Pete colleges take a budget hit — public universities get more Political writers Adam Smith Steve Bousquet Alex Leary Michael Auslen Jeremy Wallace Scores & stats Rays Bucs 2017 NFL Draft Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Outdoors Rowdies More The Heater Rays edge Yankees, get back to .500 to open key series (w/video) Golf Auto Racing Storm Rays Opening Day gifs Spring Training Steven Stamkos Jameis Winston Evan Longoria Top News What the Ryan Fitzpatrick signing says about the Bucs' expectations Rays edge Yankees, get back to .500 to open key series (w/video) Rowdies come back to beat Toronto FC II Behold, the size and strength of Yankees phenom Aaron Judge Why the Buccaneers hope new backup Ryan Fitzpatrick never has to throw a pass Sports blogs Bucs Beat The Heater (Rays) Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report LIST OF ALL BLOGS Events Food & dining Top 50 restaurants 2017 Cooking Kids Date night Shopping/Divas Music & concerts Florida travel Stage Arts Movie times Stage After 44 years, principal clarinetist Brian Moorhead retires from the Florida Orchestra Top News Hat Trick Theatre's farcical 'The Three Musketeers' is about as much fun as losing a sword fight After 44 years, principal clarinetist Brian Moorhead retires from the Florida Orchestra Blogs & Neighborhoods Deal Divas Soundcheck Downtown Tampa South Tampa Ybor City Downtown St. Pete Tarpon Springs South Pinellas Beaches West Pasco MORE NEIGHBORHOODS Editorials & letters Perspective Submit a letter to the editor Editorials Editorial: Pinellas School Board should approve blueprint to close achievement gap within a decade Top Opinion Editorial: Pinellas Commission should not spend resort tax money on new museum Editorial: Frivolous 'influencers' spending Editorial: Lack of professionalism at Pasco Sheriff's Office Editorial: Pinellas School Board should approve blueprint to close achievement gap within a decade Editorial: FAA reveals the truth by mistake Columnists Tim Nickens Bill Maxwell Daniel Ruth Sue Carlton John Romano Ernest Hooper Dan DeWitt Features Good reads Entertainment news Floridian magazine Bay magazine Books Travel Pets Parenting Games TV listings Movie times Worse than the pain? The shame of endometriosis Top News From podcasts to singing, finding small joys in commuting Tampa Bay Special topics A-Z TOPIC INDEX All Eyes photo blog Social media Worst Charities Scientology LifeTimes Senior Living Guide BLOG INDEX SITE MAP CONTACT US Breaking news Live blog Weather Obituaries Business Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida US/World Education Health Bizarre Blogs Buzz Blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Scores/stats Rays Bucs Lightning UF FSU USF High School Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Bucs Beat The Heater Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report Features Good Reads Entertainment Floridian magazine Bay magazine Special Topics Blogs Site Map Food & Dining Kids Events Date Night Deals & Shopping FL Travel Movies Movie Times Music & Shows Arts Stage OnScene Videos Neighborhoods Blogs Travel Books Relationships Pets Weddings Fashion Pop Culture LifeTimes Senior Living Guide TV & Media The Feed TV listings Movies Movie Times Juice Stuck in the '80s Home News Photos Scoreboard Teams Blog Video Recruiting Standings Leaders Hillsborough crime reports South and Central Tampa Brandon and South Shore Northwest Hillsborough and New Tampa Pinellas crime reports St. Pete Times Clearwater & North Pinellas Pasco things to do Hernando crime reports Hernando things to do Finance and Markets Deals and Shopping Cooking Recipes Restaurants Bars & Spirits Craft Beer Taste Test Sign up for DayStarter Today’s top headlines delivered to you daily. (View our Privacy Policy) Post reports: Russia probe reaches current White House official Times wires Tampa Bay Times Friday, May 19, 2017 6:27pm Print 0 My Edition I want to see more articles tagged I'm already following articles tagged WASHINGTON — The law enforcement investigation into possible coordination between Russia and the Trump campaign has identified a current White House official as a significant person of interest, showing that the probe is reaching into the highest levels of government, the Washington Post reports, citing people familiar with the matter. Related News/Archive Acting FBI director vows to inform committee if White House tries to upend Russia probe 1 Week Ago White House demands probe into alleged Obama power abuse 2 Months Ago House intel chairman Nunes steps away from Russia probe, citing ethics complaints (w/ video) 1 Month Ago According to the Post,these people say the senior White House adviser under scrutiny by investigators is someone close to the president. The Post said they would not further identify the official. Separately, the New York Times reported Friday afternoon that President Donald Trump told Russian officials in the Oval Office this month that firing FBI Director James B. Comey had relieved "great pressure" on him. The Times' report cited a document summarizing the meeting. "I just fired the head of the FBI. He was crazy, a real nut job," Trump said, according to the New York Times, which said the document, was read to its reporter by an American official. "I faced great pressure because of Russia. That's taken off." Trump added, "I'm not under investigation." The conversation, during a May 10 meeting — the day after he fired Comey — reinforces the notion that Trump dismissed him primarily because of the bureau's investigation into possible collusion between his campaign and Russian operatives. Trump said as much in one televised interview, but the White House has offered changing justifications for the firing. Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, did not dispute the account. In a statement, he said that Comey had put unnecessary pressure on the president's ability to conduct diplomacy with Russia on matters such as Syria, Ukraine and the Islamic State. "By grandstanding and politicizing the investigation into Russia's actions, James Comey created unnecessary pressure on our ability to engage and negotiate with Russia," Spicer said. "The investigation would have always continued, and obviously, the termination of Comey would not have ended it. Once again, the real story is that our national security has been undermined by the leaking of private and highly classified conversations." The reports come as the investigation also appears to be entering a more overtly active phase, with investigators shifting from work that has remained largely hidden from the public to conducting interviews and using a grand jury to issue subpoenas. The Post reports that its sources say the intensity of the probe is expected to accelerate in the coming weeks. According to the report, the sources emphasized that investigators remain keenly interested in people who previously wielded influence in the Trump campaign and administration but are no longer part of it, including former national security adviser Michael Flynn and former campaign chairman Paul Manafort. Flynn resigned in February after disclosures that he had lied to administration officials about his contacts with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak. Current administration officials who have acknowledged contacts with Russian officials include Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner, as well as Cabinet members Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. The Post reports that people familiar with the investigation said the intensifying effort does not mean criminal charges are near, or that any such charges will result. Earlier this week, Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein appointed former FBI Director Robert Mueller to serve as special counsel and lead the investigation into Russian meddling. It is unclear exactly how Mueller's leadership will affect the direction of the probe, and he is already bringing in new people to work on the team. Those familiar with the case said its significance had increased before Mueller's appointment, the Post reports. While the case began quietly last July as an effort to determine whether any Trump associates coordinated with Russian operatives to meddle in the presidential election campaign, the investigative work now being done by the FBI also includes determining whether any financial crimes were committed by people close to the president. According to the Post, the people familiar with the matter said the probe has sharpened into something more fraught for the White House, the FBI and the Justice Department — particularly because of the public steps investigators know they now need to take, the people said. When subpoenas are issued or interviews are requested, it is possible the people being asked to talk or provide documents will reveal publicly what they were asked about. A small group of lawmakers known as the Gang of Eight were notified of the change in tempo and focus in the investigation at a classified briefing on Wednesday evening, the Post reported, citing the people familiar with the matter. Comey had publicly confirmed the existence of the investigation in March. Justice Department spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores said, "I can't confirm or deny the existence or non-existence of investigations or targets of investigations." An FBI spokesman declined to comment. Spicer told the Post, "as the president has stated before, a thorough investigation will confirm that there was no collusion between the campaign and any foreign entity." While there has been a loud public debate in recent days over the question of whether the president might have attempted to obstruct justice in his private dealings with Comey, according to the Post, people familiar with the matter said investigators on the case are more focused on Russian influence operations and possible financial crimes. The FBI's investigation seeks to determine whether and to what extent Trump associates were in contact with Kremlin operatives, what business dealings they might have had in Russia, and whether they in any way facilitated the hacking and publishing of Democratic National Committee and Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta's emails during the presidential campaign. Several congressional committees are also investigating, though their probes could not produce criminal charges. A grand jury in Alexandria, Va., recently issued a subpoena for records related to Flynn's business, The Flynn Intel Group, which had been paid more than $500,000 by a company owned by a Turkish American businessman close to top Turkish officials, the Post reports, citing people familiar with the matter. The Flynn Intel Group was paid for research on Fethullah Gulen, a cleric who Turkey's current president believes was responsible for a coup attempt last summer. Flynn retroactively registered with the Justice Department in March as a paid foreign agent for Turkish interests. Separately from the probe now run by Mueller, Flynn is being investigated by the Pentagon's top watchdog for his foreign payments. Flynn also received $45,000 to appear in 2015 with Russian President Vladimir Putin at a dinner for RT, a Kremlin-controlled media organization. Flynn discussed U.S. sanctions against Russia with Russia's ambassador to the United States during the month before President Donald Trump took office, and he withheld that fact from even Vice President Mike Pence. That prompted then Acting Attorney General Sally Yates to warn the White House's top lawyer he might be susceptible to blackmail. Flynn stepped down after The Washington Post reported on the contents of the call. The president has nonetheless seemed to defend his former adviser. A memo by fired FBI Director Comey alleged Trump even asked that the probe into Flynn be shut down. The White House also has acknowledged that Kushner met with Kislyak, the Russian ambassador to the U.S., in late November. Kushner also has acknowledged that he met with the head of a Russian development bank, Vnesheconombank, which has been under U.S. sanctions since July 2014. The president's son in law initially omitted contacts with foreign leaders from a national security questionnaire, though his lawyer has said publicly he submitted the form prematurely and informed the FBI soon after he would provide an update. Vnesheconombank handles development for the state, and in early 2015, a man purporting to be one of its New York-based employees was arrested and accused of being an unregistered spy. That man — Evgeny Buryakov — ultimately pleaded guilty and was eventually deported. He had been in contact with former Trump adviser Carter Page, though Page has said he shared only "basic immaterial information and publicly available research documents" with the Russian. Page was the subject of a secret warrant last year issued by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, based on suspicions he might have been acting as an agent of the Russian government, according to people familiar with the matter. Page has denied any wrongdoing, and accused the government of violating his civil rights. President Donald Trump and first lady Melania Trump depart the White House on Friday for Joint Base Andrews en route to Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. [Olivier Douliery | Abaca Press via TNS] Post reports: Russia probe reaches current White House official 05/19/17 [Last modified: Friday, May 19, 2017 6:25pm] Photo reprints | Article reprints © 2017 Tampa Bay Times      Abuse Policy Commenting Guidelines Join the discussion: Click to view comments, add yours Loading... Latest News Tap for more 10 hospitalized after gas station nacho cheese botulism outbreak 1:11 AM By Aaron Davis, East Bay Times (TNS) ANTIOCH, Calif. — An outbreak of foodborne botulism originating from a gas station in Walnut Grove has left 10 people hospitalized, the state Department of Health reported Friday, and an Antioch resident may have died as a result. In New Orleans, Confederate monuments are gone — Lee last 1:06 AM NationBy Janet McConnaughey and Rebecca Santana, Associated Press NEW ORLEANS — They were among the city's oldest landmarks, as cemented to the landscape of New Orleans as the Superdome and St. Louis Cathedral: a stone obelisk heralding white supremacy and three statues of Confederate stalwarts. At donor dinner, Marco Rubio bashes media for coverage of Trump 5/19/17 BlogsTracey McManus, Times Staff Writer Sen. Marco Rubio began his remarks to more than 300 donors at the Republican Party of Pinellas County's annual fundraising dinner Friday by addressing the “big news of the week that's impossible to ignore.” What the Ryan Fitzpatrick signing says about the Bucs' expectations 5/19/17 BucsBy Rick Stroud, Times Staff Writer TAMPA — It's a bad idea. What are the Bucs thinking? This is simply not the right guy to be the No. 2 quarterback to sit behind franchise savior Jameis Winston. Not with that beard. Not in this heat. Male victim hospitalized after shooting in west-central Tampa 5/19/17 CrimeTimes staff TAMPA — A male victim was taken to a local hospital with gunshot wounds after a shooting in west-central Tampa on Friday night. More Click here to sign up for our 'Day Starter' newsletter Get the top headlines from the Tampa Bay Times' and what you need to know to start your day in your inbox every morning.   MOST SHARED 5/18/17 Says Florida woman who hit 9-foot alligator on I-75, 'Are you kidding me?' 5/18/17 The Avon Park wildfire we could smell from Tampa Bay now 50 percent contained 5/19/17 Armwood football coach Sean Callahan resigns 5/18/17 Cridlin: With death of Soundgarden's Chris Cornell, a dynamic voice goes dark 5/16/17 David Brooks: When the world is led by a child Today's top stats Video Search Archives Search page Site map Index of site pages Subscribe Subscribe Renew Customer service E-Newspaper Subscribe Subscriber sign-in Contact us Directory Email Customer Service Call Customer Service: 1-800-888-7012 Email newsletters Sign up Text alerts Sign up Advertise with us Place an ad Market info Media kit Find Cars on AutoTrader.com Join us About us Times jobs | Internships Deliver the paper Times-sponsored events Click here for a directory of all Times consumer shows Tampa Bay Times Fund Inc. Grants Scholarships Times brand merchandise Photo reprints and licensing Article reprints and licensing Home News Politics Sports Things To Do Video Opinion Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Legal Ads Shop © 2017 All Rights Reserved Tampa Bay Times 490 First Avenue South St. Petersburg, FL 33701 727-893-8111 Contact Us RSS Privacy Policy Standard of Accuracy Terms, Conditions & Copyright
Search Saturday, May 20, 2017 Politics White House Congress Campaigns All Politics Policy Defense / National Security Energy Healthcare Finance / Economy Tech / Cyber Budgets / Spending Courts Foreign All Policy News Opinion Editorials Columnists Contributors Op-Eds Editorial Cartoons All Opinion Magazine Beltway Confidential Washington Secrets Appeals court says FAA cannot force drone owners to register with government by Sean Higgins | May 19, 2017, 5:36 PM Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Email this article Share on LinkedIn The D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the Federal Aviation Administration rule violated a provision of the The FAA Modernization and Reform Act, in which Congress prohibited any rulemaking regarding model aircraft. (Paul Rodriguez/The Orange County Register via AP) The D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals slapped down part of a Federal Aviation Administration rule that required operators of drones and model planes to register with the agency. The federal appeals court said the agency exceeded its authority when it said the rule extended to recreational drone operators. "The FAA's 2015 Registration Rule, which applies to model aircraft, directly violates [a] clear statutory prohibition. We therefore grant [the] petition and vacate the Registration Rule to the extent it applies to model aircraft," a three-judge panel ruled Friday. The rule was part of a broader effort by the government to establish laws and regulations governing the use of unmanned aerial systems, which are more commonly called drones. The 2015 rulemaking was done in response to the FAA Modernization and Reform Act, which Congress passed in 2012. The agency indicated that it might appeal the order. "We are carefully reviewing the U.S. Court of Appeals decision as it relates to drone registrations. The FAA put registration and operational regulations in place to ensure that drones are operated in a way that is safe and does not pose security and privacy threats. We are in the process of considering our options and response to the decision," the FAA said in a statement to the Washington Examiner. Business groups involved in the commercial use of drones had supported the FAA's rulemaking. They argued that the agency needed to have broad regulatory authority. "The viability and growth of the UAS industry is contingent on the safe and responsible integration of UAS technology. This is only possible if all operators – commercial and recreational alike – understand their responsibilities and remain informed of the evolving standards around UAS technology. Today's ruling generates uncertainty by eliminating a tool developed to maintain accountability and enable streamlined communication between the FAA and recreational UAS operators," said the Small UAV Coalition, a group whose members include Amazon, Google, Intel and Walmart. The FAA's rule said, among other things, that model aircraft owners who do not register face civil or criminal monetary penalties and up to three years' imprisonment. John Taylor, a Washington-area drone enthusiast, filed suit against the government. The court noted that Congress had explicitly prohibited the FAA from creating regulations for model aircrafts. The agency nevertheless argued that "pre-existing statutory provisions" overrode that part of the 2012 law. The judges rejected that argument Friday. "The FAA Modernization and Reform Act prohibits the FAA from promulgating 'any rule or regulation regarding a model aircraft.' The Registration Rule is a rule regarding model aircraft. Therefore, the Registration Rule is unlawful to the extent that it applies to model aircraft," the judges wrote. Technology Law FAA Drones Appeals Courts Sean Higgins News Politics Share your thoughts with friends. Share with friends. More Washington Examiner 2 hours ago Robert Mueller's first steps in the Russia investigation 6 hours ago Senate Judiciary Committee disappointed it's missing out on Comey testimony 9 hours ago The Trump news is nuts. Literally. 10 hours ago Roger Stone: Trump will be 'signing his own death warrant' if he picks Lieberman 10 hours ago Iran election: Incumbent President Hassan Rouhani is no moderate 11 hours ago Freedom Caucus member Andy Biggs: False claims against Trump are reaching the height of absurdity 11 hours ago Trump nominee for No. 2 Treasury spot withdraws 12 hours ago Trump delays picking an FBI director — good 13 hours ago US, Saudi Arabia issue joint terrorist designation 13 hours ago Camille Paglia: Hillary Clinton 'is a completely hollow woman' 15 hours ago CBO healthcare score expected Wednesday 15 hours ago Former Clinton adviser shares video of Clinton practicing how to dodge Trump hugs 15 hours ago Is a bunker mentality getting in the way of Trump making America great again? 16 hours ago Trump says he'll be 'strongly protecting American interests' on first international trip 17 hours ago Chinese fighter jets buzz US 'nuclear sniffer' plane over East China Sea 17 hours ago Paul Ryan: Trump had a 'bad two weeks' after Comey firing About Examiner Magazine Archives Staff Advertise Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Facebook Twitter Copyright 2017. Washington Examiner. All Rights Reserved. ×   Close POLITICS POLITICS HOME WHITE HOUSE CONGRESS CAMPAIGNS POLICY POLICY HOME DEFENSE/NATIONAL SECURITY ENERGY HEALTHCARE FINANCE/ECONOMY TECH/CYBER BUDGETS/SPENDING COURTS FOREIGN NEWS OPINION OPINION HOME EDITORIALS COLUMNISTS BYRON YORK SALENA ZITO MICHAEL BARONE PAUL BEDARD PHILIP KLEIN KRISTEN SOLTIS ANDERSON TIMOTHY P. CARNEY LISA BOOTHE DANIEL HANNAN W. JAMES ANTLE III DAVID FREDDOSO NOEMIE EMERY CONTRIBUTORS OP-EDS EDITORIAL CARTOONS MAGAZINE MAGAZINE HOME DIGITAL EDITION WASHINGTON SECRETS BELTWAY CONFIDENTIAL ABOUT US NEWSLETTERS
        AutoGuide.com RVguide.com Motorcycle ATV.com Snowmobile.com PersonalWatercraft.com Login Register Home News Car Reviews Editorials Video Product Reviews Tips and Advice Contact FAQ Forum Android Auto Is About to Get a New Look – Many of Them, Actually QOTD: Do You Want a Ford Mustang or a Chevrolet Camaro? No Fixed Abode: Quo Vadis, STi? 2018 Acura TLX First Drive Review – Accord Brougham QOTD: What to Do With Mazda? 2018 Honda Odyssey Elite First Drive – A Van For Drivers Mazda Wants 2 Percent U.S. Market Share, But Not Just Any Ol’ 2 Percent Market Share Choose category AcuraAlfa RomeoAston MartinAudiBentleyBMWBuickCadillacChevroletChryslerCitroenDaciaDaihatsuDatsunDodgeFerrariFiatFordGenesisGMCHoldenHondaHyundaiInfinitiInternational HarvesterIran KhodroIsuzuJaguarJeepKiaLamborghiniLand RoverLexusLincolnLotusLynk & CoMaseratiMazdaMcLarenMercedes-BenzMercuryMGMINIMitsubishiNissanOldsmobileOpelOtherPeugeotPlymouthPontiacPorscheRamRemix ReviewRenaultRolls-RoyceSaabSaturnScionsmartSubaruSuzukiTataTeslaToyotaVauxhallVolkswagenVolvoŠkoda Find Reviews by Make: The Truth About Cars | Advertising | Aston Martin | News Blog Aston Martin Mistakenly Casts Tom Brady as a Brand Ambassador By Matt Posky on May 19, 2017 Tweet The notion of American football being included in a non-pickup automotive advertisement is already ridiculous. I have nothing against the NFL personally. It has an exceptionally broad appeal, but it evokes a sort of blue-collar stars and stripes forever type of pride that makes it a superb platform to promote army recruitment and Ford’s F-150. So, when I found out that Aston Martin — one of the most sophisticated brands in history — was making Tom Brady the face of its next advertising campaign, I was understandably upset. Not quite catching your girlfriend in the backseat of a Kia with your best friend upset, more like your dad telling you he’s starting an emo band upset. There’s an overwhelming sense of confusion and a pressing urge to do everything in your power to stop it from happening, because you know it’s all an egregious mistake and feel that — deep down — they must realize it, too.  I also don’t particularly care for Tom Brady. He’s that perfect blend of goofy and handsome that makes you feel simultaneously inadequate and superior. He might be good enough for GQ and supermodel Gisele Bündchen, but Aston Martin? Not on your life. Brady is a Cadillac CTS at best — yet Aston saw fit to place him right next to a $215,000 DB11 as part of its new “Category of One: Why Beautiful Matters” campaign like he fucking belongs there. Even after shelving my irrational hated for the man, which was exceptionally difficult, I cannot piece this mess together. Firstly, Aston Martin needs a “face” about as much as Ferrari does. The brand should speak for itself as often as possible. I get that Aston is building a crossover and wants to grab more of the market but so does Lamborghini — and it’s approaching the matter without tapping celebrities with a gee-shucks persona. Besides, Aston Martin already has the coolest celebrity endorsement in the business with its James Bond connection. Granted, Bond is entirely fictional, but take a moment to compare the two anyway. In one corner, we have a mysterious, impeccably dressed killing machine that spends every second playing by his own rules. In the other, we have Tom Brady — an extremely talented athlete whose biggest claim to fame is that he’s one of the few high-profile NFL players that hasn’t committed a violent crime. While that’s admirable, I have a suspicion it has more to do with his not being burdened with human emotions than being a moral person. Brady is also willing to endorse anything with a paycheck attached to it, including UGG brand shoes and specialty biometric pajamas that are supposed to somehow energize you. While this probably makes him an easy get for Aston, why would want the same man who ate food off the floor in an Intel commercial? Alright, I’m going to come clean. I never really put aside my personal bias against Tom. There was a point where I thought I had pulled it off but now I’m just angrily looking through photos of him smiling with that toddler-sized mouth he dares show in public. It must take that guy a week to eat a single ear of corn. Getting back on topic, Aston Martin is claiming the partnership will be long term and will center around Brady’s “affinity for the love of beautiful.” “Brady will seek to share visualizations of where he sees beauty in his sporting moments, what he sees as beautiful in life, and what continues to compel him to pursue greatness after five Super Bowl wins and four MVP Awards,” reads the official announcement. In addition to receiving his own DB11 to tool around in, Brady will also design very his own Vanquish S — of which the company is rumored to build as a limited edition model. “Aston Martin exemplifies dedication to the craft of car making through a meticulous attention to detail,” Brady said. “While 104 years of heritage are reflected in each hand-built car, with product from the DB11 to the Aston Martin Valkyrie, this brand is primed to excel for the next 100 years as well. As a long-time fan and driver I am honored to join the Aston Martin team at this special moment in the company’s history.” That sounds like a totally organic, unprompted, natural response. I’m livid.   [Image: Aston Martin] Posted in Advertising, Aston Martin, News Blog Tagged as Ad Campaign, advertising, Aston Martin, Celebrity Endorsement, commercials, DB11, Huge Mistakes, Tom Brady Tweet Print More Reviews < Previous Post"EPA to Approve Diesel Repair for an Additional 84,000 Volkswagens: Report" Get the latest TTAC e-Newsletter! Recommended Back to Top End of Comments 40 Comments on “Aston Martin Mistakenly Casts Tom Brady as a Brand Ambassador...” Felix Hoenikker May 19th, 2017 at 5:51 pm Pickup trucks can be insanely expensive. It’s not a big step financially to substitute a leased Aston Marin for a tarted up F150. Once the pickup love subsides, this may be a brilliant campaign. Login to reply Whatnext May 19th, 2017 at 6:07 pm I’d say Aston Martin needs to move their head office to Manhattan to get more in touch with the American psyche. Login to reply JimC2 May 19th, 2017 at 6:11 pm I just want to subscribe to this article so I can read the puns about the tires. Login to reply akear May 19th, 2017 at 6:19 pm This is a strange choice since American Football is completely unknown to the rest of the world. A much better choice would be Lionel Messi, who not only plays an proper international sport, but is also the world’s most popular athlete. Brady is small time compared to the great Messi. The truth is American football just does not represent the sophistication of the Aston Martin brand. Login to reply JimZ May 19th, 2017 at 6:30 pm you mean the “sophisticated” association football players who flop around as though they’ve been shot yet they weren’t even touched? and stuff it with your “proper international sport” garbage. the only reasons soccer is so widespread is because of imperialism and that it’s cheap. all you need is a ball. Login to reply Dave M. May 19th, 2017 at 7:07 pm Agree! And Tom Brady transcends football, although I put him more in a G-Wagen than AM. Writers gonna hate….. Login to reply akear May 19th, 2017 at 9:57 pm Football is a failed international game, just like GM/Opel is a failed former producer of European cars. The world dislikes American football. Login to reply akear May 19th, 2017 at 9:59 pm Soccer is popular because it takes real athletic ability. You don’t have to be a large freak to play soccer. Login to reply AoLetsGo May 19th, 2017 at 6:58 pm Who?? Oh yea that guy that played for the Oilers and Rangers. Login to reply S2k Chris May 19th, 2017 at 7:11 pm Football might be the sport of rednecks, but soccer is the sport of chavs. There’s no sophistication there. Login to reply Lou_BC May 19th, 2017 at 9:37 pm Aston Martin wants to sell more cars in the USA. Brady is handsome, successful and married to a supermodel. You might not be able to match him on those three counts but you can buy an Aston. That is the campaign in a nutshell! Login to reply runs_on_h8raide May 20th, 2017 at 12:54 am akear, the Super Bowl is watched by over a BILLION people. Let me repeat…a BILLION people. “This is a strange choice since American Football is completely unknown to the rest of the world.” Your argument is invalid. By the way, who is Messi? Never heard of her. Login to reply akear May 20th, 2017 at 1:20 am The World Cup has ten times the ratings of the Superbowl. The worlds stops for the World Cup, while only America really gets excited about the Superbowl. Why would the rest of the world get interested in a sport that they do not play? Login to reply Arthur Dailey May 20th, 2017 at 1:32 am From a purely objective perspective ‘Akear’ is correct. Far more people play and watch and support what we call ‘soccer’ than American football. Messi is known worldwide, Brady is not. However in order to denigrate an auto, Jeremy Clarkson would identify it with a soccer player. Aston Martin should as Matt wrote, transcend sports. Images of past Bonds, from Connery to Lazenby to Moore, to Dalton and Brosnan should be used. Either Dalton or Brosnan could be the spokesperson. Login to reply runs_on_h8raide May 20th, 2017 at 1:39 am http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-34478784 Lionel Messi tax fraud. Yea…totally a good ambassador for Aston Martin. I’d say he’d be perfect for advertising VW diesels. runs_on_h8raide May 20th, 2017 at 1:32 am akear, your argument is still invalid. “This is a strange choice since American Football is completely unknown to the rest of the world.” vs. Super Bowl watched by over a billion people. 1.1b to be exact for the past one. World Cup is once every 4 years. It should get ratings…durrrrr. Oh, and by the way. Soccer is not a highly skilled sport. Ice Hockey is. Soccer is so easy…just ask NFL superstar how easy it is, Odell Beckham Jr star Wide Receiver easily displaying such ‘high skill’ with no training whatsoever. https://youtu.be/fUjwlteLuAI Login to reply Adam Tonge May 19th, 2017 at 6:20 pm Matt Stafford does commercials for Ford and daily drives an F150. I doubt his employer would like him driving a Sierra. Login to reply Motorhead Mama May 19th, 2017 at 6:25 pm I heard that Aston Martin is trying to attract female buyers. If that’s the case, this is a slam dunk– Brady could get me to buy a Dodge Neon, with deflated tires..get it? Login to reply mcs May 19th, 2017 at 6:42 pm I can’t believe everyone has so far missed the real story here: http://www.cbsnews.com/news/gisele-bundchen-evironmentalist-paul-hawken-climate-change/ Login to reply Chocolatedeath May 19th, 2017 at 7:17 pm That has nothing to do with this and nobody cares about either. Login to reply mcs May 19th, 2017 at 7:23 pm @Choco Yes it does. The husband is promoting a 12 cylinder car while the wife is trying to bring attention to climate change. Login to reply Mandalorian May 19th, 2017 at 9:32 pm Right because married couples never have different opinions or argue. Login to reply mcs May 19th, 2017 at 10:17 pm True. But this is a couple that promotes causes in the media. It’s different when one spouse is promoting a cause on Charlie Rose one night, and the other seemingly contradicts the other with a product endorsement. Aston does have EVs on the way, so that may have figured into the endorsement. Promote the DB11 now, then the Electric Rapide when it comes out. redapple May 19th, 2017 at 7:16 pm cant stand brady really Login to reply Ronnie Schreiber May 19th, 2017 at 7:29 pm Hail to the victors, valiant! There are more than half a million living University of Michigan graduates. Many of them a successful professionals who can afford an Aston Martin. I’m sure this move won’t hurt Aston Martin in their eyes. I never quite got the Brady-hate. It’s not like he’s a Yankee. Login to reply runs_on_h8raide May 20th, 2017 at 1:00 am They hate him because they ain’t him. Go Blue!!! Login to reply dwford May 19th, 2017 at 7:39 pm Hey. His work shilling for the Dodge Dart was a huge success. Why wouldn’t Aston want him?! Login to reply kars May 19th, 2017 at 7:46 pm tiger woods did buick, so what’s the problem? I can see Brady driving an AM, but tiger driving a buick? Login to reply JimC2 May 19th, 2017 at 7:58 pm I dunno… a lot of golfers are middle class people with upwardly mobile aspirations. Buick has a semi-luxury brand image, it seems they’d like to appeal to those customers. Login to reply Mandalorian May 19th, 2017 at 9:33 pm Old people play golf. Old people like Buicks. Login to reply SnarkyRichard May 19th, 2017 at 7:55 pm Maybe Brady did that commercial when he had one of his unreported concussions ? Login to reply Kendahl May 19th, 2017 at 8:13 pm Virtually all automobile advertising is the far side of stupid. I’m aware of only four exceptions. Decades ago, one of the high end British manufacturers (It might have been Jaguar.) had a print ad which showed a little boy with his nose pressed against the window of a dealership as he gazed at one of their cars. Caption was something like, “Some day, he’ll have one of his own.” Circa 1970, in Los Angeles, I watched a television commercial which showed a TransAm Camaro on a road course. You could tell the driver was trying hard because, in some corners, the tail came out a bit until he caught it. When the Boxster was new, Porsche had a commercial that featured an encounter between a young guy in a Boxster and an old guy, who had just awakened from a Rip Van Winkle type nap, in a what I think was a 550. At the end, the young guy exclaims, “Holy…” and the focus shifts to the old guy who finishes with, “…moley!” The last well done commercial had several clips of a Porsche Carrera 4 safely hustling down a winding road in a heavy rain storm. (I’ve always thought a Carrera 4 was the ideal automobile for covering long distances in a hurry without spending Ferrari money.) Login to reply MLS May 19th, 2017 at 10:23 pm That’s a fine idea for QOTD: what’s your favorite car commercial? (With YouTube links, of course.) Login to reply manu06 May 19th, 2017 at 11:59 pm These are interesting. Think they were linked here before. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=zLPp-NFInXw Login to reply ajla May 19th, 2017 at 10:08 pm Aston still has DeMuro stink on it. I’d rather have a Maserati. Login to reply chuckrs May 19th, 2017 at 10:54 pm How much did you Brady-haters lose betting on Atlanta? Login to reply Jeff Weimer May 19th, 2017 at 11:02 pm If you’re this upset about Brady, thank God Aston Martin didn’t pick Gronkowski! Login to reply runs_on_h8raide May 20th, 2017 at 12:59 am I could see Gronk doing Hellcat/Demon commercials. Login to reply SuperCarEnthusiast May 20th, 2017 at 1:03 am Hey, my comment got deleted! It was about having Giselle instead of Tom for the endorsement and it would probably sell more Aston Martins! And that Giselle makes more then Tom. LOL! Login to reply 28-Cars-Later May 20th, 2017 at 1:10 am I still basically hate him, although it is less militant that it used to be. Laces out, Tom. Login to reply Back to TopLeave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. Find Car Reviews By Make Acura Ford Lotus Saturn Aston Martin GMC Maserati Scion Audi Honda Mazda smart Bentley Hyundai Mercedes-Benz Subaru BMW Infiniti Mercury Suzuki Buick Jaguar MG Toyota Cadillac Jeep MINI Volkswagen Chevrolet Kia Mitsubishi Volvo Chrysler Lamborghini Nissan Others Citroen Land Rover Porsche Dodge Lexus Pontiac Ferrari Lincoln Saab Receive updates on the best of TheTruthAboutCars.com Latest Car Reviews view all Introducing Tim’s Early-Life Crisis: 2004 Mazda MX-5 Miata Long-Term Test 2017 Volkswagen Jetta GLI Review – Potent, Painted, Pricey 2018 Acura TLX First Drive Review – Accord Brougham 2018 Honda Odyssey Elite First Drive – A Van For Drivers 2017 Chevrolet Colorado ZR2 First Drive Review – Cleverer Girl 2017 Ford Fusion Sport – Embrace Your Pragmatic Inner Child 2017 GMC Canyon SLE Diesel Review – Is Duramax The Answer To The Midsize Truck Conundrum? Follow @TTAC Recent Comments Re: Aston Martin Mistakenly Casts Tom Brady as a Brand Ambassador runs_on_h8raide - http://www.bbc.com/news/world- europe-34478784 Lionel Messi tax fraud. Yea…totally a good ambassador for Aston Martin.... Re: Aston Martin Mistakenly Casts Tom Brady as a Brand Ambassador runs_on_h8raide - akear, your argument is still invalid. “This is a strange choice since American Football is completely unknown to the rest... Re: Aston Martin Mistakenly Casts Tom Brady as a Brand Ambassador Arthur Dailey - From a purely objective perspective ‘Akear’ is correct. Far more people play and watch and support what we call... Re: 2018 Acura TLX First Drive Review – Accord Brougham runs_on_h8raide - For awesome American made shirts and sweats…American-Giant. Got a few hoodies and a plethora of t-shirts and sweats. Amazing... Re: 2018 Acura TLX First Drive Review – Accord Brougham runs_on_h8raide - I would skip the A4 and go for an RS3. You know you want to. Re: Aston Martin Mistakenly Casts Tom Brady as a Brand Ambassador akear - The World Cup has ten times the ratings of the Superbowl. The worlds stops for the World Cup, while only America really gets excited... Re: 2018 Acura TLX First Drive Review – Accord Brougham runs_on_h8raide - It would be a good purchase, imo, PD, particularly one with low miles, and all service done. Re: Waymo Partners with Lyft to Give Uber the Middle Finger Steve65 - Uber and Lyft are fundamentally identical. They are cab companies, offering cab services. Whether they offer better cab service is... Re: 2018 Acura TLX First Drive Review – Accord Brougham runs_on_h8raide - My dad was an Acura lifer until he drove the Acura V6 coupe. Now he’s got that. Lease is up in December, hopefully Honda still... Re: Domestics Abroad: The Internationals From Ford RobertRyan - @Ermel We get European, US, Australian and Japanese Trucks. Bulk of those are Cabovers. US/ Australian are split 50/50 Con/ Cabovers. Europeans... Latest Junkyard Finds view all 1993 Plymouth Voyager with Five-Speed Manual 1980 Buick Skylark Limited 1974 Cadillac Fleetwood Sixty Special Brougham 2000 Oldsmobile Intrigue GLS, Phoenix Open Edition 1985 Mitsubishi Galant 1975 Mercedes-Benz 240D 1976 MG MGB Latest Editorials view all Domestics Abroad: The Internationals From Ford Piston Slap: The Underutilized Headlight Phenomenon Android Auto Is About to Get a New Look – Many of Them, Actually QOTD: Do You Want a Ford Mustang or a Chevrolet Camaro? No Fixed Abode: Quo Vadis, STi? 2018 Acura TLX First Drive Review – Accord Brougham Rare Rides: This 2008 Ford Expedition Answers the Question Nobody Asked, ‘What Would Funkmaster Flex Do?’ New Car Research Select a Make Select Make First Get a Free Dealer Quote <a href="http://finance.yahoo.com">Yahoo! Finance</a><br/><a href="http://finance.yahoo.com/q?s=F">Quote for F</a> Piston Slap Articles The Underutilized Headlight Phenomenon Car Design Grab Bag! Upgrading The Fleet? Time to Retire Those Tires? Zoom, Zoom … Wander? A Stern Talkin’ To About OEM Headlamps? The Case for the Front-Mounted Transaxle? Hammer Time Articles The Real Cost of Being a Car Guy From Old Caddys to VW Crusher Fodder, Steve Lang’s Best of 2015 Why Would Anyone Ever Recommend The Dodge Journey? Why Cheap Cars Don’t Sell Is America’s Last $15,000 Midsize Sedan Worth It? Whatever Happened To Black Friday? How a Smelly Dog Helped Me Buy a Volkswagen Vellum Venom Articles 2017 North American International Auto Show (Part II) 2017 North American International Auto Show (Part I) 1985 Lamborghini Countach LP5000 QV 2016 Mazda MX-5 Miata (ND) Innovation, Planned Obsolescence and Fisher Body Pantone 448 C The Proliferation of Plastic Cladding Generation Why Articles Younger Generation at Risk of Being Poorer Than Parents Shifting With The Future At The Hagerty Driving Experience What’s Wrong with Buick, from a Former Buick Owner It’s Time To End The Non-Sporty Coupe I Want My S16 Social Media Is For Social Networking, Not Car Shopping JD Power Says Gen Y Now Buying More Cars Than Gen X Avoidable Contact Articles Thank You And Goodbye (Sort Of) Cayenne won’t help ya, Cayenne won’t do you no good. Who’s afraid of a little integration? Return Of The Mack. An immodest proposal to solve the German nomenclatural nincompoopery. Torture, forgiveness, meaning. This Geneva Convention Was Torture For Enthusiasts Staff Editors Mark Stevenson Managing Editor Steph Willems Associate Editor Timothy Cain Sales Analysis Jack Baruth Editor-at-Large Murilee Martin Junkyard Find Editor Sajeev Mehta Piston Slap Editor Contributors Matthew Guy, Canada Seth Parks, United States Ronnie Schreiber, United States Bozi Tatarevic, United States Chris Tonn, United States Corey Lewis, United States Moderators Adam Tonge, United States Kyree Williams, United States New Cars Used Cars Video Auto Insurance Future Cars Spy Photos Top 10 Compare Cars About Us Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions © 2004 - 2017 The Truth About Cars
Technology content trusted in North America and globally since 1999 7,515 Reviews & Articles | 55,326 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket AM4 Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU Home News Gaming Destiny 2 on PC isn't a port, says Bungie Bungie is putting great care to make Destiny 2 feel like an authentic PC game, and says we shouldn't call it a 'console port' By: Derek Strickland | Gaming News | Posted: 9 hours, 41 mins ago Comment () | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA Bungie is taking Destiny 2's PC version seriously and is keen on harnessing the platform's raw power potential by optimizing the shared worlds shooter for high-end video cards and desktops.     It's been a long time since Bungie has made a PC game, and Destiny 2's launch on PC represents a big risk for the studio. The devs know that Destiny 2 has to perform just right on PC, and hit all the right tickboxes while providing authentic features and options to make it look and feel like an authentic PC shooter.   We've already reported that Bungie has enabled key performance optimizations for Destiny 2's PC version including uncapped frame rates, 4K resolution, native 21:9 support, FOV sliders, fully remappable mouse and keyboard controls, and much more. In fact, Destiny 2 was running on desktops outfitted with NVIDIA's mighty GeForce GTX 1080 Ti video cards at the gameplay reveal, complimented with buttery-smooth visuals on a 4K G-Sync monitor.   With all the work Bungie is putting into Destiny 2's PC launch, the devs really don't want you to call it a simple port of the console game.   "We have done a ton of work. One of the key factors we looked at when coming to PC is that we don't want anybody looking at the game as a console port," Bungie's Luke Smith said in a recent interview with PC Gamer.   "Yeah, Bungie has a long history in console. People seem to love the console games. We wanted to make sure that it feels like a PC game, it plays like a PC game. We've gone and changed things, like if you were to compare side-by-side screenshots, you'll find that the reticle is slightly below center on consoles. It's dead center on the PC. One of the things we found in development is that we were kind of chasing the mouse because of the way our recoil model works, so we've adjusted that.   "We've done a ton of work to try and make [the PC version] feel and play like a great PC shooter. Hopefully you guys will come back later today, see me outside and be like, 'you nailed it.' That's what we're hoping."     Destiny 2 on PC will feature:   ⦁ 4K Resolution Support (3820x2160) ⦁ Uncapped framerate ⦁ Full mouse and keyboard support with custom key mapping ⦁ Text chat ⦁ Adjustable Field of View ⦁ Detailed PC settings screen ⦁ 21:9 monitor support   As the old saying goes, the proof is in the pudding, and Bungie brought the proof to Destiny 2's gameplay reveal.   Event attendees were able to play Destiny 2 in 4K on desktops outfitted with some serious high-end hardware, including NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti video cards, Intel Core i7-7700K CPUs, and Acer's Predator 27-inch XB1 G-Sync monitors for beyond-smooth performance.   The PC version of Destiny 2 was running on:   ⦁ GPU: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti (Courtesy of NVIDIA) ⦁ CPU: Intel Core i7-7700K 4.2Ghz  (Courtesy of Intel) ⦁ Monitor: Predator XB1 27" 4K IPS with NVIDIA G-Sync [XB271HK] (Courtesy of Acer)     Bungie's Luke Smith goes on to iterate that the devs are absolutely tailoring Destiny 2 to PC gamers' tastes, and will make strong efforts to ensure the game appeases the entire spectrum of PC gaming: from enthusiasts to regular joes.   With Destiny 2 on PC, Bungie has to prove themselves to the gaming world's most scrupulous playerbase, and they know they can't mess this up.   "We know we have to come out of the gate and be legit on day one. So we tried to focus on the things that we think will most say, to the PC gamer, 'we hear you, we love you and we want to support you,'" Smith said.   "Focusing on things like up to 4K resolution, uncapped framerate, mouse and keyboard support with full key remapping, adjustable FOV, tons of graphical options, support for different aspect rations-21:9-and text chat. You know, a ton of different things that are those feature sets that, when people bitch about a game just being a console port, those things are missing.   "We tried to find the things that are really gonna say to the gamer, 'we get it, we're trying to be a game that you're gonna love.' And we'll continue to evolve, you know. I have no doubt that from today forward we will continue to get PC-specific feedback, and we'll look at that as a good way to prioritize."     These efforts come with a caveat, however: Destiny 2 on PC has been delayed and won't launch on September 8, 2017 alongside the PS4 and Xbox One flavors. Bungie says it needs all the time it can get to properly optimize the game, so the delay may be weeks or even months--but the game should release by March 31, 2018, which marks the end of Activision's fiscal year.   Destiny 2 also won't have dedicated services on PC or consoles, and the PC flavor won't be available on Steam. Rather than make its own new online PC client network, Bungie has teamed up with Blizzard and will use the Battle.net servers and client framework to host Destiny 2.   So that means if you want to play Destiny 2 on PC, you'll have to link your Destiny account to your Battle.net account.   "Being on Battle.net will allow Destiny 2 to plug in to our existing global network, freeing up the developers at Bungie to focus their energy and resources on making the best and most fun game they possibly can," Blizzard said in an official statement.   "This also means Destiny 2 players will have access to our online social functionality, including chat with friends, the ability to see which of their friends are online in Destiny 2 or in Blizzard games, and the ability to stream gameplay directly to Facebook."     Despite the delays, the lack of dedicated servers, and the lack of a Steam release, Destiny 2 sounds like the real deal. We'll be sure to keep you updated with more info as it's released.   Destiny 2 releases on September 8, 2017 on PS4 and Xbox One, but is delayed on PC. Check below for more info on the game:     Destiny 2 on PC runs at uncapped FPS, has 4K resolution and 21:9 support, rocks FOV slider   Destiny 2 on PC delayed, no launch date confirmed   Destiny 2 on PC won't come to Steam, is exclusive to Blizzard's Battle.net   Destiny 2 trailer shows Cabal invading Last City   Destiny 2 will have proper PC port, Activision says   Destiny 2's 'dramatic and compelling' storyline revealed   Destiny 2 confirmed for PC release   Destiny 2 to feature 'great story and characters'   Destiny 2 post-release content made by Vicarious Visions NEWS SOURCES:Pcgamer.com >> NEXT STORY: Destiny 2 screenshot blowout << PREVIOUS STORY: Uber Freight: Uber for long-haul truckers Related Tags Destiny 2 Destiny Bungie Activision Blizzard Battle.net PC PC Gaming Acer Intel NVIDIA Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts Uber Freight: Uber for long-haul truckers Morrowind upgrade pre-load live, early access Monday Destiny 2 screenshot blowout Destiny 2 on PC isn't a port, says Bungie Destiny 2 on PC delayed, no launch date confirmedView More News Posts Forum Activity Samsung EVO Plus 128GB microSDXC Memory Card Review Riotoro CR480 Mid-Tower Chassis Review Riotoro CR480 Mid-Tower Chassis Review F21 BIOS BUG (NO VIDEO) on Gigabyte Z170X-Gaming 7 (rev 1.0) GA-Z77X-UP5 TH corrupt bios or other issues ?View More Forum Posts Press Releases Western Digital sets new standard with latest generation in popular HGST-brand Ultrastar SAS SSD family AMD raises expectations for server performance, unveils EPYC processor brand for the datacenter HighPoint's SSD7101 PCIe board-sized drive series integrate Samsung 960 NVMe SSDs to deliver groundbreaking performance over 12GB/s Micron accelerates all-flash storage speed, performance and value with new flexible petabyte-scale enterprise data center solution Qualcomm Snapdragon 660 and 630 mobile platforms drive advanced photography, enhanced gaming, integrated connectivity and machine learningView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2017 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to sidebar News World More Investigation into ties between Russia and Trump campaign reaches current White House official: sources Devlin Barrett and Matt Zapotosky, Washington Post  05.19.2017 The White House on May 9, 2017. President Donald Trump and first lady Melania Trump walk across the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, Friday, May 19, 2017, before boarding Marine One for a short trip to Andrews Air Force Base, Md. ShareAdjustCommentPrint The law enforcement investigation into possible coordination between Russia and the Trump campaign has identified a current White House official as a significant person of interest, showing that the probe is reaching into the highest levels of government, according to people familiar with the matter. The senior White House adviser under scrutiny by investigators is someone close to the president, according to these people, who would not further identify the official. The revelation comes as the investigation also appears to be entering a more overtly active phase, with investigators shifting from work that has remained largely hidden from the public to conducting interviews and using a grand jury to issue subpoenas. The intensity of the probe is expected to accelerate in the coming weeks, the people said. The sources emphasized that investigators remain keenly interested in people who previously wielded influence in the Trump campaign and administration but are no longer part of it, including former national security adviser Michael Flynn and former campaign chairman Paul Manafort. Flynn resigned in February after disclosures that he had lied to administration officials about his contacts with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak. Current administration officials who have acknowledged contacts with Russian officials include Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner, as well as Cabinet members Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. People familiar with the investigation said the intensifying effort does not mean criminal charges are near, or that any such charges will result. Earlier this week, Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein appointed former FBI Director Robert Mueller to serve as special counsel and lead the investigation into Russian meddling. It is unclear exactly how Mueller’s leadership will affect the direction of the probe, and he is already bringing in new people to work on the team. Those familiar with the case said its significance had increased before Mueller’s appointment. While the case began quietly last July as an effort to determine whether any Trump associates coordinated with Russian operatives to meddle in the presidential election campaign, the investigative work now being done by the FBI also includes determining whether any financial crimes were committed by people close to the president. The people familiar with the matter said the probe has sharpened into something more fraught for the White House, the FBI and the Justice Department – particularly because of the public steps investigators know they now need to take, the people said. When subpoenas are issued or interviews are requested, it is possible the people being asked to talk or provide documents will reveal publicly what they were asked about. A small group of lawmakers known as the Gang of Eight were notified of the change in tempo and focus in the investigation at a classified briefing on Wednesday evening, the people familiar with the matter said. FBI Director James Comey had publicly confirmed the existence of the investigation in March. Justice Department spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores said, “I can’t confirm or deny the existence or non-existence of investigations or targets of investigations.” An FBI spokesman declined to comment. White House spokesman Sean Spicer said, “as the president has stated before, a thorough investigation will confirm that there was no collusion between the campaign and any foreign entity.” While there has been a loud public debate in recent days over the question of whether the president might have attempted to obstruct justice in his private dealings with FBI Director James Comey, who Trump fired last week, people familiar with the matter said investigators on the case are more focused on Russian influence operations and possible financial crimes. The FBI’s investigation seeks to determine whether and to what extent Trump associates were in contact with Kremlin operatives, what business dealings they might have had in Russia, and whether they in any way facilitated the hacking and publishing of Democratic National Committee and Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta’s emails during the presidential campaign. Several congressional committees are also investigating, though their probes could not produce criminal charges. A grand jury in Alexandria, Virginia, recently issued a subpoena for records related to Flynn’s business, The Flynn Intel Group, which had been paid more than $500,000 by a company owned by a Turkish American businessman close to top Turkish officials, according to people familiar with the matter. The Flynn Intel Group was paid for research on Fethullah Gulen, a cleric who Turkey’s current president believes was responsible for a coup attempt last summer. Flynn retroactively registered with the Justice Department in March as a paid foreign agent for Turkish interests. Separately from the probe now run by Mueller, Flynn is being investigated by the Pentagon’s top watchdog for his foreign payments. Flynn also received $45,000 to appear in 2015 with Russian President Vladimir Putin at a dinner for RT, a Kremlin-controlled media organization. Flynn discussed U.S. sanctions against Russia with Russia’s ambassador to the United States during the month before President Donald Trump took office, and he withheld that fact from even Vice President Mike Pence. That prompted then Acting Attorney General Sally Yates to warn the White House’s top lawyer he might be susceptible to blackmail. Flynn stepped down after The Washington Post reported on the contents of the call. The president has nonetheless seemed to defend his former adviser. A memo by fired FBI Director Comey alleged Trump even asked that the probe into Flynn be shut down. The White House also has acknowledged that Kushner met with Kislyak, the Russian ambassador to the U.S., in late November. Kushner also has acknowledged that he met with the head of a Russian development bank, Vnesheconombank, which has been under U.S. sanctions since July 2014. The president’s son in law initially omitted contacts with foreign leaders from a national security questionnaire, though his lawyer has said publicly he submitted the form prematurely and informed the FBI soon after he would provide an update. Vnesheconombank handles development for the state, and in early 2015, a man purporting to be one of its New York-based employees was arrested and accused of being an unregistered spy. That man – Evgeny Buryakov – ultimately pleaded guilty and was eventually deported. He had been in contact with former Trump adviser Carter Page, though Page has said he shared only “basic immaterial information and publicly available research documents” with the Russian. Page was the subject of a secret warrant last year issued by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, based on suspicions he might have been acting as an agent of the Russian government, according to people familiar with the matter. Page has denied any wrongdoing, and accused the government of violating his civil rights. Comments We encourage all readers to share their views on our articles and blog posts. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion, so we ask you to avoid personal attacks, and please keep your comments relevant and respectful. If you encounter a comment that is abusive, click the "X" in the upper right corner of the comment box to report spam or abuse. We are using Facebook commenting. Visit our FAQ page for more information. x Share Investigation into ties between Russia and Trump campaign reaches current White House official: sources Email Twitter Facebook Pinterest Google Linkedin Video Today's World News Best of Postmedia A family affair: St-Viateur Bagel celebrates 60 yearsBagels are the great equalizer. Everybody eats them, everybody loves them — and everybody is invited to the bagel factory's block party on Sunday. Police union leader slams lethal force review, accuses chief of bowing to 'political pressure'The inquiry into city police shooting incidents is ill-timed and shows a lack of confidence in the force, Calgary Police Association head Les Kaminski said Thursday. On Wednesday, Police Chief Roger Chaffin announced an independent inquiry headed by retired Court of Queen’s Bench Justice Neil Wittmann in the wake of 10 police-involved shootings in 2016, […] Beyond the YMCA, U.S. border refugees are on their ownAsylum seekers leave the YMCA with a welfare cheque that barely allows them to make ends meet. I have no furniture, one says, but I have a future. Columnists Rob Shaw: Narrow window exists for John Horgan to become premierVICTORIA — B.C.’s razor-thin election results could change dramatically next week, as officials start... Vaughn Palmer: B.C. Liberals odds of deal with Greens fading fastVICTORIA — While the B.C. Liberals hope for the best from next week’s final count of the ballots from... Douglas Todd: New tax approaches to the 'astronaut' phenomenonThe Province newspaper may have been the first Canadian media outlet to refer to “astronaut” families... Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password: 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Please enter your email below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy
Search the print archives This copy is for your personal non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies of Toronto Star content for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, or inquire about permissions/licensing, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com News World A current Trump adviser is a significant person of interest in Russia probe, people familiar with the case say The investigation into the Trump campaign’s Russia contacts has identified a current White House official as a significant person of interest, according to sources familiar with the case, the clearest-yet sign that the probe is reaching into the highest levels of the U.S. government. U.S. President Donald Trump speaks on the phone with Russian President Vladimir Putin in a Jan 28, 2017, file photo. Also pictured are, from left, White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus, Vice President Mike Pence, White House Chief Strategist Steve Bannon, Press Secretary Sean Spicer and former national security advisor Michael Flynn, who was fired over his contacts with Russian diplomats.  (Drew Angerer / Getty Images)   By Devlin Barrett Matt ZapotoskyThe Washington Post Fri., May 19, 2017 WASHINGTON—The law enforcement investigation into possible co-ordination between Russia and the Trump campaign has identified a current White House official as a significant person of interest, showing that the probe is reaching into the highest levels of government, according to people familiar with the matter. The senior White House adviser under scrutiny by investigators is someone close to the president, according to these people, who would not further identify the official. Read the latest news on U.S. President Donald Trump The revelation comes as the investigation also appears to be entering a more overtly active phase, with investigators shifting from work that has remained largely hidden from the public to conducting interviews and using a grand jury to issue subpoenas. The intensity of the probe is expected to accelerate in the coming weeks, the people said. The sources emphasized that investigators remain keenly interested in people who previously wielded influence in the Trump campaign and administration but are no longer part of it, including former national security adviser Michael Flynn and former campaign chairman Paul Manafort. Article Continued Below Flynn resigned in February after disclosures that he had lied to administration officials about his contacts with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak. Current administration officials who have acknowledged contacts with Russian officials include Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner, as well as cabinet members Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. People familiar with the investigation said the intensifying effort does not mean criminal charges are near, or that any such charges will result. This week, deputy attorney general Rod Rosenstein appointed former FBI director Robert Mueller to serve as special counsel and lead the investigation into Russian meddling. It is unclear exactly how Mueller’s leadership will affect the direction of the probe, and he is already bringing in new people to work on the team. Those familiar with the case said its significance had increased before Mueller’s appointment. Although the case began quietly last July as an effort to determine whether any Trump associates co-ordinated with Russian operatives to meddle in the presidential election campaign, the investigative work now being done by the FBI also includes determining whether any financial crimes were committed by people close to the president. The people familiar with the matter said the probe has sharpened into something more fraught for the White House, the FBI and the Justice Department — particularly because of the public steps investigators know they now need to take, the people said. When subpoenas are issued or interviews are requested, it is possible the people being asked to talk or provide documents will reveal publicly what they were asked about. Read more:Trump told Russians that firing ‘nut job’ Comey relieved ‘great pressure’ on him A small group of lawmakers known as the Gang of Eight were notified of the change in tempo and focus in the investigation at a classified briefing on Wednesday evening, the people familiar with the matter said. Former FBI director James Comey had publicly confirmed the existence of the investigation in March. A Justice Department spokeswoman, Sarah Isgur Flores, said, “I can’t confirm or deny the existence or non-existence of investigations or targets of investigations.” An FBI spokesman declined to comment. White House press secretary Sean Spicer said, “As the president has stated before, a thorough investigation will confirm that there was no collusion between the campaign and any foreign entity.” There has been a loud public debate in recent days over the question of whether the president might have attempted to obstruct justice in his private dealings with Comey, who Trump fired last week, but people familiar with the matter said investigators on the case are more focused on Russian influence operations and possible financial crimes. The FBI’s investigation seeks to determine whether and to what extent Trump associates were in contact with Kremlin operatives, what business dealings they might have had in Russia, and whether they in any way facilitated the hacking and publishing of Democratic National Committee and Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta’s emails during the presidential campaign. Several congressional committees are also investigating, though their probes could not produce criminal charges. A grand jury in Alexandria, Virginia, recently issued a subpoena for records related to Flynn’s business, the Flynn Intel Group, which had been paid more than $500,000 (U.S.) by a company owned by a Turkish-American businessman close to top Turkish officials, according to people familiar with the matter. The Flynn Intel Group was paid for research on Fethullah Gulen, a cleric who Turkey’s current president believes was responsible for a coup attempt last summer. Flynn retroactively registered with the Justice Department in March as a paid foreign agent for Turkish interests. Separately from the probe now run by Mueller, Flynn is being investigated by the Pentagon’s top watchdog for his foreign payments. Flynn also received $45,000 to appear in 2015 with Russian President Vladimir Putin at a dinner for RT, a Kremlin-controlled media organization. Flynn discussed U.S. sanctions against Russia with Russia’s ambassador to the United States during the month before President Donald Trump took office, and he withheld that fact from even Vice-President Mike Pence. That prompted then acting attorney general Sally Yates to warn the White House’s top lawyer he might be susceptible to blackmail. Flynn stepped down after the Washington Post reported on the contents of the call. The president has nonetheless seemed to defend his former adviser. A memo by Comey alleged that Trump even asked that the probe into Flynn be shut down. The White House also has acknowledged that Kushner met with Kislyak, the Russian ambassador to the U.S., in late November. Kushner also has acknowledged that he met with the head of a Russian development bank, Vnesheconombank, which has been under U.S. sanctions since July 2014. The president’s son-in-law initially omitted contacts with foreign leaders from a national security questionnaire, though his lawyer has said publicly he submitted the form prematurely and informed the FBI soon after he would provide an update. Vnesheconombank handles development for the state, and in early 2015, a man purporting to be one of its New York-based employees was arrested and accused of being an unregistered spy. That man — Evgeny Buryakov — ultimately pleaded guilty and was eventually deported. He had been in contact with former Trump adviser Carter Page, though Page has said he shared only “basic immaterial information and publicly available research documents” with the Russian. Page was the subject of a secret warrant last year issued by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, based on suspicions he might have been acting as an agent of the Russian government, according to people familiar with the matter. Page has denied any wrongdoing, and accused the government of violating his civil rights. Read more about: Donald Trump, Russia, United States Delivered dailyThe Morning Headlines Newsletter Subscribe The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, One Yonge Street, 4th Floor, Toronto, ON, M5E 1E6. You can unsubscribe at any time. Please contact us or see our privacy policy for more information. More from the Toronto Star & Partners LOADING                                                                                           LOADING                                         Copyright owned or licensed by Toronto Star Newspapers Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or distribution of this content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited and/or its licensors. To order copies of Toronto Star articles, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com 12°Close Home Latest News Video GTA Blogs Snowbirds safety incident a factor behind air show cancellations Air force officials confirmed to the Star Thursday that the famed aerobatic team had a problem during a May 6 performance in Fort Lauderdale, Fla., the first day of a two-day air show there. News GTA City Hall Queen’s Park Canada World Investigations Crime Business Economy Personal Finance Real Estate Your Toronto Schools The Fixer Life Fashion & Style Food & Wine Health & Wellness Homes Parent Technology Travel Sports Amateur Baseball Basketball Blue Jays Curling Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Leafs Olympics Raptors Soccer Tennis Opinion Commentary Corrections Editorials Editorial Cartoon Public Editor Reader's Letters Entertainment Books Movies Music Stage Television Visual Arts Diversions Horoscopes Crosswords Sudoku Comics Wheels.ca Special Features Obituaries Classifieds TV Listings Hot Topics: Canada 150 Bombardier Donald Trump Book Reviews Panama Papers Weather Blog Follow us: Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Instagram RSS Manage NewslettersSite Map About Contact Us Feedback thestar.com Feedback Site Map Newsletters Insurance Hotline New in Homes Star Store StarAuctions Corrections Behavioural Targeting Today's News Flyers CanadaStays Contests Toronto Star Newspaper Ltd. About Atkinson Principles Statement of Principles Get Home Delivery My Subscription Contact Us Contact Webmaster FAQ News Releases Star Internships Careers @ the Star Star Advisers Star ePaper Star Touch Reprint and License Advertising Advertise with Us Advertising Terms Special Features Initiatives Santa Claus Fund Fresh Air Fund Speakers Bureau Classroom Connection Toronto Star Archives Report on Community Giving © Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. 1996 - 2017 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, One Yonge Street, 4th floor, Toronto, ON, M5E 1E6
OregonLive.com Menu Home News by Topic News by Location Sports High School Sports Entertainment/Lifestyle Eat, Drink, Cook Opinion Real Estate Obituaries Jobs Autos Classifieds Connect With Us Extras Subscribe Back to Main Menu Crime Trending Politics Watchdog Education Environment Commuting Health Business Video Photos Marijuana Diversity Interactive Maps & Charts Columnists/Voice Back to Main Menu Politics Home My Government Back to Main Menu Education Home My Schools Back to Main Menu Business News Home Real Estate News Personal Finance Oregon & the Economy Oregon Tech Shopping Business Public Blog Back to Main Menu Steve Duin Samantha Swindler Tom Hallman Jr. Mark Katches John Canzano Kristi Turnquist Grant Butler Jessica Greif Teresa Mahoney Dave Killen Back to Main Menu Portland Pacific Northwest Multnomah County Washington County Clackamas County Clark County Oregon U.S./World Back to Main Menu Oregon Sports March Madness John Canzano Ducks Beavers Blazers Pilots Thorns Timbers Vikings Track and Field NFL NBA MLB Recruiting News Sports on TV More Sports Back to Main Menu NCAA Pac-12 Hops Track & Field Winterhawks Back to Main Menu Boys Girls Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Track and Field Tennis Golf Lacrosse Back to Main Menu Softball Track and Field Tennis Golf Lacrosse Back to Main Menu Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Volleyball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Wrestling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Competitive Cheer Dance and Drill Back to Main Menu TV Movies Music Best of Living Homes & Gardens Travel & Outdoors Arts & Performance Books Pets Vintage Oregon Events Advice Puzzles & Games Comics Back to Main Menu Cheap Eats Dining Out Portland's Best Restaurants Recipes Cooking Beer Bars Wine Back to Main Menu The Stump Editorials Letters to the Editor My Oregon OpEd Elizabeth Hovde David Sarasohn Comments: Open Thread Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Twitter Facebook Instagram Pinterest Our Staff Oregonian Plus Members Buy an ad Back to Main Menu Find & Save Local Businesses Living Plus Travel Plus Back to Main Menu The Oregonian E-Edition Manage your subscription Email newsletters Mobile apps Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search OregonLive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to OregonLive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Oregonian E-Edition Manage your subscription Email newsletters Mobile apps Today's News Russia probe reaches current White House official, sources say Updated on May 19, 2017 at 12:53 PM Posted on May 19, 2017 at 12:40 PM The White House is lit with blue lights in honor of Police week, on May 15, 2017 in Washington, DC. (Photo by Mark Wilson/Getty Images) By The Washington Post WASHINGTON - The law enforcement investigation into possible coordination between Russia and the Trump campaign has identified a current White House official as a significant person of interest, showing that the probe is reaching into the highest levels of government, according to people familiar with the matter. The senior White House adviser under scrutiny by investigators is someone close to the president, according to these people, who would not further identify the official. The revelation comes as the investigation also appears to be entering a more overtly active phase, with investigators shifting from work that has remained largely hidden from the public to conducting interviews and using a grand jury to issue subpoenas. The intensity of the probe is expected to accelerate in the coming weeks, the people said. The sources emphasized that investigators remain keenly interested in people who previously wielded influence in the Trump campaign and administration but are no longer part of it, including former national security adviser Michael Flynn and former campaign chairman Paul Manafort. Flynn resigned in February after disclosures that he had lied to administration officials about his contacts with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak. Current administration officials who have acknowledged contacts with Russian officials include Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner, as well as Cabinet members Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. Likely Oregon GOP governor candidate: 'We need to know the truth' People familiar with the investigation said the intensifying effort does not mean criminal charges are near, or that any such charges will result. Earlier this week, Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein appointed former FBI Director Robert Mueller to serve as special counsel and lead the investigation into Russian meddling. It is unclear exactly how Mueller's leadership will affect the direction of the probe, and he is already bringing in new people to work on the team. Those familiar with the case said its significance had increased before Mueller's appointment. While the case began quietly last July as an effort to determine whether any Trump associates coordinated with Russian operatives to meddle in the presidential election campaign, the investigative work now being done by the FBI also includes determining whether any financial crimes were committed by people close to the president. The people familiar with the matter said the probe has sharpened into something more fraught for the White House, the FBI and the Justice Department - particularly because of the public steps investigators know they now need to take, the people said. When subpoenas are issued or interviews are requested, it is possible the people being asked to talk or provide documents will reveal publicly what they were asked about. A small group of lawmakers known as the Gang of Eight were notified of the change in tempo and focus in the investigation at a classified briefing on Wednesday evening, the people familiar with the matter said. FBI Director James Comey had publicly confirmed the existence of the investigation in March. Justice Department spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores said, "I can't confirm or deny the existence or non-existence of investigations or targets of investigations." An FBI spokesman declined to comment. Trump says probe will prove no collusion White House spokesman Sean Spicer said, "as the president has stated before, a thorough investigation will confirm that there was no collusion between the campaign and any foreign entity.'' While there has been a loud public debate in recent days over the question of whether the president might have attempted to obstruct justice in his private dealings with FBI Director James Comey, who Trump fired last week, people familiar with the matter said investigators on the case are more focused on Russian influence operations and possible financial crimes. The FBI's investigation seeks to determine whether and to what extent Trump associates were in contact with Kremlin operatives, what business dealings they might have had in Russia, and whether they in any way facilitated the hacking and publishing of Democratic National Committee and Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta's emails during the presidential campaign. Several congressional committees are also investigating, though their probes could not produce criminal charges. A grand jury in Alexandria, Virginia, recently issued a subpoena for records related to Flynn's business, The Flynn Intel Group, which had been paid more than $500,000 by a company owned by a Turkish American businessman close to top Turkish officials, according to people familiar with the matter. The Flynn Intel Group was paid for research on Fethullah Gulen, a cleric who Turkey's current president believes was responsible for a coup attempt last summer. Flynn retroactively registered with the Justice Department in March as a paid foreign agent for Turkish interests. Separately from the probe now run by Mueller, Flynn is being investigated by the Pentagon's top watchdog for his foreign payments. Flynn also received $45,000 to appear in 2015 with Russian President Vladimir Putin at a dinner for RT, a Kremlin-controlled media organization. Flynn discussed U.S. sanctions against Russia with Russia's ambassador to the United States during the month before President Donald Trump took office, and he withheld that fact from even Vice President Mike Pence. That prompted then Acting Attorney General Sally Yates to warn the White House's top lawyer he might be susceptible to blackmail. Flynn stepped down after The Washington Post reported on the contents of the call. The president has nonetheless seemed to defend his former adviser. A memo by fired FBI Director Comey alleged Trump even asked that the probe into Flynn be shut down. The White House also has acknowledged that Kushner met with Kislyak, the Russian ambassador to the U.S., in late November. Kushner also has acknowledged that he met with the head of a Russian development bank, Vnesheconombank, which has been under U.S. sanctions since July 2014. The president's son in law initially omitted contacts with foreign leaders from a national security questionnaire, though his lawyer has said publicly he submitted the form prematurely and informed the FBI soon after he would provide an update. Vnesheconombank handles development for the state, and in early 2015, a man purporting to be one of its New York-based employees was arrested and accused of being an unregistered spy. That man - Evgeny Buryakov - ultimately pleaded guilty and was eventually deported. He had been in contact with former Trump adviser Carter Page, though Page has said he shared only "basic immaterial information and publicly available research documents" with the Russian. Page was the subject of a secret warrant last year issued by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, based on suspicions he might have been acting as an agent of the Russian government, according to people familiar with the matter. Page has denied any wrongdoing, and accused the government of violating his civil rights. --The Washington Post View Comments About Us About OregonLive.com Our Journalists Contact the newsroom Join our team Frequently Asked Questions Subscriber Services Advertise with us Subscribe Today The Oregonian Email Newsletters Already a Subscriber Manage your Subscription Delivery Feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment OregonLive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Opinion Legal Notices Obituaries Videos Weather Sitemap & search Your Regional News Pages Clackamas County Gresham Portland Washington County Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on OregonLive.com Classifieds Jobs Autos Rentals Real Estate Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sponsor Content Local Deals Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram | Tumblr Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Oregon Live LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Oregon Live LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
National PostDigital Access | Sign in / Register Home Financial Post News Comment Personal Finance Investing Tech Sports Arts Life Health Homes Driving Classifieds Jobs Subscribe News World Israel & The Middle East World TRENDINGReal estate | Lotto Max | Russia | Trump | Tory leadership race | The New War on Cancer Investigation into ties between Russia and Trump campaign reaches current White House official: sources Devlin Barrett and Matt Zapotosky, Washington Post | May 19, 2017 4:31 PM ET More from Washington Post Twitter Google+ Reddit Email Typo? More Comments LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon The law enforcement investigation into possible coordination between Russia and the Trump campaign has identified a current White House official as a significant person of interest, showing that the probe is reaching into the highest levels of government, according to people familiar with the matter. The senior White House adviser under scrutiny by investigators is someone close to the president, according to these people, who would not further identify the official. The revelation comes as the investigation also appears to be entering a more overtly active phase, with investigators shifting from work that has remained largely hidden from the public to conducting interviews and using a grand jury to issue subpoenas. The intensity of the probe is expected to accelerate in the coming weeks, the people said. The sources emphasized that investigators remain keenly interested in people who previously wielded influence in the Trump campaign and administration but are no longer part of it, including former national security adviser Michael Flynn and former campaign chairman Paul Manafort. Flynn resigned in February after disclosures that he had lied to administration officials about his contacts with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak. Current administration officials who have acknowledged contacts with Russian officials include Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner, as well as Cabinet members Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. Related Charles Krauthammer: Trump is out of control, but please, no constitutional tricks to unseat him Incandescent Trump rages against Obama, Clinton and appointment of ‘special counsel’ Trump campaign had at least 18 undisclosed contacts with Russians during last seven months of election Top Republican recorded suggesting that Trump is on Putin’s payroll, ‘swear to God’ People familiar with the investigation said the intensifying effort does not mean criminal charges are near, or that any such charges will result. Earlier this week, Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein appointed former FBI Director Robert Mueller to serve as special counsel and lead the investigation into Russian meddling. It is unclear exactly how Mueller’s leadership will affect the direction of the probe, and he is already bringing in new people to work on the team. Those familiar with the case said its significance had increased before Mueller’s appointment. While the case began quietly last July as an effort to determine whether any Trump associates coordinated with Russian operatives to meddle in the presidential election campaign, the investigative work now being done by the FBI also includes determining whether any financial crimes were committed by people close to the president. The people familiar with the matter said the probe has sharpened into something more fraught for the White House, the FBI and the Justice Department – particularly because of the public steps investigators know they now need to take, the people said. When subpoenas are issued or interviews are requested, it is possible the people being asked to talk or provide documents will reveal publicly what they were asked about. A small group of lawmakers known as the Gang of Eight were notified of the change in tempo and focus in the investigation at a classified briefing on Wednesday evening, the people familiar with the matter said. FBI Director James Comey had publicly confirmed the existence of the investigation in March. Justice Department spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores said, “I can’t confirm or deny the existence or non-existence of investigations or targets of investigations.” An FBI spokesman declined to comment. White House spokesman Sean Spicer said, “as the president has stated before, a thorough investigation will confirm that there was no collusion between the campaign and any foreign entity.” While there has been a loud public debate in recent days over the question of whether the president might have attempted to obstruct justice in his private dealings with FBI Director James Comey, who Trump fired last week, people familiar with the matter said investigators on the case are more focused on Russian influence operations and possible financial crimes. The FBI’s investigation seeks to determine whether and to what extent Trump associates were in contact with Kremlin operatives, what business dealings they might have had in Russia, and whether they in any way facilitated the hacking and publishing of Democratic National Committee and Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta’s emails during the presidential campaign. Several congressional committees are also investigating, though their probes could not produce criminal charges. A grand jury in Alexandria, Virginia, recently issued a subpoena for records related to Flynn’s business, The Flynn Intel Group, which had been paid more than $500,000 by a company owned by a Turkish American businessman close to top Turkish officials, according to people familiar with the matter. The Flynn Intel Group was paid for research on Fethullah Gulen, a cleric who Turkey’s current president believes was responsible for a coup attempt last summer. Flynn retroactively registered with the Justice Department in March as a paid foreign agent for Turkish interests. Separately from the probe now run by Mueller, Flynn is being investigated by the Pentagon’s top watchdog for his foreign payments. Flynn also received $45,000 to appear in 2015 with Russian President Vladimir Putin at a dinner for RT, a Kremlin-controlled media organization. Flynn discussed U.S. sanctions against Russia with Russia’s ambassador to the United States during the month before President Donald Trump took office, and he withheld that fact from even Vice President Mike Pence. That prompted then Acting Attorney General Sally Yates to warn the White House’s top lawyer he might be susceptible to blackmail. Flynn stepped down after The Washington Post reported on the contents of the call. The president has nonetheless seemed to defend his former adviser. A memo by fired FBI Director Comey alleged Trump even asked that the probe into Flynn be shut down. The White House also has acknowledged that Kushner met with Kislyak, the Russian ambassador to the U.S., in late November. Kushner also has acknowledged that he met with the head of a Russian development bank, Vnesheconombank, which has been under U.S. sanctions since July 2014. The president’s son in law initially omitted contacts with foreign leaders from a national security questionnaire, though his lawyer has said publicly he submitted the form prematurely and informed the FBI soon after he would provide an update. Vnesheconombank handles development for the state, and in early 2015, a man purporting to be one of its New York-based employees was arrested and accused of being an unregistered spy. That man – Evgeny Buryakov – ultimately pleaded guilty and was eventually deported. He had been in contact with former Trump adviser Carter Page, though Page has said he shared only “basic immaterial information and publicly available research documents” with the Russian. Page was the subject of a secret warrant last year issued by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, based on suspicions he might have been acting as an agent of the Russian government, according to people familiar with the matter. Page has denied any wrongdoing, and accused the government of violating his civil rights. Find National Post on Facebook Twitter Google+ Reddit Email Typo? More Comments LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon Topics: News, World, Donald Trump, Russia, The White House World Videos Powered by WordPress.com VIP Our Partners Infomart The Province Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Classifieds Remembering Celebrating Classifieds Marketplace Workopolis FlyerCity Classifieds Self-Service Services Advertise with us Subscribe Subscriber Services ePaper Newsletters Site map Legal Privacy Terms Contact us Copyright & permissions Connect with Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Pinterest © 2017 National Post, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password: 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Please enter your email below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Post to Cancel
Menu Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate President Donald Trump walks out of the Oval Office of the White House in Washington on Friday to board Marine One for a short trip to Andrews Air Force Base, Maryland. Trump was leaving for his first foreign trip — to Saudi Arabia, Israel, the Vatican and summits in Brussels and Sicily. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais) Sources: Russia investigators scrutinize White House official Fri May 19th, 2017 1:07pm News You must sign in or register to continue reading content. By Devlin Barrett and Matt Zapotosky / The Washington Post WASHINGTON — The law enforcement investigation into possible coordination between Russia and the Trump campaign has identified a current White House official as a significant person of interest, showing that the probe is reaching into the highest levels of government, according to people familiar with the matter. The senior White House adviser under scrutiny by investigators is someone close to the president, according to these people, who would not further identify the official. The revelation comes as the investigation also appears to be entering a more overtly active phase, with investigators shifting from work that has remained largely hidden from the public to conducting interviews and using a grand jury to issue subpoenas. The intensity of the probe is expected to accelerate in the coming weeks, the people said. The sources emphasized that investigators remain keenly interested in people who previously wielded influence in the Trump campaign and administration but are no longer part of it, including former national security adviser Michael Flynn and former campaign chairman Paul Manafort. Flynn resigned in February after disclosures that he had lied to administration officials about his contacts with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak. Current administration officials who have acknowledged contacts with Russian officials include Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner, as well as Cabinet members Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. People familiar with the investigation said the intensifying effort does not mean criminal charges are near, or that any such charges will result. Earlier this week, Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein appointed former FBI Director Robert Mueller to serve as special counsel and lead the investigation into Russian meddling. It is unclear exactly how Mueller’s leadership will affect the direction of the probe, and he is already bringing in new people to work on the team. Those familiar with the case said its significance had increased before Mueller’s appointment. While the case began quietly last July as an effort to determine whether any Trump associates coordinated with Russian operatives to meddle in the presidential election campaign, the investigative work now being done by the FBI also includes determining whether any financial crimes were committed by people close to the president. The people familiar with the matter said the probe has sharpened into something more fraught for the White House, the FBI and the Justice Department — particularly because of the public steps investigators know they now need to take, the people said. When subpoenas are issued or interviews are requested, it is possible the people being asked to talk or provide documents will reveal publicly what they were asked about. A small group of lawmakers known as the Gang of Eight were notified of the change in tempo and focus in the investigation at a classified briefing on Wednesday evening, the people familiar with the matter said. FBI Director James Comey had publicly confirmed the existence of the investigation in March. Justice Department spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores said, “I can’t confirm or deny the existence or non-existence of investigations or targets of investigations.” An FBI spokesman declined to comment. White House spokesman Sean Spicer said, “as the president has stated before, a thorough investigation will confirm that there was no collusion between the campaign and any foreign entity.” While there has been a loud public debate in recent days over the question of whether the president might have attempted to obstruct justice in his private dealings with FBI Director James Comey, who Trump fired last week, people familiar with the matter said investigators on the case are more focused on Russian influence operations and possible financial crimes. The FBI’s investigation seeks to determine whether and to what extent Trump associates were in contact with Kremlin operatives, what business dealings they might have had in Russia, and whether they in any way facilitated the hacking and publishing of Democratic National Committee and Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta’s emails during the presidential campaign. Several congressional committees are also investigating, though their probes could not produce criminal charges. A grand jury in Alexandria, Virginia, recently issued a subpoena for records related to Flynn’s business, The Flynn Intel Group, which had been paid more than $500,000 by a company owned by a Turkish American businessman close to top Turkish officials, according to people familiar with the matter. The Flynn Intel Group was paid for research on Fethullah Gulen, a cleric who Turkey’s current president believes was responsible for a coup attempt last summer. Flynn retroactively registered with the Justice Department in March as a paid foreign agent for Turkish interests. Separately from the probe now run by Mueller, Flynn is being investigated by the Pentagon’s top watchdog for his foreign payments. Flynn also received $45,000 to appear in 2015 with Russian President Vladimir Putin at a dinner for RT, a Kremlin-controlled media organization. Flynn discussed U.S. sanctions against Russia with Russia’s ambassador to the United States during the month before President Donald Trump took office, and he withheld that fact from even Vice President Mike Pence. That prompted then Acting Attorney General Sally Yates to warn the White House’s top lawyer he might be susceptible to blackmail. Flynn stepped down after The Washington Post reported on the contents of the call. The president has nonetheless seemed to defend his former adviser. A memo by fired FBI Director Comey alleged Trump even asked that the probe into Flynn be shut down. The White House also has acknowledged that Kushner met with Kislyak, the Russian ambassador to the U.S., in late November. Kushner also has acknowledged that he met with the head of a Russian development bank, Vnesheconombank, which has been under U.S. sanctions since July 2014. The president’s son in law initially omitted contacts with foreign leaders from a national security questionnaire, though his lawyer has said publicly he submitted the form prematurely and informed the FBI soon after he would provide an update. Vnesheconombank handles development for the state, and in early 2015, a man purporting to be one of its New York-based employees was arrested and accused of being an unregistered spy. That man — Evgeny Buryakov — ultimately pleaded guilty and was eventually deported. He had been in contact with former Trump adviser Carter Page, though Page has said he shared only “basic immaterial information and publicly available research documents” with the Russian. Page was the subject of a secret warrant last year issued by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, based on suspicions he might have been acting as an agent of the Russian government, according to people familiar with the matter. Page has denied any wrongdoing, and accused the government of violating his civil rights. The Washington Post’s Ellen Nakashima and Ashley Parker contributed to this report.   Most Read Deputy pleads guilty to crash that cost man his legs EVERETT — A Snohomish County sheriff’s deputy who caused a crash that… May 18th, 2017 by Diana Hefley Retiring Everett school bus driver gets taken for a ride EVERETT — The Everett School District’s bus drivers decided to send their… May 18th, 2017 by Chris Winters Everett’s fire chief leaving for another post after 4 months EVERETT — It wasn’t a long tenure. Everett Fire Chief Eric Hicks… May 18th, 2017 by Eric Stevick Petri Dish When it came to car tabs, not all lawmakers read the fine print OLYMPIA — It’s pretty clear those running Sound Transit aren’t seizing the… May 18th, 2017 by Jerry Cornfield Editorial: A checkup for Everett Clinic’s new owners By The Herald Editorial Board DaVita, the Denver-based Fortune 500 health care… May 18th, 2017 © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site Map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Social Media
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu The Sydney Morning Herald News site of the year World Subscribe Login Sign-up Become a SMH member today! Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create account now! Become a SMH member today! Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News NSW News National Environment Health Education Investigations Good Weekend Galleries Clique Photos Victoria News Queensland ACT News WA News Sport NRL Union AFL Football Cricket Racing Motorsport Basketball Netball Cycling Tennis Scores Golf US Sports Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business Politics Politics Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment Letters Editorials Column 8 Obituaries Peter Hartcher Ross Gittins Jessica Irvine Blunt Instrument Satire Entertainment Movies TV & Radio Music Books Art Stage What's On in Sydney Video Shop Art Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Horoscopes Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Gadgets Games eSports Smartphone Apps Mobiles Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site Home World May 20 2017 - 5:48AM Save Print Russia probe reaches White House official close to Donald Trump Devlin Barrett and Matt Zapotosky 18 reading now facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More The law enforcement investigation into possible coordination between Russia and the Trump campaign has identified a current White House official as a significant person of interest, showing that the probe is reaching into the highest levels of government, according to people familiar with the matter. The senior White House adviser under scrutiny by investigators is someone close to the president, according to these people, who would not further identify the official. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next If Trump 'took a dump on his desk' Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:10 More World News Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 01:02 Trump calls Russia probe a 'witch hunt' Trump calls Russia probe a 'witch hunt' President Donald Trump on Thursday called the probe into possible ties between his 2016 presidential campaign and Russia 'a witch hunt' that is doing damage to the country. Up Next If Trump 'took a dump on his desk' Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:10 Video duration 01:10 If Trump 'took a dump on his desk' If Trump 'took a dump on his desk' CNN anchor Anderson Cooper has apologised after remarking that Jeffrey Lord, a Trump supporter, would defend Trump after he 'Took a dump on his desk'. Up Next Fighter jets scrambled after man 'rushed cockpit' Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:56 Video duration 00:56 Fighter jets scrambled after man 'rushed ... Fighter jets scrambled after man 'rushed cockpit' Two US fighter jets were summoned to escort flight AA31 in the US after an unruly man was subdued by passengers and flight attendants, who used a drink cart to block him from the front of the plane. Up Next Assange's mother calls for the Australian government to provide safe passage Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:21 Video duration 01:21 Assange's mother calls for the Australian ... Assange's mother calls for the Australian government to provide safe passage Julian Assange's mother says the Australian government should help Assange now that the rape charges against him have been dropped. Up Next Schapelle Corby: life after Bali Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:50 Video duration 01:50 Schapelle Corby: life after Bali Schapelle Corby: life after Bali Now 39, Corby has spent the last three years on parole in Bali after serving almost 10 years of her original 20-year jail sentence inside the resort island's notorious Kerobokan prison. Up Next Chunky monkey gets put on a diet Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:42 Video duration 00:42 Chunky monkey gets put on a diet Chunky monkey gets put on a diet A morbidly obese wild monkey in Thailand nicknamed 'Uncle Fat' has been rescued and put on a strict diet after being over-fed by tourists. Up Next Trump tells Russians that firing Comey eased pressure Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:43 Video duration 01:43 Trump tells Russians that firing Comey ... Trump tells Russians that firing Comey eased pressure Trump tells Russian officials that firing 'nut job' FBI director, James Comey has taken the pressure off. Up Next Rape charges against Assange dropped Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:37 Video duration 01:37 Rape charges against Assange dropped Rape charges against Assange dropped After seven years, the Swedish police have dropped it's investigation into a rape allegation made against Assange. More videos Trump calls Russia probe a 'witch hunt' President Donald Trump on Thursday called the probe into possible ties between his 2016 presidential campaign and Russia 'a witch hunt' that is doing damage to the country. The revelation comes as the investigation also appears to be entering a more overtly active phase, with investigators shifting from work that has remained largely hidden from the public to conducting interviews and using a grand jury to issue subpoenas. The intensity of the probe is expected to accelerate in the coming weeks, the people said. The sources emphasised that investigators remain keenly interested in people who previously wielded influence in the Trump campaign and administration but are no longer part of it, including former national security adviser Michael Flynn and former campaign chairman Paul Manafort. Related Content How will Trump chaos affect Australia's alliance with the US? Flynn resigned in February after disclosures that he had lied to administration officials about his contacts with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak. Current administration officials who have acknowledged contacts with Russian officials include Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner, as well as Cabinet members Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. People familiar with the investigation said the intensifying effort does not mean criminal charges are near, or that any such charges will result. Earlier this week, Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein appointed former FBI Director Robert Mueller to serve as special counsel and lead the investigation into Russian meddling. Advertisement It is unclear exactly how Mueller's leadership will affect the direction of the probe, and he is already bringing in new people to work on the team. Those familiar with the case said its significance had increased before Mueller's appointment. While the case began quietly last July as an effort to determine whether any Trump associates coordinated with Russian operatives to meddle in the presidential election campaign, the investigative work now being done by the FBI also includes determining whether any financial crimes were committed by people close to the president. The people familiar with the matter said the probe has sharpened into something more fraught for the White House, the FBI and the Justice Department - particularly because of the public steps investigators know they now need to take, the people said. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link An official close to Donald Trump is under scrutiny by the FBI. Photo: AP When subpoenas are issued or interviews are requested, it is possible the people being asked to talk or provide documents will reveal publicly what they were asked about. A small group of lawmakers known as the Gang of Eight were notified of the change in tempo and focus in the investigation at a classified briefing on Wednesday evening, the people familiar with the matter said. FBI Director James Comey had publicly confirmed the existence of the investigation in March. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link James Comey was fired as director of the FBI by Trump. Photo: AP Justice Department spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores said, "I can't confirm or deny the existence or non-existence of investigations or targets of investigations." An FBI spokesman declined to comment. White House spokesman Sean Spicer said, "as the president has stated before, a thorough investigation will confirm that there was no collusion between the campaign and any foreign entity.'' SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link former FBI Director Robert Mueller will serve as special counsel into Russian investigation. Photo: AP While there has been a loud public debate in recent days over the question of whether the president might have attempted to obstruct justice in his private dealings with FBI Director James Comey, who Trump fired last week, people familiar with the matter said investigators on the case are more focused on Russian influence operations and possible financial crimes. The FBI's investigation seeks to determine whether and to what extent Trump associates were in contact with Kremlin operatives, what business dealings they might have had in Russia, and whether they in any way facilitated the hacking and publishing of Democratic National Committee and Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta's emails during the presidential campaign. Several congressional committees are also investigating, though their probes could not produce criminal charges. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Jared Kushner admitted meeting the Russian ambassador. Photo: AP A grand jury in Alexandria, Virginia, recently issued a subpoena for records related to Flynn's business, The Flynn Intel Group, which had been paid more than $US500,000 by a company owned by a Turkish American businessman close to top Turkish officials, according to people familiar with the matter. The Flynn Intel Group was paid for research on Fethullah Gulen, a cleric who Turkey's current president believes was responsible for a coup attempt last summer. Flynn retroactively registered with the Justice Department in March as a paid foreign agent for Turkish interests. Separately from the probe now run by Mueller, Flynn is being investigated by the Pentagon's top watchdog for his foreign payments. Flynn also received $US45,000 to appear in 2015 with Russian President Vladimir Putin at a dinner for RT, a Kremlin-controlled media organisation. Flynn discussed US sanctions against Russia with Russia's ambassador to the United States during the month before President Donald Trump took office, and he withheld that fact from even Vice President Mike Pence. That prompted then Acting Attorney General Sally Yates to warn the White House's top lawyer he might be susceptible to blackmail. Flynn stepped down after The Washington Post reported on the contents of the call. The president has nonetheless seemed to defend his former adviser. A memo by fired FBI Director Comey alleged Trump even asked that the probe into Flynn be shut down. The White House also has acknowledged that Kushner met with Kislyak, the Russian ambassador to the US, in late November. Kushner also has acknowledged that he met with the head of a Russian development bank, Vnesheconombank, which has been under US sanctions since July 2014. The president's son in law initially omitted contacts with foreign leaders from a national security questionnaire, though his lawyer has said publicly he submitted the form prematurely and informed the FBI soon after he would provide an update. Vnesheconombank handles development for the state, and in early 2015, a man purporting to be one of its New York-based employees was arrested and accused of being an unregistered spy. That man - Evgeny Buryakov - ultimately pleaded guilty and was eventually deported. He had been in contact with former Trump adviser Carter Page, though Page has said he shared only "basic immaterial information and publicly available research documents" with the Russian. Page was the subject of a secret warrant last year issued by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, based on suspicions he might have been acting as an agent of the Russian government, according to people familiar with the matter. Page has denied any wrongdoing, and accused the government of violating his civil rights. Washington Post Advertisement Most Popular Trump flees 'Russia thing' as Washington reels A certain kind of freedom Comey to testify to Senate in public Trump told Russians firing 'nut job' Comey eased pressure Sweden drops Julian Assange rape investigation Follow Fairfax Foreign Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow SMH Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide World Sweden drops Julian Assange rape investigation A certain kind of freedom Trump told Russians firing 'nut job' Comey eased pressure Comey tried to blend in with curtains when Trump entered the room Trump flees 'Russia thing' as Washington reels The Sydney Morning Herald The cocaine-snorting businessman and the tax scam Sweden drops Julian Assange rape investigation Curtis prepares for life outside of prison A certain kind of freedom The secret emails Sydney University doesn't want you to see on college sex review The Age Shanghai match: Suns an international embarrassment Sweden drops Julian Assange rape investigation The cocaine-snorting businessman and the tax scam Homicide squad called in after ex-cop's body found Can British Bunnings save the Wesfarmers renovation? Brisbane Times Dinosaurs were minutes away from surviving extinction Two new $1.5 billion warships may have design flaws, navy chiefs reveal 'I regret chasing them': Student bashed as luxury car stolen Shanghai match: Suns an international embarrassment Wet weather tracks offshore, breaks Whitsunday records Canberra Times Canberra contractors 'disgusted' by ATO tax fraud scandal The fizzy drink that has soft drink giants scrambling The cocaine-snorting businessman and the tax scam The $1000 rewards Canberrans aren't collecting Journalist spoke to boss about ATO tax fraud scoop WA Today WA ambos stood down for 'refusing to attend incident' Perth company fined $56,000 for destroying native habitat Wife of Soundgarden's Chris Cornell calls suicide 'inexplicable' 'Something wasn't right' at Chris Cornell's final show, says reviewer Shanghai match: Suns an international embarrassment Get Started Subscribe today for unlimited access from only 50c a day The Sydney Morning Herald Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition SMH for iPad Today's Paper Subscribe Manage My Subscription Subscriber Hub Corporate Subscriptions Digital Subscription FAQs Good Food Guide The Store by Fairfax Newsletters Sydney Morning Herald Sitemap About Us Contact Us Subscribers Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Classifieds Place an Ad Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Account Details News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback Info Save articles for later. Ok, Got it Info Subscribe for unlimited access to news. Login to save articles. Ok, Got it Info Return to the homepage by clicking on the site logo. Ok, Got it
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman AlienVault Announces Distribution Relationship with Ingram Micro /EINPresswire.com/ — SAN MATEO, CA–(Marketwired – May 19, 2017) – AlienVault®, the leading provider of Unified Security Management™ (USM™) and crowdsourced threat intelligence, today announced it has entered into a distribution relationship with Ingram Micro Inc., a global leader in technology solutions, mobility, cloud, and supply chain services. Tweet This: Check it out: @AlienVault teams up with @IngramMicroInc to expand footprint of AlienVault USM! http://ow.ly/boaW30bQR7Z AlienVault chose Ingram Micro for its market reach and impressive expertise in security and cloud. Under the new distribution agreement, Ingram Micro’s extensive network of channel partners gain easy access to AlienVault’s platform, which provides the essential controls required for effective threat detection, incident response and compliance management in cloud, hybrid cloud and on-premises environments. „Our investment in the channel is a strategic part of AlienVault’s growth,” said Mike LaPeters, vice president of global channel sales at AlienVault. „Teaming with Ingram Micro will enable us to provide its network of partners with the robust capabilities of our unified security management platform. As the world’s largest technology distributor with deep expertise in both on-premises and cloud security, Ingram Micro understands the needs of our market. We look forward to working with Ingram Micro to expand our footprint and enable channel partners to proactively detect and respond to today’s threats in cloud, on-premises and hybrid cloud environments.” „Channel partners must be able to quickly deploy, effectively manage and successfully defend their customers’ infrastructure and devices from today’s rapidly evolving threats,” said Eric Kohl, executive director, Advanced Solutions, Ingram Micro U.S. „Cyber security is a top priority for organizations of all sizes, which demands greater specialization from both the channel partner and the technology provider. With its innovative cyber security solutions including Alien Vault USM Appliance and USM Anywhere, AlienVault is a welcome addition to our comprehensive portfolio of advanced security products, solutions and services.” AlienVault channel partners will hear more about the benefits of our new distribution agreement with Ingram Micro in the coming months. For more information about AlienVault’s Partner Program, please email partners@alienvault.com or visit https://www.alienvault.com/partners. Additional Resources: About AlienVault AlienVault has simplified the way organizations detect and respond to today’s ever evolving threat landscape. Our unique and award-winning approach, trusted by thousands of customers, combines the essential security controls of our all-in-one platform, AlienVault Unified Security Management, with the power of AlienVault’s Open Threat Exchange, the world’s largest crowd-sourced threat intelligence community, making effective and affordable threat detection attainable for resource-constrained IT teams. AlienVault is a privately held company headquartered in Silicon Valley and backed by Trident Capital, Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, Institutional Venture Partners, GGV Capital, Intel Capital, Jackson Square Ventures, Adara Venture Partners, Top Tier Capital and Correlation Ventures. About Ingram Micro Ingram Micro helps businesses Realize the Promise of Technology™. It delivers a full spectrum of global technology and supply chain services to businesses around the world. Deep expertise in technology solutions, mobility, cloud, and supply chain solutions enables its business partners to operate efficiently and successfully in the markets they serve. Unrivaled agility, deep market insights and the trust and dependability that come from decades of proven relationships, set Ingram Micro apart and ahead. More at www.ingrammicro.com. AlienVault, Open Threat Exchange, OTX, Unified Security Management, AlienApp, AlienApps, USM Appliance, and USM Anywhere are trademarks of AlienVault and/or its affiliates. Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Mattis Praises Former Defense Secretary Hagel’s Selflessness Next PostNext Ankaka Announces The Availability Of Spy Audio Bugs On Its Online Store Search Recent Posts IMPORTANT Neurotrope, Inc. INVESTOR ALERT: Wolf Haldenstein Adler Freeman & Herz LLP announces that a securities class action lawsuit has been filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York against Neurotrope, Inc.  IMPORTANT DICK’S SPORTING GOODS, INC. INVESTOR ALERT: Wolf Haldenstein Adler Freeman & Herz LLP announces that a securities class action lawsuit has been filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York against Dick’s Sporting Goods, Inc. Lindblad Expeditions Holdings, Inc. Appoints New Independent Director Consumer Mobile Payments Market Would Reach at 41.4% CAGR by 2026 Moist Wound Dressings Market : Dynamics, Segments, Size and Demand to 2020 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu The Age World Subscribe Login Sign-up Become a The Age member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a The Age member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News AFL Business Politics World Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Sport Video All News Victoria News National Environment Health Education Investigations Galleries Clique Photos Good Weekend NSW News ACT News Queensland WA News Sport AFL Ultimate Footy Cricket Soccer Racing Netball NRL Union Motorsport Basketball Tennis Scores Cycling Golf US Sports Athletics Boxing Swimming News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business World Politics Politics Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment Letters Editorial Obituaries View from the Street Blunt Instrument Satire The Zone Entertainment Movies TV & Radio Music Books Art Stage Melbourne Film Festival What's On in Melbourne Video Box Office Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Horoscopes Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Gadgets Games eSports Smartphone Apps Mobiles Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site Home World May 20 2017 - 5:48AM Save Print Russia probe reaches White House official close to Donald Trump Devlin Barrett and Matt Zapotosky 16 reading now facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More The law enforcement investigation into possible coordination between Russia and the Trump campaign has identified a current White House official as a significant person of interest, showing that the probe is reaching into the highest levels of government, according to people familiar with the matter. The senior White House adviser under scrutiny by investigators is someone close to the president, according to these people, who would not further identify the official. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next If Trump 'took a dump on his desk' Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:10 More World News Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 01:02 Trump calls Russia probe a 'witch hunt' Trump calls Russia probe a 'witch hunt' President Donald Trump on Thursday called the probe into possible ties between his 2016 presidential campaign and Russia 'a witch hunt' that is doing damage to the country. Up Next If Trump 'took a dump on his desk' Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:10 Video duration 01:10 If Trump 'took a dump on his desk' If Trump 'took a dump on his desk' CNN anchor Anderson Cooper has apologised after remarking that Jeffrey Lord, a Trump supporter, would defend Trump after he 'Took a dump on his desk'. Up Next Fighter jets scrambled after man 'rushed cockpit' Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:56 Video duration 00:56 Fighter jets scrambled after man 'rushed ... Fighter jets scrambled after man 'rushed cockpit' Two US fighter jets were summoned to escort flight AA31 in the US after an unruly man was subdued by passengers and flight attendants, who used a drink cart to block him from the front of the plane. Up Next Assange's mother calls for the Australian government to provide safe passage Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:21 Video duration 01:21 Assange's mother calls for the Australian ... Assange's mother calls for the Australian government to provide safe passage Julian Assange's mother says the Australian government should help Assange now that the rape charges against him have been dropped. Up Next Schapelle Corby: life after Bali Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:50 Video duration 01:50 Schapelle Corby: life after Bali Schapelle Corby: life after Bali Now 39, Corby has spent the last three years on parole in Bali after serving almost 10 years of her original 20-year jail sentence inside the resort island's notorious Kerobokan prison. Up Next Chunky monkey gets put on a diet Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:42 Video duration 00:42 Chunky monkey gets put on a diet Chunky monkey gets put on a diet A morbidly obese wild monkey in Thailand nicknamed 'Uncle Fat' has been rescued and put on a strict diet after being over-fed by tourists. Up Next Trump tells Russians that firing Comey eased pressure Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:43 Video duration 01:43 Trump tells Russians that firing Comey ... Trump tells Russians that firing Comey eased pressure Trump tells Russian officials that firing 'nut job' FBI director, James Comey has taken the pressure off. Up Next Rape charges against Assange dropped Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:37 Video duration 01:37 Rape charges against Assange dropped Rape charges against Assange dropped After seven years, the Swedish police have dropped it's investigation into a rape allegation made against Assange. More videos Trump calls Russia probe a 'witch hunt' President Donald Trump on Thursday called the probe into possible ties between his 2016 presidential campaign and Russia 'a witch hunt' that is doing damage to the country. The revelation comes as the investigation also appears to be entering a more overtly active phase, with investigators shifting from work that has remained largely hidden from the public to conducting interviews and using a grand jury to issue subpoenas. The intensity of the probe is expected to accelerate in the coming weeks, the people said. The sources emphasised that investigators remain keenly interested in people who previously wielded influence in the Trump campaign and administration but are no longer part of it, including former national security adviser Michael Flynn and former campaign chairman Paul Manafort. Related Content How will Trump chaos affect Australia's alliance with the US? Flynn resigned in February after disclosures that he had lied to administration officials about his contacts with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak. Current administration officials who have acknowledged contacts with Russian officials include Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner, as well as Cabinet members Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. People familiar with the investigation said the intensifying effort does not mean criminal charges are near, or that any such charges will result. Earlier this week, Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein appointed former FBI Director Robert Mueller to serve as special counsel and lead the investigation into Russian meddling. Advertisement It is unclear exactly how Mueller's leadership will affect the direction of the probe, and he is already bringing in new people to work on the team. Those familiar with the case said its significance had increased before Mueller's appointment. While the case began quietly last July as an effort to determine whether any Trump associates coordinated with Russian operatives to meddle in the presidential election campaign, the investigative work now being done by the FBI also includes determining whether any financial crimes were committed by people close to the president. The people familiar with the matter said the probe has sharpened into something more fraught for the White House, the FBI and the Justice Department - particularly because of the public steps investigators know they now need to take, the people said. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link An official close to Donald Trump is under scrutiny by the FBI. Photo: AP When subpoenas are issued or interviews are requested, it is possible the people being asked to talk or provide documents will reveal publicly what they were asked about. A small group of lawmakers known as the Gang of Eight were notified of the change in tempo and focus in the investigation at a classified briefing on Wednesday evening, the people familiar with the matter said. FBI Director James Comey had publicly confirmed the existence of the investigation in March. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link James Comey was fired as director of the FBI by Trump. Photo: AP Justice Department spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores said, "I can't confirm or deny the existence or non-existence of investigations or targets of investigations." An FBI spokesman declined to comment. White House spokesman Sean Spicer said, "as the president has stated before, a thorough investigation will confirm that there was no collusion between the campaign and any foreign entity.'' SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link former FBI Director Robert Mueller will serve as special counsel into Russian investigation. Photo: AP While there has been a loud public debate in recent days over the question of whether the president might have attempted to obstruct justice in his private dealings with FBI Director James Comey, who Trump fired last week, people familiar with the matter said investigators on the case are more focused on Russian influence operations and possible financial crimes. The FBI's investigation seeks to determine whether and to what extent Trump associates were in contact with Kremlin operatives, what business dealings they might have had in Russia, and whether they in any way facilitated the hacking and publishing of Democratic National Committee and Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta's emails during the presidential campaign. Several congressional committees are also investigating, though their probes could not produce criminal charges. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Jared Kushner admitted meeting the Russian ambassador. Photo: AP A grand jury in Alexandria, Virginia, recently issued a subpoena for records related to Flynn's business, The Flynn Intel Group, which had been paid more than $US500,000 by a company owned by a Turkish American businessman close to top Turkish officials, according to people familiar with the matter. The Flynn Intel Group was paid for research on Fethullah Gulen, a cleric who Turkey's current president believes was responsible for a coup attempt last summer. Flynn retroactively registered with the Justice Department in March as a paid foreign agent for Turkish interests. Separately from the probe now run by Mueller, Flynn is being investigated by the Pentagon's top watchdog for his foreign payments. Flynn also received $US45,000 to appear in 2015 with Russian President Vladimir Putin at a dinner for RT, a Kremlin-controlled media organisation. Flynn discussed US sanctions against Russia with Russia's ambassador to the United States during the month before President Donald Trump took office, and he withheld that fact from even Vice President Mike Pence. That prompted then Acting Attorney General Sally Yates to warn the White House's top lawyer he might be susceptible to blackmail. Flynn stepped down after The Washington Post reported on the contents of the call. The president has nonetheless seemed to defend his former adviser. A memo by fired FBI Director Comey alleged Trump even asked that the probe into Flynn be shut down. The White House also has acknowledged that Kushner met with Kislyak, the Russian ambassador to the US, in late November. Kushner also has acknowledged that he met with the head of a Russian development bank, Vnesheconombank, which has been under US sanctions since July 2014. The president's son in law initially omitted contacts with foreign leaders from a national security questionnaire, though his lawyer has said publicly he submitted the form prematurely and informed the FBI soon after he would provide an update. Vnesheconombank handles development for the state, and in early 2015, a man purporting to be one of its New York-based employees was arrested and accused of being an unregistered spy. That man - Evgeny Buryakov - ultimately pleaded guilty and was eventually deported. He had been in contact with former Trump adviser Carter Page, though Page has said he shared only "basic immaterial information and publicly available research documents" with the Russian. Page was the subject of a secret warrant last year issued by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, based on suspicions he might have been acting as an agent of the Russian government, according to people familiar with the matter. Page has denied any wrongdoing, and accused the government of violating his civil rights. Washington Post Advertisement Most Popular Trump told Russians firing 'nut job' Comey eased pressure Comey to testify to Senate in public Sweden drops Julian Assange rape investigation A certain kind of freedom Australian woman 'strip-searched and jailed' in Hawaii Follow Fairfax Foreign Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow The Age Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide World Sweden drops Julian Assange rape investigation Trump told Russians firing 'nut job' Comey eased pressure In the eye of the storm, Donald Trump has good reason to worry Comey tried to blend in with curtains when Trump entered the room Comey to testify to Senate in public The Age Shanghai match: Suns an international embarrassment Sweden drops Julian Assange rape investigation The cocaine-snorting businessman and the tax scam Can British Bunnings save the Wesfarmers renovation? Trump told Russians firing 'nut job' Comey eased pressure The Sydney Morning Herald The cocaine-snorting businessman and the tax scam Sweden drops Julian Assange rape investigation Curtis prepares for life outside of prison The secret emails Sydney University doesn't want you to see on college sex review A certain kind of freedom Brisbane Times Dinosaurs were minutes away from surviving extinction Two new $1.5 billion warships may have design flaws, navy chiefs reveal 'I regret chasing them': Student bashed as luxury car stolen Shanghai match: Suns an international embarrassment Wet weather tracks offshore, breaks Whitsunday records Canberra Times Canberra contractors 'disgusted' by ATO tax fraud scandal The cocaine-snorting businessman and the tax scam The $1000 rewards Canberrans aren't collecting The fizzy drink that has soft drink giants scrambling 5 things I hated hearing when I got divorced (but they were all true) WA Today WA ambos stood down for 'refusing to attend incident' Wife of Soundgarden's Chris Cornell calls suicide 'inexplicable' 'Something wasn't right' at Chris Cornell's final show, says reviewer Shanghai match: Suns an international embarrassment Perth company fined $56,000 for destroying native habitat Get Started Subscribe today for unlimited access from only 50c a day The Age Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition The AGE for iPad Today's Paper Subscribe Manage My Subscription Subscriber Hub Corporate Subscriptions Digital Subscription FAQs Good Food Guide The Store by Fairfax Newsletters The Age Sitemap About Us Contact Us Subscribers Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Classifieds Place an Ad Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Account Details News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback Info Save articles for later. Ok, Got it Info Subscribe for unlimited access to news. Login to save articles. Ok, Got it Info Return to the homepage by clicking on the site logo. Ok, Got it
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu WA Today World Login Sign-up Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News WA News WA Election 2017 National Environment Health Education Galleries Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News ACT News Queensland Sport AFL WA Sport Cricket Union Soccer NRL Racing Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business Politics Politics Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment View from the Street Blunt Instrument Obituaries Satire Heckler Entertainment Movies TV & Radio TV Guide Music Art Stage Books Your Perth Video Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Games Gadgets Smartphone Apps Mobiles Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site Home World May 20 2017 - 3:48AM Save Print Russia probe reaches White House official close to Donald Trump Devlin Barrett and Matt Zapotosky 17 reading now facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More The law enforcement investigation into possible coordination between Russia and the Trump campaign has identified a current White House official as a significant person of interest, showing that the probe is reaching into the highest levels of government, according to people familiar with the matter. The senior White House adviser under scrutiny by investigators is someone close to the president, according to these people, who would not further identify the official. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next If Trump 'took a dump on his desk' Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:10 More World News Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 01:02 Trump calls Russia probe a 'witch hunt' Trump calls Russia probe a 'witch hunt' President Donald Trump on Thursday called the probe into possible ties between his 2016 presidential campaign and Russia 'a witch hunt' that is doing damage to the country. Up Next If Trump 'took a dump on his desk' Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:10 Video duration 01:10 If Trump 'took a dump on his desk' If Trump 'took a dump on his desk' CNN anchor Anderson Cooper has apologised after remarking that Jeffrey Lord, a Trump supporter, would defend Trump after he 'Took a dump on his desk'. Up Next Fighter jets scrambled after man 'rushed cockpit' Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:56 Video duration 00:56 Fighter jets scrambled after man 'rushed ... Fighter jets scrambled after man 'rushed cockpit' Two US fighter jets were summoned to escort flight AA31 in the US after an unruly man was subdued by passengers and flight attendants, who used a drink cart to block him from the front of the plane. Up Next Assange's mother calls for the Australian government to provide safe passage Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:21 Video duration 01:21 Assange's mother calls for the Australian ... Assange's mother calls for the Australian government to provide safe passage Julian Assange's mother says the Australian government should help Assange now that the rape charges against him have been dropped. Up Next Schapelle Corby: life after Bali Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:50 Video duration 01:50 Schapelle Corby: life after Bali Schapelle Corby: life after Bali Now 39, Corby has spent the last three years on parole in Bali after serving almost 10 years of her original 20-year jail sentence inside the resort island's notorious Kerobokan prison. Up Next Chunky monkey gets put on a diet Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:42 Video duration 00:42 Chunky monkey gets put on a diet Chunky monkey gets put on a diet A morbidly obese wild monkey in Thailand nicknamed 'Uncle Fat' has been rescued and put on a strict diet after being over-fed by tourists. Up Next Trump tells Russians that firing Comey eased pressure Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:43 Video duration 01:43 Trump tells Russians that firing Comey ... Trump tells Russians that firing Comey eased pressure Trump tells Russian officials that firing 'nut job' FBI director, James Comey has taken the pressure off. Up Next Rape charges against Assange dropped Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:37 Video duration 01:37 Rape charges against Assange dropped Rape charges against Assange dropped After seven years, the Swedish police have dropped it's investigation into a rape allegation made against Assange. More videos Trump calls Russia probe a 'witch hunt' President Donald Trump on Thursday called the probe into possible ties between his 2016 presidential campaign and Russia 'a witch hunt' that is doing damage to the country. The revelation comes as the investigation also appears to be entering a more overtly active phase, with investigators shifting from work that has remained largely hidden from the public to conducting interviews and using a grand jury to issue subpoenas. The intensity of the probe is expected to accelerate in the coming weeks, the people said. The sources emphasised that investigators remain keenly interested in people who previously wielded influence in the Trump campaign and administration but are no longer part of it, including former national security adviser Michael Flynn and former campaign chairman Paul Manafort. Related Content How will Trump chaos affect Australia's alliance with the US? Flynn resigned in February after disclosures that he had lied to administration officials about his contacts with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak. Current administration officials who have acknowledged contacts with Russian officials include Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner, as well as Cabinet members Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. People familiar with the investigation said the intensifying effort does not mean criminal charges are near, or that any such charges will result. Earlier this week, Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein appointed former FBI Director Robert Mueller to serve as special counsel and lead the investigation into Russian meddling. Advertisement It is unclear exactly how Mueller's leadership will affect the direction of the probe, and he is already bringing in new people to work on the team. Those familiar with the case said its significance had increased before Mueller's appointment. While the case began quietly last July as an effort to determine whether any Trump associates coordinated with Russian operatives to meddle in the presidential election campaign, the investigative work now being done by the FBI also includes determining whether any financial crimes were committed by people close to the president. The people familiar with the matter said the probe has sharpened into something more fraught for the White House, the FBI and the Justice Department - particularly because of the public steps investigators know they now need to take, the people said. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link An official close to Donald Trump is under scrutiny by the FBI. Photo: AP When subpoenas are issued or interviews are requested, it is possible the people being asked to talk or provide documents will reveal publicly what they were asked about. A small group of lawmakers known as the Gang of Eight were notified of the change in tempo and focus in the investigation at a classified briefing on Wednesday evening, the people familiar with the matter said. FBI Director James Comey had publicly confirmed the existence of the investigation in March. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link James Comey was fired as director of the FBI by Trump. Photo: AP Justice Department spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores said, "I can't confirm or deny the existence or non-existence of investigations or targets of investigations." An FBI spokesman declined to comment. White House spokesman Sean Spicer said, "as the president has stated before, a thorough investigation will confirm that there was no collusion between the campaign and any foreign entity.'' SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link former FBI Director Robert Mueller will serve as special counsel into Russian investigation. Photo: AP While there has been a loud public debate in recent days over the question of whether the president might have attempted to obstruct justice in his private dealings with FBI Director James Comey, who Trump fired last week, people familiar with the matter said investigators on the case are more focused on Russian influence operations and possible financial crimes. The FBI's investigation seeks to determine whether and to what extent Trump associates were in contact with Kremlin operatives, what business dealings they might have had in Russia, and whether they in any way facilitated the hacking and publishing of Democratic National Committee and Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta's emails during the presidential campaign. Several congressional committees are also investigating, though their probes could not produce criminal charges. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Jared Kushner admitted meeting the Russian ambassador. Photo: AP A grand jury in Alexandria, Virginia, recently issued a subpoena for records related to Flynn's business, The Flynn Intel Group, which had been paid more than $US500,000 by a company owned by a Turkish American businessman close to top Turkish officials, according to people familiar with the matter. The Flynn Intel Group was paid for research on Fethullah Gulen, a cleric who Turkey's current president believes was responsible for a coup attempt last summer. Flynn retroactively registered with the Justice Department in March as a paid foreign agent for Turkish interests. Separately from the probe now run by Mueller, Flynn is being investigated by the Pentagon's top watchdog for his foreign payments. Flynn also received $US45,000 to appear in 2015 with Russian President Vladimir Putin at a dinner for RT, a Kremlin-controlled media organisation. Flynn discussed US sanctions against Russia with Russia's ambassador to the United States during the month before President Donald Trump took office, and he withheld that fact from even Vice President Mike Pence. That prompted then Acting Attorney General Sally Yates to warn the White House's top lawyer he might be susceptible to blackmail. Flynn stepped down after The Washington Post reported on the contents of the call. The president has nonetheless seemed to defend his former adviser. A memo by fired FBI Director Comey alleged Trump even asked that the probe into Flynn be shut down. The White House also has acknowledged that Kushner met with Kislyak, the Russian ambassador to the US, in late November. Kushner also has acknowledged that he met with the head of a Russian development bank, Vnesheconombank, which has been under US sanctions since July 2014. The president's son in law initially omitted contacts with foreign leaders from a national security questionnaire, though his lawyer has said publicly he submitted the form prematurely and informed the FBI soon after he would provide an update. Vnesheconombank handles development for the state, and in early 2015, a man purporting to be one of its New York-based employees was arrested and accused of being an unregistered spy. That man - Evgeny Buryakov - ultimately pleaded guilty and was eventually deported. He had been in contact with former Trump adviser Carter Page, though Page has said he shared only "basic immaterial information and publicly available research documents" with the Russian. Page was the subject of a secret warrant last year issued by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, based on suspicions he might have been acting as an agent of the Russian government, according to people familiar with the matter. Page has denied any wrongdoing, and accused the government of violating his civil rights. Washington Post Originally published on The Sydney Morning Herald as Russia probe reaches White House official close to Donald Trump. Advertisement Most Popular A certain kind of freedom Comey to testify to Senate in public Trump flees 'Russia thing' as Washington reels Australian woman 'strip-searched and jailed' in Hawaii 'Cardiac event': Teen dies after caffeine binge Follow Fairfax Foreign Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow WA Today Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide World Sweden drops Julian Assange rape investigation In the eye of the storm, Donald Trump has good reason to worry A certain kind of freedom Australian woman 'strip-searched and jailed' in Hawaii Comey to testify to Senate in public WA Today WA ambos stood down for 'refusing to attend incident' Wife of Soundgarden's Chris Cornell calls suicide 'inexplicable' 'Something wasn't right' at Chris Cornell's final show, says reviewer Shanghai match: Suns an international embarrassment Perth company fined $56,000 for destroying native habitat The Sydney Morning Herald The cocaine-snorting businessman and the tax scam Sweden drops Julian Assange rape investigation Curtis prepares for life outside of prison A certain kind of freedom The secret emails Sydney University doesn't want you to see on college sex review The Age Shanghai match: Suns an international embarrassment Sweden drops Julian Assange rape investigation The cocaine-snorting businessman and the tax scam Can British Bunnings save the Wesfarmers renovation? Trump told Russians firing 'nut job' Comey eased pressure Brisbane Times Dinosaurs were minutes away from surviving extinction Two new $1.5 billion warships may have design flaws, navy chiefs reveal 'I regret chasing them': Student bashed as luxury car stolen Shanghai match: Suns an international embarrassment Sweden drops Julian Assange rape investigation Canberra Times Canberra contractors 'disgusted' by ATO tax fraud scandal The cocaine-snorting businessman and the tax scam The $1000 rewards Canberrans aren't collecting The fizzy drink that has soft drink giants scrambling 5 things I hated hearing when I got divorced (but they were all true) WA Today Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide Newsletters WA Today Sitemap About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Classifieds Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Account Details News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In SUBSCRIBE NOW Get unlimited access to Globe.com today Menu SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Nation SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Metro Sports Business & Tech Opinion Politics Lifestyle Arts Cars Real Estate Most popular on bostonglobe.com Based on what you've read recently, you might be interested in theses stories From bad to worst: Celtics humiliated in Game 2 Celtics are the new tomato can in town Attorney general orders Malden charter school to stop punishing black students for hairstyles Comey agrees to testify in open session before Senate Intelligence Committee Today's Paper Magazine Obituaries Weather Comics Crossword The Big Picture Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Russia probe reaches current White House official, report says E-Mail Share via e-mail To Add a message Your e-mail Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Comments Print The Boston Globe Tweet Share EPA/MICHAEL REYNOLDS The White House. By Devlin Barrett and Matt Zapotosky The Washington Post  May 19, 2017 WASHINGTON - The law enforcement investigation into possible coordination between Russia and the Trump campaign has identified a current White House official as a significant person of interest, showing that the probe is reaching into the highest levels of government, according to people familiar with the matter. The senior White House adviser under scrutiny by investigators is someone close to the president, according to these people, who would not further identify the official. Advertisement The revelation comes as the investigation also appears to be entering a more overtly active phase, with investigators shifting from work that has remained largely hidden from the public to conducting interviews and using a grand jury to issue subpoenas. The intensity of the probe is expected to accelerate in the coming weeks, the people said. The sources emphasized that investigators remain keenly interested in people who previously wielded influence in the Trump campaign and administration but are no longer part of it, including former national security adviser Michael Flynn and former campaign chairman Paul Manafort. Get Ground Game in your inbox: Daily updates and analysis on national politics from James Pindell. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here Flynn resigned in February after disclosures that he had lied to administration officials about his contacts with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak. Current administration officials who have acknowledged contacts with Russian officials include Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner, as well as Cabinet members Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. People familiar with the investigation said the intensifying effort does not mean criminal charges are near, or that any such charges will result. Earlier this week, Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein appointed former FBI Director Robert Mueller to serve as special counsel and lead the investigation into Russian meddling. It is unclear exactly how Mueller’s leadership will affect the direction of the probe, and he is already bringing in new people to work on the team. Those familiar with the case said its significance had increased before Mueller’s appointment. Advertisement While the case began quietly last July as an effort to determine whether any Trump associates coordinated with Russian operatives to meddle in the presidential election campaign, the investigative work now being done by the FBI also includes determining whether any financial crimes were committed by people close to the president. The people familiar with the matter said the probe has sharpened into something more fraught for the White House, the FBI and the Justice Department - particularly because of the public steps investigators know they now need to take, the people said. When subpoenas are issued or interviews are requested, it is possible the people being asked to talk or provide documents will reveal publicly what they were asked about. A small group of lawmakers known as the Gang of Eight were notified of the change in tempo and focus in the investigation at a classified briefing on Wednesday evening, the people familiar with the matter said. FBI Director James Comey had publicly confirmed the existence of the investigation in March. Justice Department spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores said, ‘‘I can’t confirm or deny the existence or non-existence of investigations or targets of investigations.’’ An FBI spokesman declined to comment. White House spokesman Sean Spicer said, ‘‘as the president has stated before, a thorough investigation will confirm that there was no collusion between the campaign and any foreign entity.’’ While there has been a loud public debate in recent days over the question of whether the president might have attempted to obstruct justice in his private dealings with FBI Director James Comey, who Trump fired last week, people familiar with the matter said investigators on the case are more focused on Russian influence operations and possible financial crimes. The FBI’s investigation seeks to determine whether and to what extent Trump associates were in contact with Kremlin operatives, what business dealings they might have had in Russia, and whether they in any way facilitated the hacking and publishing of Democratic National Committee and Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta’s emails during the presidential campaign. Several congressional committees are also investigating, though their probes could not produce criminal charges. A grand jury in Alexandria, Virginia, recently issued a subpoena for records related to Flynn’s business, The Flynn Intel Group, which had been paid more than $500,000 by a company owned by a Turkish American businessman close to top Turkish officials, according to people familiar with the matter. The Flynn Intel Group was paid for research on Fethullah Gulen, a cleric who Turkey’s current president believes was responsible for a coup attempt last summer. Flynn retroactively registered with the Justice Department in March as a paid foreign agent for Turkish interests. Separately from the probe now run by Mueller, Flynn is being investigated by the Pentagon’s top watchdog for his foreign payments. Flynn also received $45,000 to appear in 2015 with Russian President Vladimir Putin at a dinner for RT, a Kremlin-controlled media organization. Flynn discussed U.S. sanctions against Russia with Russia’s ambassador to the United States during the month before President Donald Trump took office, and he withheld that fact from even Vice President Mike Pence. That prompted then Acting Attorney General Sally Yates to warn the White House’s top lawyer he might be susceptible to blackmail. Flynn stepped down after The Washington Post reported on the contents of the call. The president has nonetheless seemed to defend his former adviser. A memo by fired FBI Director Comey alleged Trump even asked that the probe into Flynn be shut down. The White House also has acknowledged that Kushner met with Kislyak, the Russian ambassador to the U.S., in late November. Kushner also has acknowledged that he met with the head of a Russian development bank, Vnesheconombank, which has been under U.S. sanctions since July 2014. The president’s son in law initially omitted contacts with foreign leaders from a national security questionnaire, though his lawyer has said publicly he submitted the form prematurely and informed the FBI soon after he would provide an update. Vnesheconombank handles development for the state, and in early 2015, a man purporting to be one of its New York-based employees was arrested and accused of being an unregistered spy. That man - Evgeny Buryakov - ultimately pleaded guilty and was eventually deported. He had been in contact with former Trump adviser Carter Page, though Page has said he shared only ‘‘basic immaterial information and publicly available research documents’’ with the Russian. Page was the subject of a secret warrant last year issued by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, based on suspicions he might have been acting as an agent of the Russian government, according to people familiar with the matter. Page has denied any wrongdoing, and accused the government of violating his civil rights. - - - The Washington Post’s Ellen Nakashima and Ashley Parker contributed to this report. russia-probe Loading comments... Top 10 Trending Articles Most Viewed Most Commented Most Shared Real journalists. Real journalism. Subscribe to The Boston Globe today. My Account Log in Manage my Account Mobile Customer Service Sign Up For Newsletters Contact Help FAQs Globe newsroom Advertise Social Facebook Twitter Google+ More ePaper News in Education Archives Privacy policy Terms of service Terms of purchase Work at Boston Globe Media © 2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC One free article left. Subscribe now → You have one free article left. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now → Last free article. Subscribe now → This is your last free article. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now → We hope you've enjoyed your free articles. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Already a member? Log in Home Wake up with today’s top stories Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds. Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Thanks for signing up Browse our full list of free Globe newsletters Return to your story Close Subscriber Log In We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles' Continue reading by subscribing to BostonGlobe.com for just 99¢. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just $.99¢ Stay informed with unlimited access to Boston’s trusted news source. High-quality journalism from the region’s largest newsroom Convenient access across all of your devices Today’s Headlines daily newsletter Subscriber-only access to exclusive offers, events, contests, eBooks, and more Less than 25¢ a week GET FULL ACCESS NOW GET FULL ACCESS NOW
News Sports Entertainment Classifieds 75° Full Menu 75° Home Customer Service Customer Service Subscribe Activate Your Account Account Support E-Edition Mobile Apps Newsletters The Sun News Store FAQ Cancel SunValues Delivery Tourism Site Plan All Tourist Info Vacation Planner Calendar Where to Stay Ask a Local Festivals Guide Best of the Area Play Nightlife Golf Shopping Shows Myrtle Beach Blog Restaurants Obituaries News All News Local News Crime/Courts Business State News Nation/World Weird News More News Politics Neighbors Myrtle Beach Bike Rallies Submit A News Tip Issac Bailey Tourism News Real Estate News Sports All Sports High Schools Coastal Carolina Recreation Golf MB Pelicans Auto Racing More Sports College Sports NFL MLB MB Marathon Toast Of The Coast Green Reading Blog The Roost Blog Politics Politics Opinion All Opinion Letters To The Editor Submit A Letter Editorial Cartoons Columns & Blogs A Different World Celia Rivenbark Bob Bestler The Editor's Desk Living All Living Coasting Neighbors Food Best Of The Beach Announcements Religion Travel Pets Home & Garden Entertainment All Entertainment Kicks! Best Of The Beach Movies Calendar Contests More Entertainment Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Celebrities Music TV Surge Legals Cars Jobs Moonlighting Homes Classifieds Classified Ads Shopping About Us facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:45 XCON World at MB Convention Center Pause 1:16 Timeline: Coastal Carolina University cheerleading team investigation 0:31 Shooting Suspect Detained on Hawthorne Lane 1:55 Residents weigh in on school board's proposed raises 1:44 Burnouts, contests, games - bikers revel in Spring Rally festivities 1:13 Flaunt Girls perform for Bike Rally crowd 1:20 Surveillance video shows woman jumping out of trunk after kidnapping 0:09 A beautiful picture at sunset of a recent fishing trip 1:31 Area baseball, softball teams head down home stretch 3:56 21 recipients honored with Presidential Medal of Freedom Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email From Secretary of State Rex Tillerson to former campaign director Paul Manafort, President Donald Trump's allies have business and personal connections to Russia. As Congress and the FBI look into Russia's involvement with the 2016 election, those connections are increasingly under a microscope. Natalie Fertig and Patrick Gleason McClatchy From Secretary of State Rex Tillerson to former campaign director Paul Manafort, President Donald Trump's allies have business and personal connections to Russia. As Congress and the FBI look into Russia's involvement with the 2016 election, those connections are increasingly under a microscope. Natalie Fertig and Patrick Gleason McClatchy Politics & Government May 19, 2017 3:25 PM Russia probe reaches current White House official, people familiar with the case say By Devlin Barrett and Matt Zapotosky The Washington Post LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story WASHINGTON The law enforcement investigation into possible coordination between Russia and the Trump campaign has identified a current White House official as a significant person of interest, showing that the probe is reaching into the highest levels of government, according to people familiar with the matter. The senior White House adviser under scrutiny by investigators is someone close to the president, according to these people, who would not further identify the official. The revelation comes as the investigation also appears to be entering a more overtly active phase, with investigators shifting from work that has remained largely hidden from the public to conducting interviews and using a grand jury to issue subpoenas. The intensity of the probe is expected to accelerate in the coming weeks, the people said. The sources emphasized that investigators remain keenly interested in people who previously wielded influence in the Trump campaign and administration but are no longer part of it, including former national security adviser Michael Flynn and former campaign chairman Paul Manafort. Flynn resigned in February after disclosures that he had lied to administration officials about his contacts with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak. Current administration officials who have acknowledged contacts with Russian officials include Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner, as well as Cabinet members Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. People familiar with the investigation said the intensifying effort does not mean criminal charges are near, or that any such charges will result. Earlier this week, Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein appointed former FBI Director Robert Mueller to serve as special counsel and lead the investigation into Russian meddling. It is unclear exactly how Mueller's leadership will affect the direction of the probe, and he is already bringing in new people to work on the team. Those familiar with the case said its significance had increased before Mueller's appointment. While the case began quietly last July as an effort to determine whether any Trump associates coordinated with Russian operatives to meddle in the presidential election campaign, the investigative work now being done by the FBI also includes determining whether any financial crimes were committed by people close to the president. The people familiar with the matter said the probe has sharpened into something more fraught for the White House, the FBI and the Justice Department - particularly because of the public steps investigators know they now need to take, the people said. When subpoenas are issued or interviews are requested, it is possible the people being asked to talk or provide documents will reveal publicly what they were asked about. Read More Firing 'nut job' Comey eased the pressure, document says Trump told the Russians A small group of lawmakers known as the Gang of Eight were notified of the change in tempo and focus in the investigation at a classified briefing on Wednesday evening, the people familiar with the matter said. FBI Director James Comey had publicly confirmed the existence of the investigation in March. Justice Department spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores said, "I can't confirm or deny the existence or non-existence of investigations or targets of investigations." An FBI spokesman declined to comment. White House spokesman Sean Spicer said, "as the president has stated before, a thorough investigation will confirm that there was no collusion between the campaign and any foreign entity.'' facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:45 XCON World at MB Convention Center Pause 1:16 Timeline: Coastal Carolina University cheerleading team investigation 0:31 Shooting Suspect Detained on Hawthorne Lane 1:55 Residents weigh in on school board's proposed raises 1:44 Burnouts, contests, games - bikers revel in Spring Rally festivities 1:13 Flaunt Girls perform for Bike Rally crowd 1:20 Surveillance video shows woman jumping out of trunk after kidnapping 0:09 A beautiful picture at sunset of a recent fishing trip 1:31 Area baseball, softball teams head down home stretch 3:56 21 recipients honored with Presidential Medal of Freedom Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email Get up to speed on the unfolding Trump-Comey saga Then-FBI Director James Comey announced on March 9 that the FBI was investigating possible collusion between the Trump campaign and Russian agents. On May 9, President Trump fired the FBI director, igniting an outcry that grew from just Democrats to include some Republican lawmakers as well. Natalie Fertig McClatchy While there has been a loud public debate in recent days over the question of whether the president might have attempted to obstruct justice in his private dealings with FBI Director James Comey, who Trump fired last week, people familiar with the matter said investigators on the case are more focused on Russian influence operations and possible financial crimes. The FBI's investigation seeks to determine whether and to what extent Trump associates were in contact with Kremlin operatives, what business dealings they might have had in Russia, and whether they in any way facilitated the hacking and publishing of Democratic National Committee and Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta's emails during the presidential campaign. Several congressional committees are also investigating, though their probes could not produce criminal charges. A grand jury in Alexandria, Virginia, recently issued a subpoena for records related to Flynn's business, The Flynn Intel Group, which had been paid more than $500,000 by a company owned by a Turkish American businessman close to top Turkish officials, according to people familiar with the matter. The Flynn Intel Group was paid for research on Fethullah Gulen, a cleric who Turkey's current president believes was responsible for a coup attempt last summer. Flynn retroactively registered with the Justice Department in March as a paid foreign agent for Turkish interests. Separately from the probe now run by Mueller, Flynn is being investigated by the Pentagon's top watchdog for his foreign payments. Flynn also received $45,000 to appear in 2015 with Russian President Vladimir Putin at a dinner for RT, a Kremlin-controlled media organization. Flynn discussed U.S. sanctions against Russia with Russia's ambassador to the United States during the month before President Donald Trump took office, and he withheld that fact from even Vice President Mike Pence. That prompted then Acting Attorney General Sally Yates to warn the White House's top lawyer he might be susceptible to blackmail. Flynn stepped down after The Washington Post reported on the contents of the call. The president has nonetheless seemed to defend his former adviser. A memo by fired FBI Director Comey alleged Trump even asked that the probe into Flynn be shut down. The White House also has acknowledged that Kushner met with Kislyak, the Russian ambassador to the U.S., in late November. Kushner also has acknowledged that he met with the head of a Russian development bank, Vnesheconombank, which has been under U.S. sanctions since July 2014. The president's son in law initially omitted contacts with foreign leaders from a national security questionnaire, though his lawyer has said publicly he submitted the form prematurely and informed the FBI soon after he would provide an update. Vnesheconombank handles development for the state, and in early 2015, a man purporting to be one of its New York-based employees was arrested and accused of being an unregistered spy. That man - Evgeny Buryakov - ultimately pleaded guilty and was eventually deported. He had been in contact with former Trump adviser Carter Page, though Page has said he shared only "basic immaterial information and publicly available research documents" with the Russian. Page was the subject of a secret warrant last year issued by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, based on suspicions he might have been acting as an agent of the Russian government, according to people familiar with the matter. Page has denied any wrongdoing, and accused the government of violating his civil rights. The Washington Post's Ellen Nakashima and Ashley Parker contributed to this report. President Donald Trump and first lady Melania Trump walk across the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, Friday, May 19, 2017, before boarding Marine One for a short trip to Andrews Air Force Base, Md. Trump is leaving for his first foreign trip, visiting Saudi Arabia, Israel, Vatican, and a pair of summits in Brussels and Sicily. Andrew Harnik AP LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:45 XCON World at MB Convention Center Pause 1:16 Timeline: Coastal Carolina University cheerleading team investigation 0:31 Shooting Suspect Detained on Hawthorne Lane 1:55 Residents weigh in on school board's proposed raises 1:44 Burnouts, contests, games - bikers revel in Spring Rally festivities 1:13 Flaunt Girls perform for Bike Rally crowd 1:20 Surveillance video shows woman jumping out of trunk after kidnapping 0:09 A beautiful picture at sunset of a recent fishing trip 1:31 Area baseball, softball teams head down home stretch 3:56 21 recipients honored with Presidential Medal of Freedom Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 6 months ago 21 recipients honored with Presidential Medal of Freedom 3:56 6 months ago 21 recipients honored with Presidential Medal of Freedom 1:32 8 months ago There's a vice presidential debate Tuesday. Really. 7:35 10 months ago Donald Trump speaks about North Carolina issues View More Video Politics & Government Special counsel probe could reach into Trump’s business empire Meet the Democratic Party’s new kingmaker – a liberal blog Firing 'nut job' Comey eased the pressure, document says Trump told the Russians Colorado governor pardons felon to stave off deportation The Latest: Passengers say man acted oddly before takeoff Politics & Government Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Shopping Local Deals More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets closed S&P 500 2,381.73 +16.01 (+0.68%) Dow 30 20,804.84 +141.82 (+0.69%) Nasdaq 6,083.70 +28.57 (+0.47%) Today's Charts Foot Locker stock tumbles; Nvidia gets a bullish call; Deere soars on earnings beat Op-Ed: Professor who predicted Trump win says Pence should be investigated too Prof. Allan Lichtman CNBC May 19, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share President Donald Trump has called the media "the enemy of the American people," but Vice President Mike Pence must think that they are his best friends. So far, Pence had received a free pass from much of the media for his false statements to the American people. According to a now standard account, Pence is the innocent victim of deceptions by others – former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn and the president himself. But this is supposition only, with no hard evidence behind it. It is equally plausible that Pence is complicit in the lies propagated by the Trump administration and perhaps even involved in a cover-up of potentially impeachable transgressions. That's why he must be investigated thoroughly by the Congress and the FBI along with the president and other members of the Trump campaign team and administration. For a seasoned politician who served for 12 years in Congress and three years as governor of Indiana, Pence has seemed remarkably easy to fool. Supposedly, Mike Flynn fooled Pence into affirming that Flynn's conversations with Soviet Ambassador Sergey Kislyak were "strictly coincidental" and had nothing "to do with United States' decision to expel diplomats or impose censure against Russia." Flynn's alleged lying to Pence provided a convenient cover story for Trump's firing of the National Security Advisor. It enabled Trump to shirk the much more serious charge that the Russians had compromised Flynn as Acting Attorney General Sally Yates had warned the White House counsel 18 days before. Pence was allegedly fooled again when he said that Trump fired FBI Director Comey because he accepted "the recommendation of the deputy attorney general and the attorney general." Trump later admitted that he had intended to sack Comey before he received any Justice Department recommendations and that "this Russia thing with Trump" was on his mind when he made the firing decision. The theory of Pence as innocent victim lacks credibility because he has a history of lying that extends from his candidacy to his tenure as vice president. None of these lies can be blamed on anyone else's deception. A PolitiFact comparison of vice presidential candidates during the 2016 campaign rated 42 percent of Pence's statements as mostly false or false, compared to 23 percent for Democratic candidate Tim Kaine. For example, on July 24, 2016, Pence said that Hillary Clinton "took 13 hours to send help to Americans under fire" during the terrorist attack in Benghazi. In fact, Hillary Clinton and the State Department had nothing to do with the response to the Benghazi attack. That responsibility fell upon the Defense Department, as the government-savvy Pence should have known full well. In this vice-presidential debate, Pence charged that "less than 10 cents on the dollar from the Clinton Foundation goes to charitable causes." Yet the American Institute of Philanthropy's Charity Watch reported that the Foundation spends 88 percent of the money it raises on charitable services and only 12 percent on overhead. As vice president on March 9, 2017, Pence said that regarding stories about Flynn's lobbying for Turkey, "Hearing that story today was the first I'd heard of it." Yet Pence was the head of the transition team that recommended Flynn for National Security Adviser and news reports in November 2016 had disclosed Flynn's lobbying for Turkey. Beyond press reports, on November 18, 2016, Democratic Representative Elijah Cummings, the ranking member of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, sent a letter to Pence warning: "Recent news reports have revealed that Lt. Gen. Flynn was receiving classified briefings during the presidential campaign while his consulting firm, Flynn Intel Group, Inc., was being paid to lobby the U.S. Government on behalf of a foreign government's interests. … Lt. Gen. Flynn's General Counsel and Principal, Robert Kelley, confirmed that they were hired by a foreign company to lobby for Turkish interests" Lies spoken softly by Mike Pence are no less insidious than lies bellowed and blustered by Donald Trump. Pence must be part of all investigations of the Trump administration. Under Article 4, Section 2 of the constitution, a vice president no less than a president is subject to impeachment. Commentary by Allan Lichtman distinguished professor of history at American University in Washington, DC and author of the new book The Case for Impeachment. Lichtman is known for a model he developed that has accurately forecast the outcome of every presidential contest since 1984, including Trump's recent win. Follow him on Twitter @ AllanLichtman. Follow CNBC's Opinion section on Twitter @CNBCopinion. More From CNBC The House may need to vote on health care — again This 'product by product' look at NAFTA reveals the industries in Trump's sights Russians hoping to keep dealings with Trump secret will get found out, academic says Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Ivanka Trump 'receives permission to fly on Sabbath' for father's trip abroad The Independent Multiple bombshells hit Trump after he boards plane, internet asks #HasDonaldLandedYet Mashable Kushner personally intervened in $110 billion arms deal to get Saudi Arabia a better price Business Insider Trump reportedly wants to make a move that experts say could make Obamacare 'explode' Business Insider This Video of Comey Trying to Hide From Trump Is So Hilarious to Watch Now Popsugar US Police: 3 men stole car, killed 6-year-old in back seat Associated Press McDonald's changed its vanilla ice cream 6 months ago, and nobody noticed CNBC David Ortiz: 'It's so easy to blow money' Yahoo Finance Comey So 'Disgusted' by Trump He Tried to Hide in White House Curtains to Avoid Him Newsweek Nvidia Horus Yahoo Finance Video Cooperman: There are 4 things to worry about when you look at the stock market Yahoo Finance A top FBI agent explains why hackers are 'a little ahead' Yahoo Finance Today's charts: Foot Locker stock tumbles; Nvidia gets a bullish call; Deere soars on earnings beat Yahoo Finance Matthew Perry reveals the 'Friends' story line he had to kill Business Insider Nvidia-GTC-2017-Corrected Yahoo Finance Video Elite student loan app SoFi is getting into wealth management Yahoo Finance Approval of President Trump drops to lowest since inauguration: Reuters/Ipsos poll NM Pagan: I am really sick of the BS this president keep spewing along with all the lies. He should just resign since it is obvious the job is was above his ability to do. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2.4k
Menu Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate President Donald Trump walks out of the Oval Office of the White House in Washington on Friday to board Marine One for a short trip to Andrews Air Force Base, Maryland. Trump was leaving for his first foreign trip — to Saudi Arabia, Israel, the Vatican and summits in Brussels and Sicily. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais) Sources: Russia investigators scrutinize White House official Fri May 19th, 2017 1:07pm News You must sign in or register to continue reading content. By Devlin Barrett and Matt Zapotosky / The Washington Post WASHINGTON — The law enforcement investigation into possible coordination between Russia and the Trump campaign has identified a current White House official as a significant person of interest, showing that the probe is reaching into the highest levels of government, according to people familiar with the matter. The senior White House adviser under scrutiny by investigators is someone close to the president, according to these people, who would not further identify the official. The revelation comes as the investigation also appears to be entering a more overtly active phase, with investigators shifting from work that has remained largely hidden from the public to conducting interviews and using a grand jury to issue subpoenas. The intensity of the probe is expected to accelerate in the coming weeks, the people said. The sources emphasized that investigators remain keenly interested in people who previously wielded influence in the Trump campaign and administration but are no longer part of it, including former national security adviser Michael Flynn and former campaign chairman Paul Manafort. Flynn resigned in February after disclosures that he had lied to administration officials about his contacts with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak. Current administration officials who have acknowledged contacts with Russian officials include Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner, as well as Cabinet members Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. People familiar with the investigation said the intensifying effort does not mean criminal charges are near, or that any such charges will result. Earlier this week, Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein appointed former FBI Director Robert Mueller to serve as special counsel and lead the investigation into Russian meddling. It is unclear exactly how Mueller’s leadership will affect the direction of the probe, and he is already bringing in new people to work on the team. Those familiar with the case said its significance had increased before Mueller’s appointment. While the case began quietly last July as an effort to determine whether any Trump associates coordinated with Russian operatives to meddle in the presidential election campaign, the investigative work now being done by the FBI also includes determining whether any financial crimes were committed by people close to the president. The people familiar with the matter said the probe has sharpened into something more fraught for the White House, the FBI and the Justice Department — particularly because of the public steps investigators know they now need to take, the people said. When subpoenas are issued or interviews are requested, it is possible the people being asked to talk or provide documents will reveal publicly what they were asked about. A small group of lawmakers known as the Gang of Eight were notified of the change in tempo and focus in the investigation at a classified briefing on Wednesday evening, the people familiar with the matter said. FBI Director James Comey had publicly confirmed the existence of the investigation in March. Justice Department spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores said, “I can’t confirm or deny the existence or non-existence of investigations or targets of investigations.” An FBI spokesman declined to comment. White House spokesman Sean Spicer said, “as the president has stated before, a thorough investigation will confirm that there was no collusion between the campaign and any foreign entity.” While there has been a loud public debate in recent days over the question of whether the president might have attempted to obstruct justice in his private dealings with FBI Director James Comey, who Trump fired last week, people familiar with the matter said investigators on the case are more focused on Russian influence operations and possible financial crimes. The FBI’s investigation seeks to determine whether and to what extent Trump associates were in contact with Kremlin operatives, what business dealings they might have had in Russia, and whether they in any way facilitated the hacking and publishing of Democratic National Committee and Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta’s emails during the presidential campaign. Several congressional committees are also investigating, though their probes could not produce criminal charges. A grand jury in Alexandria, Virginia, recently issued a subpoena for records related to Flynn’s business, The Flynn Intel Group, which had been paid more than $500,000 by a company owned by a Turkish American businessman close to top Turkish officials, according to people familiar with the matter. The Flynn Intel Group was paid for research on Fethullah Gulen, a cleric who Turkey’s current president believes was responsible for a coup attempt last summer. Flynn retroactively registered with the Justice Department in March as a paid foreign agent for Turkish interests. Separately from the probe now run by Mueller, Flynn is being investigated by the Pentagon’s top watchdog for his foreign payments. Flynn also received $45,000 to appear in 2015 with Russian President Vladimir Putin at a dinner for RT, a Kremlin-controlled media organization. Flynn discussed U.S. sanctions against Russia with Russia’s ambassador to the United States during the month before President Donald Trump took office, and he withheld that fact from even Vice President Mike Pence. That prompted then Acting Attorney General Sally Yates to warn the White House’s top lawyer he might be susceptible to blackmail. Flynn stepped down after The Washington Post reported on the contents of the call. The president has nonetheless seemed to defend his former adviser. A memo by fired FBI Director Comey alleged Trump even asked that the probe into Flynn be shut down. The White House also has acknowledged that Kushner met with Kislyak, the Russian ambassador to the U.S., in late November. Kushner also has acknowledged that he met with the head of a Russian development bank, Vnesheconombank, which has been under U.S. sanctions since July 2014. The president’s son in law initially omitted contacts with foreign leaders from a national security questionnaire, though his lawyer has said publicly he submitted the form prematurely and informed the FBI soon after he would provide an update. Vnesheconombank handles development for the state, and in early 2015, a man purporting to be one of its New York-based employees was arrested and accused of being an unregistered spy. That man — Evgeny Buryakov — ultimately pleaded guilty and was eventually deported. He had been in contact with former Trump adviser Carter Page, though Page has said he shared only “basic immaterial information and publicly available research documents” with the Russian. Page was the subject of a secret warrant last year issued by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, based on suspicions he might have been acting as an agent of the Russian government, according to people familiar with the matter. Page has denied any wrongdoing, and accused the government of violating his civil rights. The Washington Post’s Ellen Nakashima and Ashley Parker contributed to this report.   Most Read Deputy pleads guilty to crash that cost man his legs EVERETT — A Snohomish County sheriff’s deputy who caused a crash that… May 18th, 2017 by Diana Hefley Retiring Everett school bus driver gets taken for a ride EVERETT — The Everett School District’s bus drivers decided to send their… May 18th, 2017 by Chris Winters Everett’s fire chief leaving for another post after 4 months EVERETT — It wasn’t a long tenure. Everett Fire Chief Eric Hicks… May 18th, 2017 by Eric Stevick Editorial: A checkup for Everett Clinic’s new owners By The Herald Editorial Board DaVita, the Denver-based Fortune 500 health care… May 18th, 2017 Petri Dish When it came to car tabs, not all lawmakers read the fine print OLYMPIA — It’s pretty clear those running Sound Transit aren’t seizing the… May 18th, 2017 by Jerry Cornfield © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site Map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Social Media
Subscribe & Save 33% Off the cover price Subscribe Now Gift Subscription Subscription Services Washington Monthly Newsletter Get email updates from the Washington Monthly. Sign Up The Magazine Group Current Issue Past Issues Group Political Animal Politics 2016 College Guide and Rankings Economy Government Education K-12 Higher Education Law and Justice Health Care Books Group Republic 3.0 Special Reports Successes of Philanthropy Column 2 About Advertise Contact Careers Privacy Policy Donate Subscribe Share Tweet Print Email Pence’s Claims of Ignorance Come With Risks by Nancy LeTourneau May 19, 2017 10:00 AM Political Animal Gage Skidmore/Flickr Donate Subscribe Share Tweet Print Email One of the tactics that is often employed by politicians who find themselves surrounded by scandal is to claim ignorance. That is essentially the line employed by Ronald Reagan to get himself out from under the whole Iran/Contra scandal that emerged during his second term. And it is now the defense being employed by Vice President Pence when it comes to questions surfacing from the Trump/Russia probe. Vice President Mike Pence has been kept in the dark about former National Security Adviser Mike Flynn’s alleged wrongdoing, according to a source close to the administration, who cited a potential “pattern” of not informing the vice president and calling it “malpractice or intentional, and either are unacceptable.”… This would be the second time that Pence claims he was kept in the dark about possible Flynn wrongdoings, despite the White House’s alleged knowledge of them. Earlier this year, Pence said he was not made aware of Flynn’s discussions with Russian officials until 15 days after Trump and the White House were notified. It is especially important to keep in mind that one of the recent reports is that Michael Flynn told Trump’s transition team that he was the subject of a federal investigation for his ties to Turkey. Mike Pence was the person Trump put in charge of his transition team. So it would have required a rather elaborate scheme to keep the news from him, which this source called “malpractice or intentional.” One might wonder who this person, probably speaking on behalf of Pence, is pointing to as the culprit. That is a serious accusation to make against the rest of the team. The truth is that this defense of Pence strains credulity. During the transition, both the Daily Caller and Politico reported that Flynn’s consulting firm, Flynn Intel Group Inc., had been hired to lobby for Turkish interests. Four days later, Rep. Elijah Cummings wrote a letter to Pence requesting more information about the potential conflicts of interest posed by Flynn’s lobbying work. That was in mid-November. In March, when Flynn actually registered as a foreign lobbyist, Pence told Bret Baier that was the first he’d heard about it. Here’s what the source for the story above says about that now: Asked about a letter from Rep. Elijah Cummings to Pence on November 18 that warned the transition team about Flynn’s work for Turkey, the source asserted: “I’m not sure we saw the letter.” We can see from all of this that there are the risks associated with a claim of ignorance. It requires the politician to attack associates for keeping them in the dark and/or alluding to incompetence — like not reading a letter from the ranking member of the House Committee on Oversight and Reform. As this scandal heats up, Pence will have to walk a fine line between his role as loyal foot soldier to Trump and pretending to be an ignorant bystander in order to protect his future political ambitions. At some point, he’ll have to chose one or the other. When/if he decides on the latter, no one should give him a pass for pretending ignorance. Nancy LeTourneau Nancy LeTourneau is a contributing writer for the Washington Monthly. Related Posts Michael Vadon/Flickr Trump Is Incapable of Thinking Strategically or Hitting a Reset by Nancy LeTourneau May 19, 2017 8:00 AM The appointment of a special prosecutor doesn't change that in any substantial way. iStock Trump Is Ignoring America's Looming Cybersecurity Threat by Anne Kim May 19, 2017 Our federal agencies are woefully underprepared to withstand a major cyberattack. Quick Takes: House May Have to Vote on Obamacare Repeal Again by Nancy LeTourneau May 18, 2017 6:17 PM A round-up of news that caught my eye today. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Most Popular Political Animal Trump is Being Taken Apart, Step By Step by Martin Longman May 17, 2017 1:30 PM Leaks from the Intelligence Community are designed to remove the president from power. Political Animal Preet Bharara Is on the Warpath Against Trump by Martin Longman May 15, 2017 3:00 PM Does Preet Bharara know something that we don't? Political Animal Republicans Should Pay Attention to What Trump Does to His Defenders by Nancy LeTourneau May 15, 2017 1:30 PM This president is loyal only to his own aggrandizement. Political Animal Flynn’s Job Was to Set Up Back Channel Access Between Putin and Trump by Nancy LeTourneau May 18, 2017 10:01 AM This explains why the president went to such lengths to hire and protect Michael Flynn. Politics The Real Lawless President by John Stoehr May 17, 2017 Republicans better start taking Trump's monumental unfitness seriously. Washington Monthly Newsletter Get email updates from the Washington Monthly. Sign Up Donate Subscribe Washington Monthly Newsletter Get email updates from the Washington Monthly. Sign Up The Magazine Group Current Issue Past Issues Group Political Animal Politics 2016 College Guide and Rankings Economy Government Education K-12 Higher Education Law and Justice Health Care Books Group Republic 3.0 Special Reports Successes of Philanthropy Column 2 About Advertise Contact Careers Privacy Policy © 2017 Washington Monthly.
Continue to site Snapshots Star Tribune A bald eagle takes flight from a tree near Lake Calhoun in Minneapolis. Photo: David Joles/Star Tribune Buy Print BUY Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Pinterest SHARE About ABOUT Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Archives: 150+ years Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Super Bowl LII Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev Trump told Russians in Oval Office that firing 'nut job' FBI director eased pressure Metro Transit officer asking about legal status prompts probe Facing impasse, Gov. Dayton calls state of budget 'clear as mud' Charges: Wayzata couple ran national sex trafficking ring from Lake Minnetonka home Minneapolis Somali mall proprietors say crime is driving customers away Massive FBI child porn probe has lawyers asking: Does end justify means? Passengers, flight attendants subdue man on LA-to-Hawaii flight, bringing fighter jets Vargas delivers in a pinch before Twins beat Royals in 10 innings Bud Grant celebrates 90th birthday with humor, tips on his longevity Actor Scott Baio sets social media ablaze over Brainerd yearbook's anti-Trump entry Have mercy: Gophers rout Louisiana Tech 11-3 in NCAA softball opener next 423204473 Russia probe reaches current White House official, sources say By Devlin Barrett and Matt Zapotosky Washington Post May 19, 2017 — 10:16pm Alex Brandon &#x2022; Associated Press First lady Melania Trump, left, President Donald Trump, and U.S. Air Force Col. Casey D. Eaton, Commander, 89th Airlift Wing, walk to Air Force One at Andrews Air Force Base, Md., Friday, May 19, 2017, prior to Trump’s departure on his first overseas trip. Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint WASHINGTON – The law enforcement investigation into possible coordination between Russia and the Trump campaign has identified a current White House official as a significant person of interest, showing that the probe is reaching into the highest levels of government, according to people familiar with the matter. The senior White House adviser under scrutiny by investigators is someone close to the president, according to these people, who would not further identify the official. The revelation comes as the investigation appears to be entering a more overtly active phase, with investigators shifting from work that has remained largely hidden from the public to conducting interviews and using a grand jury to issue subpoenas. The intensity of the probe is expected to accelerate in the coming weeks, the people said. The sources emphasized that investigators remain keenly interested in people who previously wielded influence in the Trump campaign and administration but are no longer part of it, including former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn and former campaign chairman Paul Manafort. Flynn resigned in February after disclosures that he had lied to administration officials about his contacts with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak. Current administration officials who have acknowledged contacts with Russian officials include President Donald Trump's son-in-law, Jared Kushner, as well as Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. People familiar with the investigation said the intensifying effort does not mean that criminal charges are near, or that any such charges will result. Earlier this week, Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein appointed former FBI Director Robert Mueller to serve as special counsel and lead the investigation into Russian ­meddling. Andrew Harnik &#x2022; Associated Press President Trump and First Lady Melania Trump left for Saudi Arabia on Friday; Vice President Pence saw them off at the White House. It is unclear exactly how Mueller's leadership will affect the direction of the probe, and he is already bringing in new people to work on the team. Those familiar with the case said its significance had increased before Mueller's appointment. Although the case began quietly last July as an effort to determine whether any Trump associates coordinated with Russian operatives to meddle in the campaign, the investigative work now being done by the FBI also includes determining whether any financial crimes were committed by people close to the president. The people familiar with the matter said the probe has sharpened into something more fraught for the White House, the FBI and the ­Justice Department — particularly because of the public steps investigators know they now need to take, the people said. When subpoenas are issued or interviews are requested, it is possible the people being asked to talk or provide documents will reveal publicly what they were asked about. A small group of lawmakers known as the Gang of Eight was notified of the change in the investigation's tempo and focus at a classified briefing Wednesday, the people familiar with the matter said. Then-FBI Director James Comey publicly confirmed the existence of the investigation in March. Justice Department spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores would not "confirm or deny" any of this report. An FBI spokesman declined to comment. White House spokesman Sean Spicer said, "As the president has stated before, a thorough investigation will confirm that there was no collusion between the campaign and any foreign entity." While there has been a loud public debate in recent days over the question of whether the president might have attempted to obstruct justice in his private dealings with Comey, whom Trump fired last week, people familiar with the matter said investigators are more focused on Russian influence operations and possible financial crimes. The FBI's investigation seeks to determine whether and to what extent Trump associates were in contact with Kremlin operatives, what business dealings they might have had in Russia, and whether they in any way facilitated the hacking and publishing of e-mails from the Democratic National Committee and Hillary Clinton's campaign chairman, John Podesta, during the presidential campaign. Several congressional committees also are investigating, though their probes could not produce criminal charges. A grand jury in Alexandria, Va., recently issued a subpoena for records related to Flynn's business, the Flynn Intel Group, which was paid more than $500,000 by a company owned by a Turkish American businessman close to top Turkish officials, according to people familiar with the matter. The Flynn Intel Group was paid for research on Fethullah Gulen, a cleric who Turkey's current president believes was responsible for a coup attempt last summer. Flynn retroactively registered with the Justice Department in March as a paid foreign agent for ­Turkish interests. Separately from Mueller's probe, Flynn is being investigated by the Pentagon's top watchdog for his foreign payments. Flynn also received $45,000 to appear in 2015 with Russian President Vladimir Putin at a dinner for RT, a Kremlin-controlled media organization. Flynn discussed U.S. sanctions against Russia with Russia's ambassador to the U.S. the month before Trump took office, and he withheld that fact from the vice president. That prompted then-acting Attorney General Sally Yates to warn the White House's top lawyer that Flynn might be susceptible to blackmail. View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } Star Tribune Recommends Actor Scott Baio sets social media ablaze over Brainerd yearbook's anti-Trump entry Trump told Russians in Oval Office that firing 'nut job' FBI director eased pressure No couch, one car: How these Minnesotans are living with less Facing impasse, Gov. Dayton calls state of budget 'clear as mud' Metro Transit officer asking about legal status prompts probe 2017 Summer Camp Guide Another crisis hits the White House after intelligence story Trump says 'fast decision' possible on new FBI director With book, Ivanka Trump must walk complicated ethical line Poll: Majority of Minnesotans want independent probe of Trump-Russia ties More From Star Tribune May 21 Her discovery provides big kicks about Route 66 Discarded sketches show history of signs along road. 1:00am A wedding gift unlike any other When her nuptials were canceled, the bride donated her party to charity. 12:59am Penguins escape Ottawa with 3-2 win, tie Eastern Conference series 2-2 Substitution in goal sparks Pittsburgh in road win to knot series at 2-2. 12:59am Friday's MLB roundup Mike Napoli and Joey Gallo hit homers, giving the Texas Rangers enough offense to help them hold on for a 5-3 win over the host… 12:45am Twin Cities area book events May 21-27 DIANE KEYES: “To Wendy’s With Love.” 2 p.m. today. Barnes & Noble, Har Mar Mall, 2100 N. Snelling Av., Roseville. IEDA HERMAN: “Growing… Related Coverage News from the Trump administration May. 19 In the grip of scandal, these presidents escaped overseas May. 19 Most Read Russia probe reaches current White House official, sources say • Politics Her discovery provides big kicks about Route 66 Assange rape inquiry is dropped in Sweden LeBron James scores 30 and Kevin Love 21 as Cavaliers crush Celtics by 44 points All 8 'Alien' movies, ranked from worst to best World Brazil's top prosecutor accuses Temer of obstructing justice Rape inquiry dropped, WikiLeaks' Assange remains in embassy Nation In New Orleans, Confederate monuments are gone _ Lee last Weiner pleads guilty in sexting case, could go to prison Politics Facing impasse, Gov. Dayton calls state of budget 'clear as mud' Russia probe reaches current White House official, sources say markets get quote symbol lookup 20 minute delay last updated Twins Vargas delivers in a pinch before Twins beat Royals in 10 innings Mauer has shined with glove this season for Twins Vikings Bud Grant celebrates 90th birthday with humor, tips on his longevity Reusse: Zimmer's leadership of Vikings deserving of public's scrutiny MN United Galaxy's attack provides challenge for Minnesota United Soccer insider: Is relegation really such a good thing? Celebrities Soundgarden singer Chris Cornell dies at 52 after hanging himself Jimmy Fallon on backlash to his friendly hair-tousling of Trump: 'I was devastated' Super Bowl LII Minneapolis scrubs its records to hide site of Super Bowl command center Local small businesses fight for a chance to cash in on Super Bowl LII poll Which Minnesota major league sports team will be the most successful... 10,000 Takes Can the 'No Buy' challenge cure my shopping habit? Millennial thanks the 'unofficial mothers' she met in Minnesota Featured Gallery Preppers: Prepared for the worst, not necessarily paranoid 12 photos Concerns about everything from natural disasters to attacks has some Minnesota ... Featured Video 'Big KAT' Karl-Anthony Towns and Kit Kat team up for ad 01:04 Minnesota Timberwolves center Karl-Anthony Towns got to show off his acting ... Magazine Floodgates are about to open on Prince's career after death MPR's Cathy Wurzer talks about life, death and Mountain Dew StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Full Page Archive: 150+ years Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip US   Facebook chief executive and founder Mark Zuckerberg speaks during a 'town-hall' meeting at the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) in New Delhi on October 28, 2015. (Photo credit: MONEY SHARMA/AFP/Getty Images)    Despite Regularly Giving Away Money, Zuckerberg Adds $9 Billion To Net Worth Every Year Eric Lieberman Tech and Law Reporter 2:38 PM 05/19/2017      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg has added an average of nearly $9 billion to his net worth each year since the social media company officially went public May 18, 2012, according to an analysis based on Bloomberg Billionaire’s Index. The Index originally listed Zuckerberg’s net worth as $19.4 billion on the day of Facebook’s initial public offering. As of Wednesday, however, his total net worth estimation rose to $62.3 billion. Despite some considerable dips and relative stagnation earlier on, Zuckerberg raised the overall value of his financial and non-financial assets to $42.9 billion in five years. The affluent tech mogul, currently ranked as the fifth richest man in the world, plans on donating almost all of his wealth by the end of his life. “We will give 99% of our Facebook shares — currently about $45 billion — during our lives to advance this mission,” Zuckerberg writes in a lengthy Facebook post, specifically referencing “personalized learning, curing disease, connecting people and building strong communities.” “We know this is a small contribution compared to all the resources and talents of those already working on these issues. But we want to do what we can, working alongside many others,” the magnate and philanthropist continued. (RELATED: Zuckerberg Seems To Be Doing A Better Job Of Campaigning Than Hillary) Zuckerberg gives credit to his mom for his immense riches. In a book published April, author Mike Hoefflinger recounts a conversation that Intel CEO Andy Grove had with Zuckerberg in which he asked the Facebook founder how he turned down Yahoo’s $1 billion acquisition offer. “I just thought we could do it,” replied Zuckerberg, citing his belief that his business would grow way larger than people expected. Hoefflinger’s perspective is that Grove was not asking in an overly critical way, but rather out of genuine curiosity since, at the time of the offer, Facebook only had around eight million users (compared to the billions today). “Where does that willpower come from?” Grove inquired in a follow-up question. “Jewish mother,” Zuckerberg replied. Follow Eric on Twitter Send tips to [email protected] . Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact [email protected] . Tags: Facebook, Mark Zuckerberg Hide Comments   Show comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS Have feedback on the new design? Reach out to online.editors@barrons.com This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://www.barrons.com/articles/panasonics-latest-and-greatest-hero-computers-1495213501 Tech Trader Daily Panasonic’s Latest and Greatest Hero Computer Panasonic's North America division held an event at the top of Manhattan's Freedom Tower on Thursday evening to unveil its latest PC designed for heroes, the people who do the hardest jobs, a "two-in-one" computer that's a laptop and a tablet, ruggedized to survive drops and hard weather, with all sorts of features built for the particularities of first responders and others. By Tiernan Ray May 19, 2017 1:04 p.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large Inside the behemoth that is Pansonic (6752JP), the North America operations offer a computer that has established something of a legend about itself for people who do “real work” — cops, fire fighters, hospital workers, and the rest. Last night, Panasonic’s U.S. folks invited media and select guests to the top of New York’s Freedom Tower to unveil the latest model of its “Toughbook,” the Toughbook 33. This is not a computer for ordinary mortals, just for heroes like the ones mentioned above. It is a drop-resistant, splash-resistant model like the company has been making for 20 years. They can operate at sub-zero temperatures, or real hot places. Great for arctic missions or oil rigs. At the freedom tower, the presentation kicked off with a nod to the first responders who were there when the Twin Towners came down. These things can be seen in the front seat of a police car, on a special mount, which lets an officer look up data on a perp, for example. The screen can detach from the keyboard base to become a tablet, with a stylus. Panasonic is the gold standard in the nearly $1 billion market for ruggedized PCs, with 57% share overall, plus 44% share of rugged tablet computers. I went to last night’s even, with nice views of lower Manhattan and the harbor, to hear executives Brian Rowley, the head of product marketing for North America, and Dan Diliberti, the head of mobility products, talk up the latest and greatest in the 33. The computers, which start at around $3,600, run Microsoft’s (MSFT) Windows 10 software, but also have the ability to be loaded up with the older Windows 7. They run on Intel’s (INTC) latest and greatest “Core i5” and “Core i7” processors. (There is zero interest from customers in running Alphabet’s (GOOGL) Google’s Chrome software on these things, despite the fact Google’s “ChromeBooks”are all the rage these days.) Both executives discussed special features, such as a smart-card reader slot built into the chassis. They emphasized spending time with customers to study how the devices have been used over the years to change some things. They are not simply wrapping a shell around an ordinary PC. “We truly do build our devices to purpose,” Diliberti emphasized repeatedly. “We are in the market to help our customers suit the technology to their needs." For example, the keyboard in the device can be detached while the screen is mounted in a car. That means a cop could take the keyboard and place it in front of him or her while seated and type up a report, while the rest of the unit stays mounted to the dashboard. Another example of working with customers is reflected in the computer’s display. When many PC notebooks made the move to larger 16:9-aspect-ratio screens in recent years, Panasonic customers were interested, but conflicted. Because many customers using rather ancient software on Windows, they have to contend with software user interfaces that often are truncated by smaller laptop screens, which is not good if you’re trying to look up critical data in a medical or a criminal records data base. However, the new 16:9 screens, which are ideal for watching a movie, were a bit too oblong for these customers' tastes. Panasonic took that into consideration and Voila! A screen with a 3:2 aspect ratio, giving greater screen real estate for those old apps, and higher resolution, but without the odd size. Another innovation with the new model are two replaceable batteries that drain at different rates. You can swap out one of them while the other battery keeps the system powered up, so none of your work stops. Both batteries, made by Panasonic, are usually spec’d for five hours apiece, but you can also get super-capacity batteries twice that rating, for a total of 20 hours of battery life. Which is good if you take them out to the middle of nowhere. All in all, a fine new offering for a brand that has become something of a legend among those who do the hardest jobs. Text Size Regular Medium Large Tiernan Ray tiernan.ray@barrons.com • @barronstechblog PREVIOUS Tech Today: Veritone's Bumpy Open, Nvidia's New Love, Applied, CRM Rise NEXT T-Mobile Could Return 66% of Cash Flow, Says Goldman Most Popular Facebook, Google: Status Quo Serves Them Well, Says Piper Tesla: The Customer Is Always Wrong Why Stay Bullish On Gilead Yale Sells Citigroup, Bank of America, Alphabet Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron’s Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
Recent Posts Not on T-Mobile ONE? Get ready for hiked fees of up to $3.18 Google waffles on Fuchsia replacing Android AT&T stores could lock up as crews strike this weekend Samsung Galaxy Note 8 dual-camera zoom, OnePlus 5 specs & more – Pocketnow Daily Let’s chat HTC U11 and playing Zelda on your phone! | Pocketnow Weekly 253 Recent Comments Anonymous on OPPO PM-1 review: the best sound I’ve ever heard Anonymous on Should you leave your smartphone’s WiFi on or turn it off? Anonymous on Print Photos Direct From Your Windows Phone With HP iPrint Anonymous on BLU Life One review: bold, but not quite liking it Anonymous on Walmart unveils full Black Friday 2016 deal roster, cheap phones, tabs and wearables galore Archives May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 January 2004 December 2003 November 2003 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 July 2003 June 2003 May 2003 April 2003 March 2003 February 2003 January 2003 December 2002 November 2002 October 2002 September 2002 August 2002 July 2002 June 2002 May 2002 April 2002 March 2002 February 2002 January 2002 December 2001 November 2001 October 2001 September 2001 August 2001 July 2001 June 2001 May 2001 April 2001 March 2001 February 2001 January 2001 December 2000 November 2000 October 2000 August 2000 July 2000 June 2000 May 2000 Categories Android BlackBerry Interview iOS Phones Reviews Security & Privacy Tablets Uncategorized Wearables webOS Windows Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org logo sidebar Reviews Editorials Videos Podcast Deals Navigation Reviews Editorials Videos Podcast Deals Tablets No such thing as a Surface Pro 5, but a refreshed Surface Pro shows its familiar face today by Adrian DiaconescuMay 19, 2017 4:01 am Contents Full Article Rating Comments Advertisement Microsoft isn’t exactly known for a consistent hardware release strategy complying with traditional upgrade cycles, as both the Surface Pro 4 and Surface Book are still waiting for sequels more than 18 months after their commercial rollouts. Meanwhile, the Lumia smartphone family might be on an extended break of its own… or altogether dead, the Surface Phone remains a myth, and out of nowhere, the non-detachable Surface Laptop flared up a couple of weeks back to boldly take on Apple’s MacBooks. Basically, anything could happen on Monday, May 23, in Shanghai, though even as Panos Panay appeared to suggest just last week a new Surface Pro needs time for a “meaningful change”, you can now probably count on a “tock” release being right around the corner. VentureBeat’s Evan Blass, aka Twitter’s @evleaks, seems pretty certain of the aforementioned announcement date and venue of a Surface Pro 4 refresh dubbed simply Surface Pro, which looks, ahem, familiar in a batch of super-high-res leaked renders. Let’s not beat around the bush, this is the same exact 2-in-1 Windows 10 design used by Redmond back in 2015. So, what’s new? Unfortunately, that all-important puzzle piece is still missing, though a fresh generation of Intel processors (Kaby Lake) is an absolute guarantee, and Blass fully expects other “internal” upgrades in tow. Also, a keyboard and pen available in four “similar but not identical” colors to the Surface Laptop’s palette. So far, we totally understand why Panay didn’t want to build a lot of buzz around this thing, but if it’s so repetitive and unremarkable, why wait until now for a Pro 4 follow-up? And why oh why call it just the Surface Pro? Advertisement likethis What's your reaction? Love It 0% Like It 50% Want It 0% Had It 30% Hated It 20% SourceVentureBeat Posted In Tablets, Windows Tags Microsoft, News, Rumors, Surface Pro, Surface Pro 4, Surface Pro 5, windows, Windows 10 Microsoft, News, Rumors, Surface Pro, Surface Pro 4, Surface Pro 5, windows, Windows 10 About The Author Adrian Diaconescu Adrian has had an insatiable passion for writing since he was in school and found himself writing philosophical essays about the meaning of life and the differences between light and dark beer. Later, he realized this was pretty much his only marketable skill, so he first created a personal blog (in Romanian) and then discovered his true calling, which is writing about all things tech (in English). Advertisement Recent Posts Sort   Not on T-Mobile ONE? Get ready for hiked fees of up to $3.18 Google waffles on Fuchsia replacing Android AT&T stores could lock up as crews strike this weekend Samsung Galaxy Note 8 dual-camera zoom, OnePlus 5 specs & more – Pocketnow Daily 12345 1234 Recommended Videos Connect with Pocketnow Advertisement Recent Podcast Episodes Sort   Let’s chat HTC U11 and playing Zelda on your phone! | Pocketnow Weekly 253 Google Fuchsia and OnePlus 5 Leaks | #PNWeekly 252 Making the BlackBerry KEYone cool to normals | #PNWeekly 251 12345 1234 Recent Interviews Sort   Panay: Surface Pro 5? How about “meaningful change” with your “Surface Pro Next... Smartphone Addiction and Digital Mental Health: Dr. Timothy Fong Interview, UCLA Neuroscience (Vi... Redditor dissatisfied that his Google Pixel speaker issue ends in refund 12345 1234 Recent Videos Sort   Samsung Galaxy Note 8 dual-camera zoom, OnePlus 5 specs & more – Pocketnow Daily iPhone 8 design leaks, OnePlus 5 camera upgrade & more – Pocketnow Daily Android O Preview: the top new Android O features! (Video) 12345 1234 Get in touch About Us Contact Us Tip Us Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Follow Us ©2017 Pocketnow.com. All rights reserved, Hagshama Keebali Investments Two General Partnership Pocketnow.com - Smartphone, Tablet, and Wearable reviews, videos, editorials, and news Compare Go
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Pat-Tech Exchange: Investitionsprioritäten bei Patenten & Lizenzierung für 2017 LONDON, May 19, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Digitaler Wandel, IoT, Mobile-First, Automatisierung, Industrie 4.0. Egal, welcher Begriff gerade in aller Munde ist — seine Auswirkungen auf den Schutz von geistigem Eigentum (eng. Intellectual Property, IP) sind enorm. 2017 ist das Jahr, in dem führende IP-Technologieunternehmen aus der ganzen Welt erkennen, dass sie ihre Patent- und Lizenzierungsstrategie umstellen müssen. Ansonsten ist die Folge, dass die IP-Abteilung des Unternehmens anstatt eines Erfolgsbereichs ein riesiger Kostenfaktor ist. Der Bericht 2017 Patent & Licensing Investment Review zeigt auf, wie innovative Technologieunternehmen ihre IP-Strategie neu aufstellen. Der Bericht wurde von der Pat-Tech Exchange erstellt und ist der ultimative Leitfaden zu den wichtigsten Herausforderungen, Projekten und größten Investitionsprioritäten, an denen mehr als 100 Chief-IP-Officer, Patentabteilungsleiter und Lizenzierungsdirektoren 2017 und 2018 ihre Strategien ausrichten. Führende IP-Vertreter von Firmem wie Samsung, Intel, Qualcomm, Tata Steel, Airbus, HP, Lookout Security und Thyssenkrupp verraten, wie sie ihre Abteilungsbudgets ausgeben werden. Durch einen Vergleich mit 2016 werden neue IP-Trends aufgezeigt. Nick Finill, Direktor der Pat-Tech Exchange 2017, erläutert, weshalb dieser Bericht für alle Patent- und Lizenzierungsprofis Pflichtlektüre ist: „Der Jahresvergleich, wie IP-Profis auf Führungsebene ihre Budgets ausgeben, ist ein hervorragender Indikator für den Wandel in der Patentlandschaft. Anwaltskanzleien, Softwareunternehmen und IP-Dienstleister, die Geschäftsbeziehungen mit einigen der weltweit innovativsten Technologieunternehmen eingehen wollen, profitieren von Informationen darüber, welche externen Dienstleistungen am stärksten nachgefragt werden.„ Den kostenlosen Bericht finden Sie unter >> http://bit.ly/2qvuEps << Weitere Informationen zu den in diesem Bericht beschriebenen Investitionen oder eine Einladung zur Pat-Tech Exchange 2017 (6.-7. Juni, Dublin, Irland) erhalten Sie unter >> http://bit.ly/2qAUcA9 <<, telefonisch unter +44(0)207-368-9484 oder per E-Mail an exchangeinfo@iqpc.com. SOURCE Pat-Tech Exchange CategoriesUncategorized TagsLicensing, Trade Show News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Research and Markets – Global Coffee Pods Market 2017-2021 with Nestle, Kraft Foods, LUIGI LAVAZZA & Keurig Green Mountain Dominating Next PostNext Online Auction to Settle Score Between Two American Classics Search Recent Posts Study Shows 54 Percent Drop in Infections Among Nursing Home Patients Central African Republic: Responding to a Spike in Violence Libya: Migrants and Refugees Suffering from Disease and Malnutrition in Detention Centers Niger: Doctors Without Borders Supports Vaccination Campaign Against Deadly Meningitis Outbreak CAR: “There Was Fighting Just Outside the Gates of Our Hospital” Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
clock menu more-arrow Robots This Oakland high school robotics club should be the future of a more diverse tech industry “When we go to competitions, we really don’t look like the other teams that are there.” by April Glaser@aprilaser May 19, 2017, 6:30am EDT tweet share Linkedin Just across the bay from San Francisco, a group of Oakland Technical High School students has been meeting twice a week for months, hacking away on robots slated to compete in two of the most important series of student robotics competitions in the world. At Oakland Tech, around 20 high schoolers have been building robots for the Vex tournament and for the FIRST competition, where thousands of students go head to head to see which team can build the most capable machine. The robots are supposed to be able to do random, albeit challenging, tasks. In this year’s Vex event, which took place in January in Mountain View, Calif., at the Google Campus, the Oakland club was tasked with making a robot that can pick up small star-shaped figurines and throw them over a fence. For the local FIRST competition, which was held in San Francisco in March, the team had to build and program a robot that could pick up a cog and hang it on a peg. “A lot of it is white, male dominated and heteronormative.” Building these robots means piecing together a body, getting the motors working, then programming it to carry out an order. And it all has to work together without a hitch. It’s not easy. While Oakland’s team has won awards at robotics tournaments against contestants from all over the world, the team also stands out in other ways. “When we go to competitions, we really don’t look like the other teams that are there,” said Kai Drayton-Yee, one of the leaders of Oakland Tech’s robotics team, who is Chinese, Japanese and black. “A lot of it is white, male dominated and heteronormative.” Oakland Tech’s robotics club is led by three non-male-identified students. “We generally have the highest number of women on our team,” said Drayton-Yee. “And we generally have the most people of color on our team, too.” Pipeline problem Their robotics club doesn’t look much like a typical group of engineers in Silicon Valley, either. At Google, for instance, only 1 percent of its tech employees are black, only 3 percent are Hispanic and only 19 percent of all its tech employees are women. Likewise, at Facebook, 1 percent of its tech employees are black, 3 percent are Hispanic and 17 percent are women, according to data released by the company last summer. In its blog post about the report, Facebook blamed a lack of available talent on what’s called the “pipeline” problem, lamenting that there aren’t enough diverse candidates entering the tech industry. (It’s worth noting, though, that multiple reports have found there are more black and Latino computer science engineers entering the workforce than are being hired by tech companies.) One likely reason for the shortage of candidates is a dearth of technology education in public schools. Computer science in Oakland Computer science education in public high schools across the country is rare, particularly in areas with high minority populations. But in Oakland, one of the most diverse cities in the country, that’s changing. In 2015, only three public high schools in Oakland offered computer science courses. But this school year, 14 do, out of 17 high schools district-wide. There are now 2,853 Oakland public high school students enrolled in computer science, up more than three times from the 685 that were enrolled in it during the previous school year. Only seven states across the country have standards for computer science in K-12 education. For comparison, 10 of the 14 public high schools in San Francisco now offer computer science courses. (Though the cosmopolitan city just north of Silicon Valley has seen its overall public high school enrollment shrink after the late-1990s tech boom, as many of San Francisco’s wealthy residents opted to send their kids to private schools.) Statewide in California, only 35 percent of high schools offer any computer science courses, according to data from the Level Playing Field Institute. Computer science education is also expanding across the country. Chicago offers computer science at approximately 65 of its 106 public high schools. In Los Angeles, of the city’s 97 public high schools, 74 currently offer computer science courses. In Miami, all public high schools offer the courses, and in Washington, D.C., 10 of its 16 public high schools do. The data was compiled by the school districts for Recode. Private money, public education The computer science expansion at Oakland high schools was funded in part by a $5 million grant from Intel to grow the programs over the next five years. By 2018, the district plans for every public high school in Oakland to offer computer engineering courses. Now that it is part of Oakland’s core academic requirements, every freshman is required to take computer science if it’s offered at their school. But nationwide, only seven states have standards for computer science in K-12 education, according to data from the nonprofit Code.org, and only 32 states allow computer science to count toward high school graduation — otherwise it’s an elective. “Hundreds of students across the district will now be creating applications and hardware projects, like robotics or websites,” said Claire Shorall, who teaches calculus and computer science at Castlemont High School in Oakland and spearheaded the school district’s computer science expansion. “I think what we’re going to see are ideas that haven’t yet entered the market, because students from diverse backgrounds will create things we haven’t seen before.” “Forty-five percent of all computer science students in Oakland Unified are young women, and our numbers for African American and Latino students far exceed what we see in the tech workforce,” Shorall said. Most of the Oakland school district’s computer science teachers started as teachers in other areas and were trained up to teach the new courses. And most of those teachers leading Oakland’s computer science classes are people of color, too, which Shorall says makes it easier for students from underrepresented communities to envision themselves entering tech jobs. Subscribe to the Recode newsletter Sign up for our Recode Daily newsletter to get the top tech and business news stories delivered to your inbox. Your email Go By signing up you agree to our terms of use. recode_divider Facebook Facebook is delaying the launch of its original videos until the end of summer Policy The White House will meet with tech execs for advice on giving the government a digital upgrade Google Google Lens is Google’s future Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Masthead Sponsorships Podcasts Newsletters All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
» · Trump · DonaldTrump · Russia · Republicans · FederalBureauofInvestigation · Democrats · JamesComey · Impeachment · GOP · trumprussia · Comey · election · Community · Progressives · Media · PaulRyan · VladimirPutin · GOTV · Senate · Vote · TeaParty · HealthCare · Populists · MichaelFlynn · Politics · WhiteHouse · 2018 · 2017 · House · Elections Sign up Log in 0 Messages New Blog Entry Drafts View/Edit My Profile Image Library My Groups My Stories My Activity Stream My Comments Subscribe to hide ads Show Ads Hide Ads Log out   Blog It! Help Join the mailing list News Front Page Elections Labor Comics Daily Kos Liberation League Radio   More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » Community Recommended Most Shared Recent Stories Community Spotlight GROUPS Readers and Book Lovers Science Matters ClassWarfare Newsletter More... More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » Action Sign the petition: I am not a reporter, and I want to see Donald Trump’s tax returns Despite promising to release his tax returns in a televised debate with Hillary Clinton, Donald Trump continues to show that... Sign the petition: Investigate Jeff Sessions for violating his recusal Attorney General Jeff Sessions promised to recuse himself on all Justice Department investigations that relate in any way to... Sign the petition: Don't mess with Social Security! Donald Trump campaigned on protecting Social Security and Medicare, but like most Trump scams we are already seeing that... See All 7 Campaigns » Devil's Tower Blog Stream Groups Following Profile Elijah Cummings warned Mike Pence that Flynn was a foreign agent all the way back in November By Mark Sumner   Friday May 19, 2017 · 9:24 AM PDT 2017/05/19 · 09:24 134 Comments Share this article 147 147 147 Add to Blog RSS Update Edit Administration Un-Rescue Rescue REBLOGGED BY TAGS ElijahCummings Turkey MikePence MichaelFlynn Edit Tags Tag History × Tag History ElijahCummings created by Mark Sumner at 05/19/2017 09:24 AM ElijahCummings MichaelFlynn created by Mark Sumner at 05/19/2017 09:24 AM ElijahCummings MikePence MichaelFlynn created by Mark Sumner at 05/19/2017 09:24 AM ElijahCummings Turkey MikePence MichaelFlynn created by Mark Sumner at 05/19/2017 09:24 AM Done Editing Tags 134 Comments Share this article 147 147 147 If there was any doubt that Mike Pence was simply lying about his ignorance of Michael Flynn’s work for foreign governments, here’s a final nail for that coffin. On November 18, less than two weeks after the election, Representative Elijah Cummings sent a letter to Mike Pence as the head of Donald Trump’s transition team. Dear Vice-President-Elect  I am writing to raise questions about the apparent conflicts of interest of the Vice-Chairman of the Presidential Transition Team, retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn, who reportedly has been selected by the President-elect to be National Security Advisor. What’s first up on Rep. Cummings’ list of potential conflicts? Recent news reports have revealed that Lt. Gen. Flynn was receiving classified briefing during the presidential campaign while his consulting firm, Flynn Intel Group, Inc., was being paid to lobby the US government on behalf of a foreign government’s interests. Cummings’ detailed, footnoted, carefully annotated letter lays out step by step Flynn’s lobbying for the Turkish government—the exact information that Mike Pence would claim he didn’t know. Vice President Pence is standing by his claims that he did not know former national security adviser Michael Flynn had been secretly lobbying for the Turkish government until March, despite a new report claiming Flynn had actually disclosed to the Trump transition team back in January that he was under a federal investigation. Mike Pence was told by Flynn in January. He was told by Cummings in November. As Mike Pence plans for the day when he gets to take the big chair, he should remember—Agnew went first. Among other things Cummings’ letter to Pence points out is an editorial that Michael Flynn wrote in support of the Turkish government that ran on November 8—the day of the US election. That editorial not only advocates for changes in US foreign policy in support of Turkey, it specifically charges a Muslim cleric who happens to be a political opponent of Turkish strongman Erdoğan with being a terrorist mastermind. It’s not just a pro-Turkey article, it’s a pro-Erdoğan hit piece. Representative Cummings shows that Flynn is not just a security risk to the nation, but even shows that he violated his promises to the Trump campaign. It’s a step by step, detail by detail, impossible to dismiss indictment of Flynn, one that Pence cannot pretend to have missed or misunderstood. But he can keep lying. Which seems to be his pattern. 134 Comments Share this article 147 147 147 134 Comments Comment Settings Close Settings Auto refresh Collapse on load Show hidden Show until I hide Comments are closed on this story. ( f ) Recommend ( r ) Reply More hints... ( p ) Parent ( o ) Open/Close ( j ) Next Unread ( k ) Prev Unread ( J ) Next ( K ) Prev Back to Story Show Parent Thread Recommended list Most Shared © Kos Media, LLC Site content may be used for any purpose without explicit permission unless otherwise specified. “Kos” and “Daily Kos” are registered trademarks of Kos Media, LLC. Site content may be used for any purpose without explicit permission unless otherwise specified. “Kos” and “Daily Kos” are registered trademarks of Kos Media, LLC. Privacy Policy Daily Kos Front Page Elections Labor Radio Comics RSS About Masthead History Writers Terms Rules of the Road DMCA Copyright Notice Endorsements Privacy Merchandise Shirts Advertising Advertising Overview Stats for advertisers Contact Media Inquiries General Inquiries Jobs × Close Close Close Save changes
