CNET Reviews CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Forums News Apple Computers Crave Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Tour the CNET Smart Home Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Games Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español ​Intel has a new chip to bring brains to your car The A3900 is designed to give cars digital dashboards and help them spot pedestrians. It and its E3900 cousin are about twice as fast as predecessors. ​Intel has a new chip to bring brains to your car 0 Share: Tech Industry by Stephen Shankland 26 October 2016 6:57 am AEDT @stshank Up Next Does the internet have a fake-news problem? Ken Caviasca, VP and GM of IoT Platform engineering and development group.Photo by Stephen Shankland/CNET Intel probably already supplies the brains for your PC. Now it wants to do the same for your next car with new members of its Atom processor family. That auto could have a giant screen instead of analog gauges, digital displays instead of rearview mirrors and cameras to detect pedestrians and drowsy drivers. If Intel gets its way, the company's new A3900 chip will power it all. The company surged into global dominance by making the processors that power PCs, but since we're not buying those so much anymore, Intel has been scrambling to be a part of new markets. You don't see an "Intel inside" sticker when you use Google search, but Intel chips are a foundational part of the technology that delivers the search results. Enlarge Image Intel's Atom chips are designed for small products, internet-of-things devices and industrial computing systems.Photo by Intel You also don't see Intel inside stickers on your phone, but that's because Intel flopped in that market despite years of trying. But it's got a better chance in another big market -- the so-called internet of things, including cars. We're used to computer power in our phones and laptops, but the internet of things spreads it to everything from factory robots and door locks to streetlights and refrigerated boxcars. Even though you may not care whose chip makes your toaster smart, you may be glad to hear Intel is involved. The company has world-class chip manufacturing technology, which for you and me translates directly into lower prices. The A3900 and its less heat-tolerant sibling, the E3900, will arrive in products in the second quarter of 2017, said Ken Caviasca, general manager of engineering and development for Intel's internet-of-things group. The new chips are up to 1.7 times faster at computing and 2.9 times faster at graphics tasks, he said. Intel's A3900 processor, designed for cars, runs fine even at 110 degrees Fahrenheit.Photo by Intel "The E3900 can go to the higher performance needs the E3800 couldn't meet," Caviasca said. They come in dual-core and quad-core models. For car technology, Intel's competitors include NXP Semiconductor, which you probably never heard of despite years of experience in the market, and Nvidia, which you're more likely to know since they're a top maker of the PC graphics chips that make video games look realistic. Those companies rely on widely used designs licensed from ARM Holdings -- designs also used in almost every mobile phone and tablet. Intel expects customers like Delphi and Neusoft will use the A3900 in today's increasingly electronic vehicles. It's also aiming the less heat-tolerant E3900 at video devices like surveillance cameras and at industrial devices like factory robots. There, the chip can assure reliably fast communications among different devices like machines working in concert. That quick communication link -- a thousandth of a second -- is also useful in cars, where for example designers want to ensure a computer spotting a pedestrian can be trusted. "You want to guarantee the time between acquisition and action," Caviasca said. Tags Tech Industry Intel Related Stories What NBA star Andre Iguodala is learning as a tech investor Tech's gender pay gap wider than many US sectors, study finds Alaska Air flight uses trees for fuel NBA star Stephen Curry gets a little 'CoachUp' in funny video Close   Discuss: ​Intel has a new chip to bring brains to... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Does the internet have a fake-news problem? Nintendo puts a price on Super Mario Run (and the Switch?) The company's first smartphone game is coming to iOS on December 15 and it won't be totally free. Fans are also wondering if a retailer just spilled the beans on the price of the upcoming Switch console. by Bridget Carey Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Menu CLOSE News Videos Whitepapers eBooks Advertise Contact Us HOT TOPICS Nokia     Nokia Real-Time Mobile Network Analytics Improves End-to-End Mobile Service Delivery Customer Criteria for Choosing a Mobile Operator Vodafone says 76 percent of Companies Believe IoT is Critical to Future Success Stay Safe, San Diego: Nokia Bolsters Public Safety Systems The Array of Things (AoT) Project Selects AT&T for its Network Connectivity FEATURE NEWS Will the Next Generation of Computers be Crowdsourced? Maybe By Doug Mohney October 25, 2016 If you have any doubts that the world of PC design has stagnated – looking at you Apple, Dell, HP, Lenovo, and whoever else is left standing this week – the current wave of crowdsourced projects in bringing hardware from ideas to reality confirms it.  But it's an open question if crowdsourced designs can be more than boutique experiments where major manufacturers fear to tread. Exhibit A for the crowd sourcing wave is Eve V, a 2-in-1 tablet scheduled to be available for order on Indiegogo November 21 with the production devices shipping to customers "in the first few months" of 2017. The Eve community which contributed to setting specifications will get a shot at ordering one of an initial run of 500 units through Indiegogo. Yes, that's not a typo, 500 units available worldwide. I suspect this number may get bumped up by a zero or two, depending on Indiegogo demand. With about a month to go, Eve hasn't set pricing or final specifications, but the community of discussion has bubbled up a design around a 7th generation Intel Core M/Core i - Y series; 8 or 16 GB of RAM; SSD options of 128, 256, and/or 512GB; a touch screen of 12 inches with more details "TBA"; a N-Trig pen/stylus that's Windows Ink compatible; a wireless keyboard with "more TBA"; and battery life around 10 hours for daily use with exact size "TBA."  Other specs bandied about include support for USB Type-C, couple of other USB 3.1 ports, detachable keyboard, 3.5mm audio jack, a case machined out of aluminum, kick-stand for the screen and a fingerprint sensor built into the power button. A lot of "TBA" going on makes me wonder how long it is going to take between order placement and delivery if specs haven't been finalized yet. Eve's website says the Eve V development is "fully funded" with Indiegogo users paying for manufacturing. Intel has invested and is providing engineering design, says the Finnish start-up, but how much money is going in has yet to be announced other than "six figures".  Intel Capital doesn't do a deal less than multiple millions, so a $1 million to $5 million R&D investment is non-trivial.                    Image via Bigstock I'm not sure if you can create a sustainable business by selling 500 units at a time.  At an average order of $1500 per device, you're talking $750,000 before materials and production costs.  On the other hand, you don't have the traditional sales and marketing overhead, so maybe it is a wash. Eve is following the path of the Android-based Superbook project currently making its way out of Kickstarter into production.  The Andronium OS and Superbook launched this summer, raising nearly $3 million dollars from over 16,700 backers, with the initial concept dating back to December 2014 with a simpler Andronium "dock" station bringing together a stand/charger for an Android phone, HDMI display port and 3 full size USB ports. Feedback from the Kickstarter Andronium dock shaped the Superbook and its simple concept. Simply load the Andronium app onto an Android smartphone and connect the Superbook "shell" with a USB cable to get a fully functionally laptop.  I'd call the "shell" a Chromebook, but it doesn't have a processor or memory.  All the compute power and storage reside in your phone, making the Superbook just a 11.6 inch display connected to a keyboard with a multi-touch touchpad and android navigation keys, plus a large battery, so you can charge up your smartphone while doing the things you'd normally do with a laptop. Early supports put down $85 to get a Superbook, a custom USB-OTG cable, and a charging adapter in January, while most regular supports are going to see shipments in February 2017 onward and have paid anywhere from $99 to $159 to get the Superbook, a custom cord bundle, beta access club membership, and a universal side mount for smartphones. If you want to order a Superbook now, the basic model starts at $109 for a 768p resolution display. Adding 1080p resolution and backlit keys bumps the basic price up to $164.  Add $40 for shipping ($30 for California) to get one in March 2017. The Superbook is a concept that will further confuse the lines between laptop, tablet, and phone.  I'd love to have a Superbook so I could stop carrying around a laptop and a tablet, allowing me to concentrate all of my stuff onto a single device. If Google had a half a clue, they'd buy Superbook immediately and get it plugged into all of its distribution channels, because I'd pick up one at Best Buy today. It's cheap enough that I could write it off if it doesn't work out, but I should be able to do all of the basics I need when I'm out of the office. Both Eve V and Superbook are exploring new end-user computing hardware.  Will major manufacturers follow suit in quietly (or not so quietly) starting crowdsourcing projects of their own? Facebook arguably started this trend in the data center with its Open Compute project for server and network hardware, while it's only a matter of time before the (rapidly getting dull) smartphone industry gives crowdsourcing a try.  A few companies have used Kickstarter and Indiegogo as their own start-up farms, but I'm betting that Microsoft will simply crib what specs seem to attract buyers and roll it into future Surface hardware while Amazon, Google or Samsung will end up buying Superbook down the road.  Edited by Maurice Nagle Author Info Doug Mohney Contributing Editor Click here to read full bio SHARE THIS ARTICLE Tweet Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Related Articles The Amazing Jaguar I-Pace: Using VR to Sell a 2018 Electric Wonder By: Rob Enderle    11/15/2016 The world of 2020 will look massively different on the road and in the dealership than it does today thanks to virtual reality (VR). Read More The Bio-T: The Biometric Internet of Things By: Special Guest    11/11/2016 Expansion of the Internet of Things (IoT) is surging. A recent Gartner report predicts IoT spending to increase to $2.5 million a minute, with 1 milli… Read More Post-Mirai: Managing the Attack Surface of a Smart City By: Special Guest    11/11/2016 Smart cities offer several benefits, including real time traffic information and coordinated energy control. However, the technology is still in the e… Read More Trump Elected and Tim Cook Assures Apple Employees By: Maurice Nagle    11/10/2016 The nation can move forward together or continue on its torrid path of division. Don't be fooled, I'm not pro-Trump, I'm pro-America. And, lest we for… Read More The Blackberry DTEK60: Almost Perfect Secure Phone By: Rob Enderle    11/10/2016 The Blackberry DTEK60 is one of two phones I'm testing using the new Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 chipset and matching radio. The common core features are … Read More View All News WHAT'S HOT The Bio-T: The Biometric Internet of Things The Blackberry DTEK60: Almost Perfect Secure Phone Post-Mirai: Managing the Attack Surface of a Smart City PC Back from the Dead: Jeff Clarke, Dell Technologies & the Zombie PC Apocalypse FEATURED VIDEOS ConnectLeader WATCH NOW ConnectLeader WATCH NOW XKL at TEX 2016 WATCH NOW Richard McFarland of Voice4Net at Real Time Web Solutions 2016 WATCH NOW Bent Rye of Temasys at Real Time Web Solutions 2016 WATCH NOW FEATURED EVENTS Featured Editors Rob Enderle Latest Article: The Amazing Jaguar I-Pace: Using VR to Sell a 2018 Electric Wonder Doug Mohney Latest Article: Telecom Chip Merger Madness Running Against Open Hardware Tide Peter Bernstein Latest Article: Municipal Broadband Future Problematic, FCC State Preemption Order Nixed by U.S. Appeals Court Subscribe Newsletter Sing up to receive our updates and other Techzone360 news! FEATURED WHITEPAPERS The Business Benefits of Managed IT Services DOWNLOAD NOW The Business Benefits of Hosted UC DOWNLOAD NOW 10 Hidden Costs of a Premises-Based Phone System DOWNLOAD NOW Data Man: Saving One Network at a Time DOWNLOAD NOW Measuring the Business Benefits of Knowledge Management for Customer Support DOWNLOAD NOW LATEST COMMENTS Updates Your Way... likes facebook tweets twitter eNews SUBSCRIBE shares RSS TECHZONE360 800 Connecticut Ave, 1st Floor East, Norwalk CT 06854 USA 800-243-6002, 203-852-6800; 203-866-3326 Quick Links VIDEOS EBOOKS ADVERTISE CONTACT US LATEST ARTICLES The Amazing Jaguar I-Pace: Using VR to Sell a 2018 Electric Wonder The Bio-T: The Biometric Internet of Things Post-Mirai: Managing the Attack Surface of a Smart City Trump Elected and Tim Cook Assures Apple Employees The Blackberry DTEK60: Almost Perfect Secure Phone Powered by TMC © 2016 All Rights Reserved
Trending: 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Video: Angry at Apple 6 big ideas in digital transformation Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Healthcare, retail industries give blockchain a try Best bookmark managers for Google Chrome Review: BIO-key’s plug-in fingerprint readers for Windows 10 computers More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Gamification Home Tech Location-Based Services Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) Business Process Management (BPM) CRM Collaboration Content/Document Management Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software Integration Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Emerging Technology Internet of Things News Intel wants to make its IoT chips see, think, and act The new, faster Atom E3900 series has more powerful graphics and image processing More like this How ARM set itself up for a $32B acquisition Nvidia's new Tegra chip can avoid trouble with the traffic police Intel's new PC, IoT chief brings fresh ideas to the veteran chip maker on IDG Answers Can company see that I'm using their internet? A worker mounts an Intel sign on a pavilion at San Francisco's Super Bowl City attraction on Jan. 27, 2016. Credit: Stephen Lawson Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Comments By Stephen Lawson Follow IDG News Service | Oct 25, 2016 2:51 PM PT RELATED TOPICS Internet of Things Computer Processors Car Tech Comments Rolling out the internet of things means using devices as our eyes and ears and even asking them to make decisions for us. The chips at the heart of those devices play critical roles, and on Tuesday some of them got better at their jobs. While ARM introduced two minuscule processor architectures with security features borrowed from larger chips, Intel unveiled its Atom E3900 chips with improved computer vision and industrial-grade timing. The E3900s are designed for a wide range of applications, including manufacturing and surveillance, and they’ll soon be joined by a version specifically for vehicles, called the A3900. Intel is working to help machines evolve from accurately sensing what’s going on around them to acting on those senses. For example, if a device can see defective parts going through an assembly line, it can alert someone or even stop the line. Cameras in cars could see that the driver is drowsy and set off an alarm in the car, and ones pointed in front of the vehicle could tell a pedestrian from a shadow and stop the car – if its vision was accurate enough. Rival Qualcomm also improved its chips for IoT vision recently. The E3900s have more computing power than their predecessors (by 1.7 times), along with faster memory speeds and memory bandwidth. But they also have better graphics and vision: 3D graphics performance is 2.9 times higher than in the previous generation, and the new chips can render 4K Ultra HD video on as many as three independent displays, Intel says. Those three screens could be the virtual dashboard of a car and two seat-back displays for passengers to watch videos. By controlling each separately, the chip could make sure the dash display isn’t affected by the rendering activity happening on the entertainment screens, said Ken Caviasca, vice president of Intel’s IoT group. The new chips are also better at capturing and processing images. They have four vector image processing units to perform video noise reduction, improve low-light image quality, and preserve more color and detail. In a networked video recorder, an E3900 could take 1080p video streams from 15 cameras and display their feeds simultaneously at 30 frames per second on a video wall, Caviasca said. Visual processing needs to keep getting better as technology evolves from rendering images to decoding content and on to image processing. The last step is computer vision, where machines understand what they see well enough to make decisions. “What people are wanting is a processor that can sense like we do in an environment,” Caviasca said. And rather than just report back to humans, it can take action. For industrial uses, the E3900 series gets Intel’s TCC (Time Coordinated Computing) technology. This feature lets the chip tightly control the timing of a device’s actions. Some industrial systems rely on precise timing to be productive. For example, a robotic arm that takes parts off a conveyor belt needs to act when each object comes along. The more tightly the arm is synchronized with the rest of the system, the faster the assembly line can run. Adding TCC, which wasn’t in the e3800 series, cuts the maximum delay to about one-tenth what it would have been. There are also uses for this technology in the automotive world, Caviasca said. RELATED TOPICS Internet of Things Computer Processors Car Tech Stephen Lawson — Senior U.S. Correspondent Stephen Lawson is a senior U.S. correspondent for the IDG News Service based in San Francisco. The latest in IT services? CIO hired guns View Comments You Might Like Join the discussion Be the first to comment on this article. Our Commenting Policies What Readers Like China builds world’s fastest supercomputer without U.S. chips China's Sunway TaihuLight theoretical peak performance is 124.5 petaflops. Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis This sortable chart lets you compare dozens of tools for functionality, skill level and more. Windows 10 Anniversary Update: A guide to the builds The Windows 10 Anniversary Update is due this summer -- but if you don’t want to wait, you can install... BrandPostsLearn more Sponsored by VMware AirWatch IoT Will Have a Big Impact on Enterprise Mobility Popular Resources API Use Case BARC Paper: The Benefits of an Integrated Approach to BI and Planning Cloud Business Analytics: A Step Closer to Pervasive Adoption of Decision Support Services Data Visualizations for Mobile Users EMA Research Analytics in the Cloud Go Top Stories 3D printer owners rate the best 14 machines Online user community 3D Hubs has published its third annual 3D Printer Guide for 2017, based on... No, Twitter -- a mute button for hate speech won’t work A mute button for notifications is not much of a step toward curbing online harassment. Twitter needs... The long decline of online freedom According to Freedom House’s 2016 report, freedom on the internet is in its sixth year of decline.... First look: The 13-in MacBook Pro's Touch Bar wows The innovative new Touch Bar in the MacBook Pro brings back something that's been missing from Macs in... Sponsored Links INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 1994 - 2016 Computerworld, Inc. All rights reserved. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Answers IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
null
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video YANG: coming soon to a router near you IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH YANG: coming soon to a router near you Satya Nadella hits Sydney and channels Steve O'Ballmer from eight years ago Is that your television? Or a zero client running a virtual desktop? SpectraLogic SLACSS off to speed HPC archiving Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Gone in 70 seconds: Linux can be owned by holding Enter key If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets Twitter rolls out troll controls DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed More like this Intel Micron Xpoint Data Center Servers Want to use 3D XPoint DIMMs with Intel Purley Xeons? Wait a couple of years for second-gen Not first-gen Purley in 2017 as we were sorta promised 25 Oct 2016 at 21:21, Chris Mellor Chris Mellor Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Emc, Netapp, Seagate, Hp, Dell Recent Articles Huawei hots up its high-density server line Kaminario's Dani Golan reaches for the sky Arkivum's new CEO gets £3m cash boost to play with – now what? Intel will fab Xeon processors that support 3D XPoint DIMMs in two years, its CEO signaled to analysts on a conference call this month. 3D XPoint is Micron and Intel's post-NAND, non-volatile memory technology that is claimed to be faster than NAND, with near-DRAM speed, and denser and longer endurance. It is intended to fill a performance gap between DRAM and NAND and provide storage-class (Persistent) memory. Intel is sampling 3D XPoint SSDs with OEM customers now but such drives will use an NVMe/PCIe interface, which is slower than putting the media on the faster memory channel using DIMM sockets. In a conference call on the day Intel announced its Q3 2016 figures, chief exec Brian Krzanich said this about XPoint SSDs: "On the 3D XPoint, it will be qualified at the end of [2016's fourth] quarter. And we're shipping thousands of samples to customers, we're shipping samples already, we'll ship thousands through this quarter. And it ramps in 2017... revenue growth in 2017, samples, thousands in the fourth quarter and qualified at the end of the quarter. "There will be a second generation of Purley that includes 3D XPoint. It allows pooling of memory, and then there will be future ones that will allow additional pooling of things like FPGA. So, each one of these now add some additional features across the rack that really helps in the overall system performance." We understand that Krzanich means second-generation Purley chips will take 3D XPoint memory DIMMs. This Xeon processor family is due to arrive in 2018, just in time for Intel to deliver these next-gen CPUs and XPoint DIMMs for the Aurora supercomputer in late 2018. The Purley gates Purley is the codename for a 14nm Skylake-microarchitecture server processor. Purley processors are understood to have up to 28 cores and 56 threads, and support the 100Gbps Omni-Path interconnect and Silicon Photonics. We believe Intel is set on delivering versions of Purley chips with integrated accelerators, such as encryption and compression engines, graphics, media transcoders and FPGAs. Krzanich was being coy, and trying to blur the situation to avoid tipping his hand. To us it sounds as though first-generation Purley chips will not interface directly with 3D XPoint DIMMs – whereas last year it was strongly suggested that first-gen Purley parts would hook up with 3D XPoint DIMMs. These first-generation processors are sampling with selected customers now with general availability expected around mid-2017. Meanwhile, second-generation Purley will arrive the following year, and most definitely include tight 3D XPoint integration. According to Krzanich's comment, third-generation Purley will have pooled FPGAs; we think this third-generation series could be a 2019-2020 story. It's possible that 3D XPoint DIMMs could be supported before second-generation Purley silicon arrives, with that processor bringing XPoint closer to the CPU somehow, perhaps with an Omni-Path interconnect. There has been speculation that Intel could use 3D XPoint as a large-scale DRAM substitute, with terabytes of 3D XPoint used to bulk out a DRAM core, save DRAM cost and provide performance near that of a full DRAM system but at a lower cost. It will be interesting to understand Micron's intentions concerning support of proprietary fast Intel connects, like Omni-Path and Silicon Photonics, as well as OpenCAPI and Gen-Z interconnects. A key set of events will be how the server OEMs react to 3D XPoint DIMMs. If they reject those, or are half-hearted, as they are with flash DIMMs currently, then Intel gets a second bite at the server XPoint adoption cherry with gen-two Purley processors. None of this is simple. Keep watching the XPoint space. ® Sponsored: Transforming software delivery with DevOps Tips and corrections 4 Comments More from The Register Why OpenCAPI is a declaration of interconnect fabric war +Comment Any standard but Intel in another CPU-memory interconnect consortium 11 Comments IBM Bluemix to offer Intel 3D XPoint-powered cloud in late 2017 First comes a cloud testbed so we can figure out what non-volatile memory is good for 2 Comments Peglar on the hoof: Micron flash and XPoint VP legs it Exits loss-making company for pastures new Google: We look forward to running non-Intel processors in our cloud OK, so someone's angling for a discount 46 Comments Micron sets a canary to watch over its stock in case of takeover Poison pill filing sparks speculation about aggressive buy-out action 5 Comments Micron, VMware, Supermicro, Nexenta doodle array designs Cosy club comes up with flashy little reference architecture Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile The need for comprehensive email security is greater than ever Email continues to be the most common attack vector by which networks are compromised and malware spread. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Spotlight 10x faster servers? Pop a CAPI in your dome Iguazio: Made from Kia parts but faster than a Ferrari with 1,000 drivers Fire alarm sparked data centre meltdown emergency Weka.IO – a stealthy startup swimming against the tide Will the roulette ball fall for WANdisco's spiel? Speaking in Tech: Worst OpenStack summit ever? Windows Server 2016 persistent memory support supercharges storage IO VMware do we go from here? Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
TechRepublic Search GO CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation More Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out TechRepublic Search GO Topics: CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out Mobility Is the 32GB iPhone 7 really slower? Confusion abounds with the latest Apple controversy News keeps trickling out about the iPhone 7's speed problem. Several theories have been put forth: What's the real problem? And does it even matter? By Brandon Vigliarolo | October 25, 2016, 1:00 PM PST RSS Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus Every iteration of a popular phone renews its target for critics, and no phone has felt that more than Apple's iPhone series. Controversy follows a new iPhone release like sharks to blood, with critics seeking any flaw to tear apart. Some criticisms have been serious: the iPhone 4 had its "antennagate," which had a very real impact on its function. The iPhone 5 brought the lightning adapter to the world, which was a major source of ire despite the fact that the old adapter now seems ridiculous. More about Mobility CIO Jury: 10 out of 12 tech leaders trust Samsung despite Galaxy Note7 failure IBM Watson is coming to the iPhone, and that's big news for business users Tech Pro Research: Social media policy Subscribe to TechRepublic's Mobile Enterprise newsletter There are problems that are decidedly less serious, however: the iPhone 6 could reportedly bend, and now the iPhone 7's smaller capacity model is apparently slower than those with larger storage. Sensational headlines and hot YouTube videos only stoke the fire for those bent on hating the iPhone, but like anything sensational there's usually a bit more going on below the surface. There are some competing theories as to why the iPhone 7 32GB seems slower than its larger-capacity brethren, and two are worth looking at: read/write speed and Qualcomm/Intel chipsets. What is actually slower One of the theories floating in the internet ether is that 32GB iPhone 7 models are just slower, period. CNET addressed this with some testing of its own to determine what was really going on behind the scenes and the results make perfect—and mostly unnoticeable—sense. There's a bottleneck in SSD processing power that always affects smaller capacity disks, and it's simply unavoidable: read/write speed. Smaller solid state discs simply have fewer channels to move data from storage to screen, and vice versa. SEE: Research: Apple's Growing Role in the Enterprise (Tech Pro Research) What CNET found by digging down, though, is that write speed was the only one affected by the channel bottleneck. Writing to your iPhone 7's drive occurs when you download files, save pictures, and do anything else that involves saving something to the phone's local storage. Users generally don't notice their write speed slowing down, and with good reason: even slower discs (like the iPhone 7's 32GBs) have a max write speed of 100Mbps. As CNET points out even the most intense write activities, like recording a 4K video, only uses 30Mbps of bandwidth. In other words, writing files to your iPhone won't push its capacity. Read speeds, on the other hand, are noticeable but there's a reason you won't notice a difference on larger vs. smaller capacity iPhones: SSD reads are simple tasks that simply don't tax the speed of the drive in the slightest. What's really going on? If read/write speeds aren't the source of the complaint then what is? Cellular Insights, which tests many of the newest smartphones on the market, has the most likely cause: the iPhone 7 and 7plus were produced with two different chipsets. Anyone familiar with cellular technology knows we have two bands that are popular in the United States: CDMA (used by Verizon and Sprint), and GSM (used by AT&T and T-Mobile). SEE: 19 of Apple's biggest tech blunders (TechRepublic) Up until the latest iteration of the iPhone, Qualcomm was the sole manufacturer of chipsets and modems for Apple's smartphones. The iPhone 7, however, split the ticket between Qualcomm's MDM9645M and Intel's XMM7360 modems. Therein lies the problem: Intel's chip didn't test as fast as Qualcomm's. Image: Cellular Insights Cellular Insights ran tests on both versions of the iPhone 7plus and found that the Intel modem performed considerably worse than Qualcomm's. As the graph above shows, Intel's chipset wasn't even able to match the iPhone 6s for speed, while the Qualcomm iPhone 7 tested well above Apple's previous model. Want to know which one you have? Check the fine print on the back of your iPhone 7. If it has model number A1660 or A1661 you're in luck: It's a Qualcomm. If the model number reads A1778 or A1784 sorry: It's an Intel. Performance of both Qualcomm (red) and Intel (blue) on band 4. Signal strength is weaker to the right of the figure. Image: Cellular Insights Keep in mind, both chipsets delivered similar results in ideal signal strength situations. Once things get dicey the Qualcomm chipset definitely outperforms the Intel one, however. What it all means Your iPhone 7 isn't, in most cases, going to feel inferior so there's really no need to worry about it. Yes, AT&T and T-Mobile customers have a bit more to complain about but their complaints have nothing to do with device storage size: it's all about the chipset in this case. The actual performance of the iPhone 7 is unaffected by its capacity unless you try your hardest to maximize its write speed. In those cases you will see a slowdown between a 32GB device and one with more storage, but those conditions aren't a problem for users in regular situations. They're also not a problem unique to Apple's iPhone 7: It's a universal problem of solid state design. Next conspiracy, please. We reached out to Apple and Intel for commentary on this piece, but no response was received as of publication. This article will be updated with any response. The 3 big takeaways for TechRepublic readers Reports have been coming out about the slower speed of Apple's 32GB iPhone 7 devices, but it's not a unique Apple issue: smaller SSDs simply can't read or write as fast as larger ones. If anything is slowing down the 32GB iPhone 7 it's the write speed. Even the most complex daily uses, however, can't come close to maxing out its Mbps capabilities. A real cause of slower devices can be found in Apple's use of Intel chipsets in GSM devices. The Intel chipset tested far worse than the one in CDMA devices, which was manufactured by Qualcomm. Confused by the rapid speed of the mobile world? Keep up on all the enterprise trends by subscribing to our newsletter. Subscribe Also see iPhone 7: What business users need to know (TechRepublic) There are two versions of the iPhone 7 — did you end up with a fast one or a slow one? (ZDNet) Apple iPhone 7: The smart person's guide (TechRepublic) iPhone 7 sales profit from Galaxy Note 7 vacuum in South Korea (ZDNet) How to clear space on your iPhone without deleting photos (CBS News) Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus About Brandon Vigliarolo Brandon writes about apps and software for TechRepublic. He's an award-winning feature writer who previously worked as an IT professional and served as an MP in the US Army. Full Bio Contact Disclosure See all of Brandon's content bviglia × Disclosure Brandon Vigliarolo has nothing to disclose. He does not hold investments in the technology companies he covers. × Full Bio Brandon writes about apps and software for TechRepublic. He's an award-winning feature writer who previously worked as an IT professional and served as an MP in the US Army. Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Editor's Picks IBM Watson: The inside story Rise of the million-dollar smartphone The world's smartest cities The undercover war on your internet secrets Free Newsletters, In your Inbox Tech News You Can Use We deliver the top business tech news stories about the companies, the people, and the products revolutionizing the planet. Delivered Daily Subscribe Best of the Week Our editors highlight the TechRepublic articles, galleries, and videos that you absolutely cannot miss to stay current on the latest IT news, innovations, and tips. Delivered Fridays Subscribe Latest From Tech Pro Research Project prioritization tool: An automated workbook IT leader’s guide to the future of artificial intelligence System monitoring policy Hiring kit: Microsoft Power BI developer Services About Us Membership Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Map Site Help & Feedback FAQ Advertise Reprint Policy Explore Blogs Downloads TechRepublic Forums Meet the Team Tech Pro Research Resource Library Photos Videos © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement A ZDNet site | Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBS InteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundClickerCNETCollege NetworkGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTech Pro ResearchTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet
null

PRLog XHome Login Latest News News By Location News By Industry News By Topic News By Date Business Profiles Pressrooms Get Feeds Get Alerted For Bloggers PRNewswire Distribution Search Portwell Releases COM Express Compact Module with Intel Atom Processor E3900 Series Portwell's PCOM-B641VG Type 6 COM Express Compact module based on Intel Atom processor E3900 series (6W~12W), features a wide range of optional I/O flexibility, and support for a wide -40ºC to 85ºC industrial temperature range. Type 6 COM Express Compact module featuring Intel Atom processor E3900 series   Spread the Word: News By Tag: * Intel Atom E3900 * Industrial Temperature Support * Type 6 Com Module By Industry: * ComputersOct. 25, 2016 - PRLog -- FREMONT, CA. – American Portwell Technology, Inc., (http://www.portwell.com), a wholly owned subsidiary of Portwell, Inc., a world-leading innovator in the Industrial PC (IPC) market and an Associate member of the Intel® Internet of Things (IoT) Solutions Alliance, today announces Portwell's release of the PCOM-B641VG, a Type 6 COM Express Compact (95mm x 95mm) module based on the 14nm Intel® Atom™ processor E3900 product family (6W~12W). The PCOM-B641VG COM Express module offers many valuable features, including a wide range of optional I/O flexibility like Gen2 PCI Express with mature eco-system, enabler for greater media competence like accelerated DRM (Digital Rights Management) for encoding and decoding. The module is also rated to function at less than 50 DPM (defects per million). Portwell's PCOM-B641VG is designed to help customers who are currently using COM Express module products upgrade their systems without having to change existing carrier boards and operating systems. This helps boost system performance with prolonged service life for another 7 years, maximizing our customers' return on investment. The compact PCOM-B641VG COM Express module supports up to 32GB DDR3L 1600/1866 MT/s SDRAM on two 204-pin SODIMM sockets, making it faster than its predecessor. Its expansion interface supports four (max.) PCI Express x1 Gen2 (5.0GT/s) for enhanced video performance and offers the flexibility to be configured to two x2 lanes or one x4 lane. In addition, it supports one high-resolution display, DP (DisplayPort) or HDMI selectable to double 3D performance compared to its previous generation. Efficient and Effective Energy Management Enabled by COM Technology When designing the PCOM-B641VG, we applied the successful modular computing concept of our COM Express form factor and came up with an even more compact, efficient and economical combination. The ultra-low power Intel® Atom™ processor E3900 family is housed on the PCOM-B641VG module board. And in this way, we are able to maximize Computer-On-Module (COM) technology to produce a unit that not only outputs under 6W~12W for fan-less applications, but also supports a wide -40°C to 85°C industrial temperature range. With two SODIMM sockets support, the PCOM-B641VG provides a more powerful solution for our customers aiming at IoT and Industry 4.0. On the other hand, it conserves scarce energy resources, minimizes carbon impact and keeps its energy budgets under control. We believe our customers should have the choice of using products that help them achieve smarter energy management. By making energy management more individualized, we believe it will lead to positive changes in user behavior and save staggering amount of energy and associated costs. Design and Customization Services for Broad Applications The PCOM-B641VG COM Express module has been enhanced by Portwell in response to market demand for an even lower power platform to take advantage of the Intel® Atom™ processor's compact design. In fact, since its initial inception, Portwell's expanding Intel Atom processor-based COM Express product portfolio has now grown to include industrial temperature range support. Portwell's versatile COM Express modules adapt to these changes by enabling designers to partition commodity host-processors from proprietary baseboards, thereby minimizing current and future design risks during the initial phase of development. This design of separating the CPU-upgradable module from system specific I/O carrier boards further safeguards development investments and lowers total cost of ownership. In addition, Portwell can also provide services to clients on the carrier board design and development, review schematics and BIOS customization. At Portwell, we strive to create superior products for our customers. # # # Product details: http://www.portwell.com/products/detail.php?CUSTCHAR1=PCO... Product availability: In addition to American Portwell Technology, Inc., the Portwell PCOM-B641VG Type 6 COM Express Compact module is also available through Arrow Electronics, Inc. and Avnet, Inc. # # # About American Portwell Technology American Portwell Technology, Inc., is a world-leading innovator in the embedded computing market and an Associate member of the Intel® Internet of Things Solutions Alliance. American Portwell Technology designs, manufactures and markets a complete range of PICMG computer boards, embedded computer boards and systems, rackmount systems and network communication appliances for both OEMs and ODMs. American Portwell is an ISO 9001, ISO 13485, ISO 14001 and TL 9000 certified company. The company is located in Fremont, California. For more information about American Portwell's extensive turnkey solutions and private-label branding service, call 1-877-APT-8899, email info@portwell.com or visit us at http://www.portwell.com. Intel and Atom are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the United States and other countries. All other products and company names referred to herein may be trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective companies or mark holders. # # # Media Contact: Susan Wei Marketing Executive American Portwell Technology, Inc. 510-403-3354 susanw@portwell.com Product Contact: Richard Chang Product Manager American Portwell Technology, Inc. 510-403-3332 richardc@portwell.com Media Contact American Portwell Technology, Inc./Susan Wei 510-403-3399 ***@portwell.com End Source : American Portwell Technology, Inc. » Follow Email : ***@portwell.com Listed Under- Tags : Intel Atom E3900, Industrial Temperature Support, Type 6 Com Module Industry : Computers Location : United States A/C Email Vfyd: | A/C Phone Vfyd: Disclaimer   Report Abuse American Portwell Technology, Inc. PRs Portwell Announces NANO-6062 with Intel Atom Processor E3900 Product Family (Codenamed Apollo Lake) Portwell Announces Wide Temperature FUDA2-S1921 Panel PC Series w/ Projected Capacitive Touch Scree Portwell Releases High Performance Fan-less Embedded System Powered by 6th Generation Intel Core Portwell Releases ETX 3.0 Module to Extend Legacy Applications and Lifecycles Portwell Releases a Rugged Fan-less Embedded System Powered by Intel Pentium/Celeron Processor N3000 Trending News Long Island African American Chamber of Commerce, Inc. Announces Web Launch and Networking Soiree SaltStick Vitassium, Designed to Meet the Needs of People Suffering From Dysautonomia, Is Available Staybridge Suites Opens in Maryland Heights, Mo Seva Beauty celebrates grand opening of second Las Vegas-area location by helping March of Dimes Titletown Manufacturing is a Leader in Machining Small Metal Parts Top Daily News Aftermath Services awards $5000 K9 Grant to Alamogordo Police Department - 595 views Seva Beauty celebrates grand opening of second Las Vegas-area location by helping March of Dimes - 319 views The Ken Blanchard Companies® Wins 2016 Top Workplaces Award - 246 views Power Design Earns Gold for Innovative Technology Partnership - 166 views HRO Today Announces Winners of 2016 Annual Awards EMEA - 158 views Top Weekly News President-elect Donald Trump Recognizes Homeschool Movement - 62207 views Detroit actor relishes role, respects his character in 'Wild Faith' - 3748 views Scienaptic: A new age analytics platform backed by Pramod Bhasin - 766 views John Deere Gearation Board Selected As Top Educational Toy of 2016 In The Goddard School's Toy Test - 537 views Beyond Tablet Honored with CES 2017 Innovation Award - 536 views PTC News Say YES to Year End Savings on Quick Move-In Lennar Homes Across Colorado - 311 views Fisher, Felton, Lloyd, Amell Top Celebrities At Wizard World New Orleans, January 6-8, 2017 - 218 views New Models Open at D'Andrea Tomorrow - 200 views PM&E Inc. Is Pleased To Announce a Purchase Order for an EVADA A4 Ambulance - 174 views Dexter Cast to Make First Ever Appearance Together At Wizard World Comic Con Cleveland, St. Louis - 152 views Mobile | Home | Latest Press Releases | Get Feeds | Get Alerted | For Bloggers | PR Newswire Distribution | Privacy | TOS | Contact | Copyright | About
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video YANG: coming soon to a router near you IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH YANG: coming soon to a router near you Satya Nadella hits Sydney and channels Steve O'Ballmer from eight years ago Is that your television? Or a zero client running a virtual desktop? SpectraLogic SLACSS off to speed HPC archiving Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Gone in 70 seconds: Linux can be owned by holding Enter key If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets Twitter rolls out troll controls DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed Hardware SC 2011 Mineral oil, GPUs and thousands of cores Student Cluster Competition hardware revealed 14 Nov 2011 at 22:54, Dan Olds, Gabriel Consulting Dan Olds, Gabriel Consulting Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Cluster Competition, Cluster, Hpc, High Performance Computing, Nvidia Recent Articles IBM lifts lid, unleashes Linux-based x86 killer on unsuspecting world Nvidia welcomes Intel into AI era: Fancy a benchmark deathmatch? Windows 10 pain: Reg man has 75 per cent upgrade failure rate SC11 The hardware configurations for the 2011 SC Student Cluster Competition in Seattle have been released, and there are quite a few surprises. First, the most surprising surprise: the University of Texas Longhorn team has brought the first liquid cooled system to the big dance. They’ve teamed up with Green Revolution to put together an 11-node, 132 core, Xeon-fueled cluster that is completely immersed in a vat of mineral oil. The oil flows around the large pizza box server boards, then through a radiator where the heat is dispersed into the air via a large fan. Team Texas believes that the move to liquid gives them anywhere between 5-15 per cent more overall compute power while keeping them under the hard 26 amp ceiling. I’ve shot plenty of video of the system and the team, including swapping out servers, so check back for updates. NUDT (Team China) has brought a much more compact design that is more reliant on GPUs than any other – much like the chart-topping Tianhe supercomputer that their institution built last year. The Team China cluster uses a grand total of four Xeon processors (24 cores total) to act as traffic cop for six NVIDIA C2070 Tesla GPU accelerators. Interestingly, most of the teams have configured much more hardware and then throttled it to meet the 26 amp hard limit, while China seems to have configured ‘just enough’ hardware to approach the limit. It is an open question if they’ve optimized the scientific applications well enough to run well on GPUs. Most of the other teams sporting accelerators have found this to be a bit of a barrier on some of the apps and have, as a result, made sure they pack plenty of traditional x86 chippery to handle the non-GPU friendly workloads. No pedal to the metal Colorado and Purdue, the longest-standing teams in the competition, have taken an appropriately old-school approach to their clusters. Their daddies didn’t use any fancy accelerators, their granddaddies didn’t use ‘em – so they’re not using them either. As the teams explained to me, they didn’t see much advantage to accelerators, since not all of the workloads could take advantage of the extra number-crunching power. But they use plenty of traditional iron. Colorado sports sixteen AMD 16-core Interlagos processors, giving them 256 cores on four quad-socket nodes. Purdue is using Intel’s 10-core (deci-core?) Xeon to build a 160-core cluster on four nodes. We’ll post closer looks at both teams soon. Returning champions Team Taiwan has worked with sponsors Acer and NVIDIA to design a hybrid system with 72 Intel Xeon cores plus 6 Tesla GPU accelerators. GPUs are a new wrinkle for the Taiwanese; their award-winning 2010 cluster utilized traditional x86 processors. Like the other GPU-wielding teams, the key to winning will be how much extra bang for the watt they can pull out of the specialty chips. The Boston University Terriers bring more compute cores – 336 – than any other team. Their cluster relies on 16-core AMD Interlagos for x86 compute power, but they’ve also added four NVIDIA Tesla cards to the mix. They certainly can’t run all of this gear and stay under the 26 amp limit, so the question will be how much (and how well) they can gear the cluster down to run fast without gulping too much power. Team Russia, in its second SCC appearance, has brought a cluster that’s composed of seven nodes with 84 Xeon x86 cores and a grand total of 12 NVIDIA Tesla cards. This makes them the most “GPU-riffic” team in the competition by a factor of two. Team sponsor Microsoft has helped the team with the hardware and software optimizations. If the Russian bear can take advantage of all that GPU goodness, then they have a good shot at taking at least the LINPACK award. Time will tell. The Costa Rica Rainforest Eagles lost their sponsor at the last minute. Disaster was averted as the HPC Advisory Council stepped in to sponsor the team, supplying them with all the hardware they need to compete. And it’s top-shelf gear too, with four quad-socket Interlagos nodes sporting 256 cores – which puts them in the mix with the other teams. Gilad Shainer, HPC Council chair, even found the team a couple of GPU nodes, but they probably won’t utilize them given that it wasn’t part of their original plan. The SCC hardware configurations this year can be summed up with one word: Diverse. Actually, two words: Wildly Diverse. Fully half the teams are using some sort of GPU acceleration, up from only two last year. We even have Texas with their attention-grabbing mineral oil deep-fried nodes. (Or compute hot tub?) We’ll see how it all works out as the teams begin their first competition workload: LINPACK. We’ll have full event coverage plus updated odds charts (the betting window is almost closed), video interviews, and overviews of each team. Check back often. ® Sponsored: HPC and HPDA for the Cognitive Journey with OpenPOWER Tips and corrections 2 Comments More from The Register Undergrads build 12.6-TFLOPS cluster out of four nodes, 112 cores HPC Blog New student LINPACK record step 5 Comments Tegile gets IntelliFlash into a cluster duster Cloud Platform for private cloud Student cluster warriors build out 'roomy sedan' clusters HPC Blog Tianhe-2: Where's the manual - we wish we could RTFM Old fashioned engineering: HPC cluster kids would like to thank their fans. No really HPC Blog Gutsy overclockers set new record 2 Comments Nice cluster, kid. But can these supercomputing students actually predict the weather? HPC blog It's hard enough for the Met Office... 4 Comments Home team wins Asia student cluster competition HPC Blog HUST busts out Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile The need for comprehensive email security is greater than ever Email continues to be the most common attack vector by which networks are compromised and malware spread. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Spotlight Virtual reality is actually made of smartphones Brain plague or estate agents? I know which I'd prefer in Virtual Reality Self-stocking internet fridge faces a delivery come down My headset is reading my mind and talking behind my back Penetration tech: BAE Systems' new ammo for Our Boys and Girls Render crashing PCs back to their component silicon: They deserve it The return of (drone) robot wars: Beware of low-flying freezers Will AI spell the end of humanity? The tech industry wants you to think so Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video YANG: coming soon to a router near you IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH YANG: coming soon to a router near you Satya Nadella hits Sydney and channels Steve O'Ballmer from eight years ago Is that your television? Or a zero client running a virtual desktop? SpectraLogic SLACSS off to speed HPC archiving Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Gone in 70 seconds: Linux can be owned by holding Enter key If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets Twitter rolls out troll controls DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed Hardware SC 2011 SCC11: Meet the Purdue Boilermakers Have sledgehammer, will cluster 15 Nov 2011 at 18:15, Dan Olds, Gabriel Consulting Dan Olds, Gabriel Consulting Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Cluster Competition, Cluster, Hpc, High Performance Computing, Nvidia Recent Articles IBM lifts lid, unleashes Linux-based x86 killer on unsuspecting world Nvidia welcomes Intel into AI era: Fancy a benchmark deathmatch? Windows 10 pain: Reg man has 75 per cent upgrade failure rate Team vid Purdue is one of two teams that’s participated in the SC11 Student Cluster Competition (SCC) since its inception. They’re a solid team with a half-n-half mixture of rookies and SCC veterans. This year they’re bringing the typical workmanlike Purdue attitude to the competition – along with a plethora of traditional HPC gear. The Boilermaker cluster relies on the latest 10-core Intel Xeon CPUs provided by sponsor Intel. They’re running four quad-socket nodes, which gives them a total of 160 cores to devote to the various challenge applications. At 64GB per node their cluster is mid-range memory-wise, which may put them at a disadvantage vs. a few of their competitors. In the off season, the Purdue team worked on gaining greater understanding of the scientific disciplines associated with the specific workloads in this year’s competition. This approach could pay off; they may have learned tuning secrets that can be gained only through experience – or through picking the brains of those experienced practitioners. Another constant with Team Purdue is their signature sledgehammer. I was concerned when I didn’t see it prominently displayed in their booth as they set up their gear. But it was there today while they were running LINPACK, putting my mind at ease. Check out the video to get an up close and personal look at this crop of Boilermakers. ® Watch Video Sponsored: HPC and HPDA for the Cognitive Journey with OpenPOWER Tips and corrections More from The Register Undergrads build 12.6-TFLOPS cluster out of four nodes, 112 cores HPC Blog New student LINPACK record step 5 Comments Tegile gets IntelliFlash into a cluster duster Cloud Platform for private cloud Student cluster warriors build out 'roomy sedan' clusters HPC Blog Tianhe-2: Where's the manual - we wish we could RTFM Old fashioned engineering: HPC cluster kids would like to thank their fans. No really HPC Blog Gutsy overclockers set new record 2 Comments Nice cluster, kid. But can these supercomputing students actually predict the weather? HPC blog It's hard enough for the Met Office... 4 Comments Home team wins Asia student cluster competition HPC Blog HUST busts out Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile The need for comprehensive email security is greater than ever Email continues to be the most common attack vector by which networks are compromised and malware spread. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Spotlight Virtual reality is actually made of smartphones Brain plague or estate agents? I know which I'd prefer in Virtual Reality Self-stocking internet fridge faces a delivery come down My headset is reading my mind and talking behind my back Penetration tech: BAE Systems' new ammo for Our Boys and Girls Render crashing PCs back to their component silicon: They deserve it The return of (drone) robot wars: Beware of low-flying freezers Will AI spell the end of humanity? The tech industry wants you to think so Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video YANG: coming soon to a router near you IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH YANG: coming soon to a router near you Satya Nadella hits Sydney and channels Steve O'Ballmer from eight years ago Is that your television? Or a zero client running a virtual desktop? SpectraLogic SLACSS off to speed HPC archiving Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Gone in 70 seconds: Linux can be owned by holding Enter key If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets Twitter rolls out troll controls DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed More like this Intel Networking Hardware Enterprise Tech Making connections: The world according to Intel Evolution explained 18 Nov 2011 at 18:18, Trevor Pott Trevor Pott Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Cloud, Sysadmin, Virtualisation, Vmware, Microsoft Recent Articles It's all got complicated: The costs of data recovery In-depth: Supermicro's youngest Twin is a real silent ice maiden Review: McAfee Endpoint Protection for SMB With the year winding down, I'd like to pull out a crystal ball and peer in. It is not my crystal ball I want to examine here but rather Intel's. Let's start with the networking. We all know that Intel makes networking gear. Specifically, it makes some of the best PC network interface cards (NICs) available. It should be a shock to no one, then, that Intel is going whole-hog on 10 Gigabit Ethernet (GbE). Expect to see server LAN on motherboard ports moved entirely to 10GBase-T (10GbE over copper) very shortly. Intel is also kicking up its 10GbE discrete card line, including some very serious investments into converged networking. Let's talk about that converged networking for a moment. Until now, you could run Fibre Channel over Ethernet (FCoE) only if you had the right NIC. Intel's idea is different: it is pushing FCoE as a software stack. It calls it Open FCoE. The idea here is that – like CIFS, NFS or iSCSI – anyone with any NIC could choose to run FCoE. Bolt from the blue Compliant NICs will do task offloading so the FCoE hit doesn't impinge upon the processor, but it is not a requirement to use Open FCoE. Naturally, Intel's NICs support this, just as they support offloading for all sorts of other networking bits. Intel's take interests me. The vendor chose not to attempt TCP offloading as an all-or-nothing option. Most operating systems can't get it right, and in some cases full TCP offloading conflicts with various applications. Intel chose instead to offer the ability to offload elements of the TCP stack one at a time, so you can turn off various bits if they break things. Another interesting nugget to emerge has been a discussion about Thunderbolt, a 10Gb interface. Does Intel have any plans to use it for networking? The company has said emphatically no. Intel intends to treat Thunderbolt as a desktop bus interface. There's really nothing that prevents someone from creating a Thunderbolt NIC, but that is not the same as using Thunderbolt as an inter-system interconnect. Intel is clear here: Thunderbolt is about connecting things to your computer, not connecting computers to one another. Doomed desktop Intel's future is not a radical departure but an evolution. According to the writing that has been on the wall for a while now, we are going to ditch the desktop as we know it. Workstations will still be around, but they will be a lot more niche. USB will connect our widgets to our Ultrabooks, and Thunderbolt will connect our Ultrabooks to their monitors. Those monitors will contain things like powerful external graphics cards, wired networking and the sorts of static peripherals we already expect from our desktops. Keep your eye on that 27in Apple Thunderbolt monitor. Paired with a Macbook Air Ultrabook-style device, this is Intel's desktop of the future. Intel prefers to evolve these standards rather than continue to see rampant interface proliferation. It is backing USB, Thunderbolt and Ethernet. In Intel’s vision of the future of computer connectivity, these are to be the interfaces of the next decade. ® Sponsored: HPC and HPDA for the Cognitive Journey with OpenPOWER Tips and corrections 2 Comments More from The Register Microsoft boffins: Who needs Intel CPUs when you've got FPGAs? Bing searches get speed boost from Catapult integration 39 Comments Intel has driven a dagger through Microsoft's mobile strategy Analysis Possibly not fatal to Continuum – but it doesn’t help 94 Comments Microsoft will rest its jackboot on Windows 7, 8.1's throat on new Intel CPUs in 2018 – not 2017 Some updates for an extra year then just security fixes 105 Comments Intel helps Redmond ingest Objective-C code Accelerate framework added to Windows Bridge for iOS 8 Comments Microsoft keeps schtum as more battery woes hit Surface sufferers Updated Look on the bright side – at least they're not exploding, right Samsung? 61 Comments Intel mulls sale of Intel Security – reports Opinion The game done changed 6 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile The need for comprehensive email security is greater than ever Email continues to be the most common attack vector by which networks are compromised and malware spread. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Spotlight Virtual reality is actually made of smartphones Brain plague or estate agents? I know which I'd prefer in Virtual Reality Self-stocking internet fridge faces a delivery come down My headset is reading my mind and talking behind my back Penetration tech: BAE Systems' new ammo for Our Boys and Girls Render crashing PCs back to their component silicon: They deserve it The return of (drone) robot wars: Beware of low-flying freezers Will AI spell the end of humanity? The tech industry wants you to think so Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video YANG: coming soon to a router near you IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH YANG: coming soon to a router near you Satya Nadella hits Sydney and channels Steve O'Ballmer from eight years ago Is that your television? Or a zero client running a virtual desktop? SpectraLogic SLACSS off to speed HPC archiving Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Gone in 70 seconds: Linux can be owned by holding Enter key If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets Twitter rolls out troll controls DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed More like this Intel Sas Server Controller Hardware SC 2011 Report: SAS controller bug holding up Xeon E5 launch A different bug this time? 28 Nov 2011 at 22:26, Timothy Prickett Morgan Timothy Prickett Morgan Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Cloud, Ibm, Server, Intel, Oracle Recent Articles Juniper open sources Contrail SDN software stack Server hack heads up the stack for a new challenge What's in it for server buyers now that Intel's Xeon E5-2600 v2 is here? Everyone was expecting for Intel to launch the "Sandy Bridge-EP" Xeon E5 processors back in September for delivery in the fourth quarter. Butfor reasons that Intel has never explained – much less admitted that this was the original launch schedule – the E5 processor and its related "Patsburg" chipset has been pushed out to an "early 2012" launch. Unless you were a supercomputer or hyperscale cloud computing customer willing to take the machines under a non-disclosure agreement, that is. Then, if you play your cards right, you could get access to the Xeon E5 chips. A report in DigiTimes says that the E5 processors and their "Romley" platforms, as Intel calls the combination of its processors and chipsets, will come out in the first week of March. Citing unnamed sources in the server supply chain, the publication said that the reason the chips did not launch back in September was because of a bug of some sort in the pairing of the Patsburg C600 chipset and the Xeon E5 processor, which is aimed at two socket servers. You can read all about the Romley platform and Patsburg chipset here in an El Reg exclusive, and you can get the low-down on the forthcoming Xeon E5 motherboards from Intel there. You will recall that the launch of the "Sandy Bridge-DT" Xeon E3-1200 processor for single-socket servers was delayed back in January by a bug in the SAS controller used in the "Cougar Point" Intel 6 chipset, used with Core i5 and i7 variants of the Sandy Bridge processors. The Intel 6 chipset implements four 3Gb/sec SATA ports as well as two 6Gb/sec SATA ports, and only the 3Gb/sec ports were affected by the flaw found in January. OEMs did some testing on the laptop versions of these chipsets and found high bit-error rates on the legacy SATA ports. Intel did its own tests and found that there was a 5 per cent chance a laptop would fail under normal usage with the Sandy Bridge-Cougar Point combo, over the course of three years, and a heavily used machine in a hot environment might see a failure rate as high as 15 per cent. With the desktop chipset delayed, Intel had to double-check the C200 server variant of the Cougar Point chipset before launching later in 2011. Intel had to shell out $300m to cover the costs of manufacturing the faulty PC versions of the Cougar Point chipsets, and took another $700m hit to replace motherboards that OEMs made that had the faulty parts, but because it delayed the launch of the Xeon E3 chips, it didn't take such a hit. If there is a bug in the SAS controller implemented in the Patsburg chipset when used in conjunction with the Xeon E5s, by delaying the manufacturing and launch of the chipsets and boards, Intel could keep its books from being hit a second time by the SAS bug. As you might expect, Intel dodged questions about whether there was a bug in the SAS controller in the Patsburg chipset, or any other bug relating to the Xeon E5, as it has been doing since September. "We are not commenting on rumors and speculations about unannounced products," an Intel spokesman told El Reg via email in response to inquiries. "We are very happy that everyone is so eager to get their hands on our new Intel Xeon E5 processors and based on SC11 published HPC benchmarks results it is clear that this will be extremely high performing platform." As far as El Reg knows, the Romley platforms will support a variety of SAS and SATA ports, depending on the Patsburg chipset chosen. The C600-A has four 6Gb/sec SATA ports, the C600-B adds 6Gb/sec SAS support, the C600-D adds for more SATA ports or two more SAS ports for a maximum of eight ports, and the C600-T adds for software-based RAID 5 data striping across the SATA drives. Interestingly, the Patsburg chipset does not support legacy 3Gb/sec SATA ports. "In the more than two decades that I have been watching Intel, the company never makes the same mistake twice," Nathan Brookwood, principal analyst at chip watcher Insight 64, told El Reg. "If there is a problem with the SAS controller, it is something different." And with Advanced Micro Devices' Opteron 4200 and 6200 processors not exactly putting a lot of pressure on Intel – at least not like AMD did back in 2003 through 2007 – Intel can afford to take the time to get the Romley platform right. The one thing that people were murmuring about back at Intel Developer Forum in September, and the SC11 supercomputing conference earlier this month, is that whatever is holding up the Xeon E5 launch might have to do with performance issues on the on-chip PCI-Express 3.0 controllers that the processors sport. This is the first on-chip implementation of the PCI-Express Gen 3 controller among any chip maker, and there are bound to be issues here, too, between processors, chipsets, and adapter cards (such as 56Gb/sec FDR InfiniBand cards, which require PCI-Express Gen 3) with so many technologies all changing at the same time. Intel refused to comment on the matter at both IDF and SC11 and stood steadfast to its position that it never promised the Xeon E5s this year, that it will ship lots of them this year despite them not being formally launched, and that everything is hunky dory. ® Sponsored: HPC and HPDA for the Cognitive Journey with OpenPOWER Tips and corrections 1 Comment More from The Register AMD is a rounding error on Intel's spreadsheet and that sucks for us all Zen biz's only hope is to avoid Chipzilla's wrath, it seems 52 Comments The calm before the storm: AMD's Zen bears down on Intel CPUs More details confirmed ahead of 2017 desktop, server launch – and don't mention ARM 78 Comments AMD accuses Intel of VW-like results fudging Revives ancient SYSmark dispute 39 Comments Latest Intel, AMD chips will only run Windows 10 ... and Linux, BSD, OS X Water cooler El Reg answers your questions while you wait for make all to finish 156 Comments AMD will sell server CPUs at Happy Meal prices so you can supersize servers ARM vs. x86 can wait as first decent Xeon alternatives in ages pressure Chipzilla 26 Comments EU legal eagle: Euro court should review Intel's €1.6bn fine Chipzilla market share WAS overstated, claims Advocate General 6 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile The need for comprehensive email security is greater than ever Email continues to be the most common attack vector by which networks are compromised and malware spread. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Spotlight Virtual reality is actually made of smartphones Brain plague or estate agents? I know which I'd prefer in Virtual Reality Self-stocking internet fridge faces a delivery come down My headset is reading my mind and talking behind my back Penetration tech: BAE Systems' new ammo for Our Boys and Girls Render crashing PCs back to their component silicon: They deserve it The return of (drone) robot wars: Beware of low-flying freezers Will AI spell the end of humanity? The tech industry wants you to think so Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video YANG: coming soon to a router near you IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH YANG: coming soon to a router near you Satya Nadella hits Sydney and channels Steve O'Ballmer from eight years ago Is that your television? Or a zero client running a virtual desktop? SpectraLogic SLACSS off to speed HPC archiving Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Gone in 70 seconds: Linux can be owned by holding Enter key If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets Twitter rolls out troll controls DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed More like this Intel Hpc Hardware Enterprise Tech Couldn't be there? Our conference vids for you The Register and Intel LIVE 2011 2 Dec 2011 at 12:14, Phil Mitchell Phil Mitchell Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Cloud, Virtualisation Recent Articles Test drive Microsoft Azure Win a monster laptop The Register is rocking on Windows Phone 7 Last week The Register teamed up with Intel to put on an all-day conference in Millbank, central London. We had a great line-up of speakers, which included Professor Brian Cox and security God Bruce Schneier - for me a stand-out. We filmed the proceedings for those of you who couldn't be there. The event went down a storm with the invitation-only audience (which included five winners of a lucky dip competition). And we think you will like it too. So to our video /show report. Dr Genevieve Bell, anthropologist and Intel Fellow, opened the day with her keynote on what would Data look like if it were a person. She is a thought-provoking and accomplished speaker. Watch Video Ed Moore, ex-CTO of Carphone Warehouse and now on his third mobile start-up, was next up talking about the evolution of the smartphone. Among other things, he points to the dangers that RIM faces. His presentation is here (pdf). Watch Video We threw Genevieve and Ed to the mercy of the attendees with a Q and A hosted by The Register’s Tim Phillips. Watch Video Our second session was all about HPC and kicked off with Peter Maccallum from Cancer Research UK talking about HPC skills, challenges and science. His presentation is here. Watch Video Martha Bennett from our the analyst firm Freeform Dynamics was next on stage to dive into the facts and fiction of Big Data. You can download her presentation here. Watch Video Closing off the HPC session, Peter and Martha take questions from the floor. Watch Video Next up, the security session began with Jim Walter from McAfee who runs through the latest Malware threats and the rise of Hactivism. His presentation is here. Watch Video Continuing our stride into security, Dr Bruce Schneier took the stage with a must-see talk about Cyber War. Watch Video As Bruce closed off his talk, Jim and Tim joined him on stage to take questions from the floor. Watch Video We dipped into science for final session. Professor Brian Cox who did an excellent talk on fundamental physic. Sadly, we can’t compete with BBC contracts, so we don’t have any video of Brian, but you you can read our write up here. Following our fop haired hero was Andrzej Nowak from CERN with a presentation titled: From Femtoscale to Exascale: Computing at CERN. If you’ve ever wondered how these guys do what they do, watch this – it’s quite amazing. Watch Video Andrzej's presentation is here. ® Sponsored: HPC and HPDA for the Cognitive Journey with OpenPOWER Tips and corrections 3 Comments More from The Register Intel mulls sale of Intel Security – reports Opinion The game done changed 6 Comments Intel is shipping an ARM-based FPGA. Repeat, Intel is shipping an ARM-based FPGA Nobody tell Linux, okay? 30 Comments Intel-supported Open HPC stack to land in Q4 Shrink-wrapped software stack for big ironmongers 2 Comments IBM Bluemix to offer Intel 3D XPoint-powered cloud in late 2017 First comes a cloud testbed so we can figure out what non-volatile memory is good for 2 Comments EU legal eagle: Euro court should review Intel's €1.6bn fine Chipzilla market share WAS overstated, claims Advocate General 6 Comments Intel taps baton, tells the IoT orchestra to tune up Chipzilla updates dev environment for Thing connectivity Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile The need for comprehensive email security is greater than ever Email continues to be the most common attack vector by which networks are compromised and malware spread. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Spotlight Virtual reality is actually made of smartphones Brain plague or estate agents? I know which I'd prefer in Virtual Reality Self-stocking internet fridge faces a delivery come down My headset is reading my mind and talking behind my back Penetration tech: BAE Systems' new ammo for Our Boys and Girls Render crashing PCs back to their component silicon: They deserve it The return of (drone) robot wars: Beware of low-flying freezers Will AI spell the end of humanity? The tech industry wants you to think so Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video YANG: coming soon to a router near you IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH YANG: coming soon to a router near you Satya Nadella hits Sydney and channels Steve O'Ballmer from eight years ago Is that your television? Or a zero client running a virtual desktop? SpectraLogic SLACSS off to speed HPC archiving Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Gone in 70 seconds: Linux can be owned by holding Enter key If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets Twitter rolls out troll controls DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed Hardware Enterprise Tech El Reg takes man for romantic weekend for two at Intel chip factory Fab trip to Intel Fab 9 Dec 2011 at 12:14, Phil Mitchell Phil Mitchell Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Cloud, Virtualisation Recent Articles Test drive Microsoft Azure Win a monster laptop The Register is rocking on Windows Phone 7 So what do you get when you enter a competition on the Reg? The leftovers from the Cash and Carrion bin? Whatever unboxed review kit we’ve managed to hide from the courier? Or a cracking weekend for two in a luxury hotel in one of the world’s liveliest cities, with a trip to Europe’s most advanced chip factory thrown in. For free. For Kevin Ellis, technical architect for a rather large British manufacturing group, it was the latter. All for absent-mindedly entering a competition sponsored by Intel on the lovely topic of Desktop Virtualisation, and winning. So it was that Kevin, and his better half, were whisked by Vulture Air to Dublin, and installed at the glamorous Westbury Hotel which is rated even more highly than the average Andrew Orlowski story on The Register. After a night taking in the sights of the city on the Liffey, Kevin popped into a late morning cab to be whizzed out of the city to Intel’s Leixlip campus, where he was met by El Reg’s own Joe Fay. Kevin was treated to an in-depth briefing on where Intel was going with Desktop Virtualisation - which is handy, as that’s what the competition was all about. After that he was treated to an Intel lunch - like your normal, excellent Irish lunch, but even healthier - with Martin Curley, the director of Intel Labs Europe. The Leixlip labs specialise in Reg reader top topics, including cloud, enterprise IT, health, energy efficiency and security. Kevin and Joe were then thoroughly briefed on what the manufacturing plant does. This included being handed a 12 inch silicon wafer. One of those babies has around 500 chips on it, so it’s entirely possible Kevin was holding around $500,000 in his hand. For about 30 seconds. So, we then headed off on a tour of the Fab itself. The Fab is in the midst of an upgrade, linking four existing production lines, to create one mega chip baking powerhouse Imagine, if you will standing in a corridor in your local NHS general, pressing your nose up against a window, where on the other side you can see pods of 20 wafers a time being whizzed round the lines, with occasional interjections by mysterious bunny suited geniuses. Stirring stuff. And that’s even before you think about the bleeding edge tools in the site’s testing labs. We can’t say too much about those, but were Blofeld ever looking for a selection of top end scientific devices to really get under Bond’s skin, he could do worse than start there. Intel has invested around $6bn in the Leixlip facility to date, and the latest $500m should keep the 360 acre former stud farm busy for years to come. Which is great, as we'd love to go back for an even closer look. After that it was back to the airport for a quick pint of Guinness and stocking up on Tayto crisps. For Joe anyway. Kevin was whisked back into Dublin reunited with his shopped out Mrs, before a romantic dinner for two. ® Sponsored: HPC and HPDA for the Cognitive Journey with OpenPOWER Tips and corrections 7 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile The need for comprehensive email security is greater than ever Email continues to be the most common attack vector by which networks are compromised and malware spread. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Spotlight Virtual reality is actually made of smartphones Brain plague or estate agents? I know which I'd prefer in Virtual Reality Self-stocking internet fridge faces a delivery come down My headset is reading my mind and talking behind my back Penetration tech: BAE Systems' new ammo for Our Boys and Girls Render crashing PCs back to their component silicon: They deserve it The return of (drone) robot wars: Beware of low-flying freezers Will AI spell the end of humanity? The tech industry wants you to think so Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Press Releases   InterCoastal Net Designs Press Release Share      Blog Receive press releases from InterCoastal Net Designs: By Email PDF Version RSS Feeds: ICND Awarded Best Vacation Rental Site of 2016 InterCoastal Net Designs was awarded best vacation rental site of 2016 by VRM Intel. Ocean Isle Beach, NC, October 25, 2016 --(PR.com)-- VRM Intel announced the winners of the best vacation rental management websites of 2016, awarding TopSail-Realty.com, developed by InterCoastal Net Designs as the #1 Vacation Rental Website of 2016. The website met all the major criteria set by VRM Intel to come in first place. The site has urgency marketing calls to action, video tours, a split-payment option, a unique designation for properties that offer specials, and an attractive lead capture form that appears when the user is trying to exit the booking path. VRM Intel announced the “overall design is incredibly sharp and has a heavy focus on e-commerce with an Airbnb-type feel that also markets the destination and vacation lifestyle.” In addition, “the site performs well on tablets and other mobile devices, and professional photos, well-written descriptions, and an easy-to-understand rate table help to communicate trust and credibility.” “Collaborating with our clients and visualizing their needs is an exciting process. Through our tailored website solutions, automated tools and innovative marketing strategies, our clients have successfully seen increased revenue and traffic results. The entire ICND team is honored to be recognized with this award. We see this as a great compliment to the outstanding work we produce,” said Brandon Sauls, President and Owner of ICND. Dozens of companies sent in more than 30 entries to be judged. VRM Intel increased the judging criteria from 20 to 34 factors for 2016, including categories in design, on-site search functionality, property display booking paths, area information, search engine ranking, site errors, speed and lead generation. Every website submitted was launched within the past 12 months.The entries followed some of the best practices being utilized by major online travel agencies (OTAs) and have included a map view in their search results, the ability to search with flexible dates, and urgency marketing techniques. Each website included a responsive design, large home page images, simple booking paths, detailed refined search option and professional photographs of their rentals. InterCoastal Net Designs and TopSail Realty Vacations were excited to be the recipients of this years award. TopSail Realty announced on Twitter they are “thrilled to be awarded ‘Best #VacationRental Website’ for 2016 by @VRMIntel!” Contact Information InterCoastal Net Designs Brandon Sauls 866-249-6095 Contact www.icoastalnet.com Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from InterCoastal Net Designs Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help
  Processors PC Cases Video Cards Motherboards Storage Mobile Memory Cooling Misc News Home | Forum | Shop | RSS Search Legit Reviews News  Intel Introduces PCIe M.2 for the Data Center with DC P3100 Series Intel Introduces PCIe M.2 for the Data Center with DC P3100 Series Posted by Nathan Kirsch | Tue, Oct 25, 2016 - 12:40 PM Today Intel further expanded its portfolio of 3D NAND solid state drives (SSDs) with the introduction of the Intel SSD DC P3100 Series – the company’s first PCIe / NVMe-based SSD on the M.2 form factor for the data center. The new drive extends Intel’s 30-year commitment in offering innovative memory technologies, and long-term plan to transform the economics of storage across market segments with trusted, breakthrough Intel 3D NAND SSDs. The DC P3100 Series offers the high bandwidth performance of PCIe at SATA-level value for read intensive data center applications. It is ideal as a boot drive for cloud providers, web hosting. The DC P3100 Series has a lower total cost of ownership than traditional hard disk drives through lower power utilization, simpler maintenance and reduced annual failure rates – all backed by Intel quality and reliability, including a 5-year warranty. The DC P3100 is validated across data center workloads and offers better together functionality with Intel Xeon processors. The Intel SSD DC P3100 Series is available in 128GB to 1.0TB capacities starting October 25th through a variety of channel partners. The performance of each capacity is different, but the 1TB DC P3100 has sequential read/write speeds of 1,800 MB/s and 175 MB/s. The read performance is phenomenal on these drives as most cloud and web servers do mostly reads. Intel specifically notes that this drive is ideal for boot, search indexing, edge caching and web hosting.  The Random 4K performance is 114,000 IOPS read and 9,000 IOPS write. If you drop down to the entry-level 128GB drive you are looking at sequential performance numbers of 720 MB/s read and 55 MB/s write. Not super fast, but these are aimed at those with value-based needs in the data center. For more information on the DC P3100 Series, and all Intel 3D NAND SSDs visit Intel.com/SSD or here. YOUDIEMOFO Why is it that the writing speed of these drives are pure garbage…?!? Not sure what “new” technology truly takes a step back In performance when putting out a new iteration of something. I get it that it is the 3D nand tech and all, but if it does not perform as good if not better than the immediate comepetion then what good is it to out something like this. There are many more faster solutions that have been being used for a longer time. Check out LegitReviews' Polls on LockerDome on LockerDome Tweets by @LegitReviews Explore Editorial Events Interviews News Forum Folding Shop Content Bluetooth Cooling Editorial Events Interviews Memory Misc Mobile Mods and Ends Motherboards News PC Cases Power Supply Press Releases Processors Reviews Storage Video Cards About Contact Us Disclaimer About Us Follow Us         Copyright © 2002-2016 LegitReviews.com - All Rights Reserved.  
<script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=1000&h=100&posid=17&x=js'></script> authorizing (0) (0)   Sign Up  |  Login hello, |  Log out  Advanced Search Follow us @  |  <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=248&h=87&posid=18&x=js'></script> Shanghai Mostly Cloudy/Haze °C  | °F 23°C 31°C Home Business View more »Latest Business News Chinese eying overseas homes set to grow JD.com’s Q3 revenue exceeds estimates Extended Time For Cross-Border Retail Scrutiny Hyundai to spin off firms to improve efficiency Explore Business Auto Autotalk Special Benchmark Biz Commentary Biz Special Consumer Economy Energy Finance Finance Special IT Manufacturing Media Real estate Real Estate Special Transport Metro View more »Latest Metro News Hidden books on Chinese subways met with mixed response Man nabbed for using fake car plate Public To Get A Greater Say Garlic gets costly, but veges cheaper Jobless gambler lands back in prison City to factor in credit history for job appointments, decisions Explore Metro Education Entertainment and culture Environment Expat community Health and science In-depth Interactive Services Society Nation World Sports View more »Latest Sports News San Marino hits back at Mueller China’s 2018 hopes hit with draw Messi’s bumpy ride Jellyfish attack Explore Sports American football Athletics Awards Badminton Baseball Basketball Boxing Cricket Cycling Diving Doping East Asian games Golf Gymnastics Ice hockey Motor racing Motorcycling Olympics Rugby Sailing Skating Skiing Snooker Soccer Swimming Table tennis Tennis Feature View more »Latest Feature News A panoply of sights and sounds to explore Kashgar’s resplendent past survives in redevelopment Orchestra From Ukraine Violinist Kyung Wha Chung presents Bach's unaccompanied pieces Chile’s National Day festivities made special by visit of Esmeralda Jews: Extraordinary characters in troubled times Explore Feature Animal planet Art and culture Community District special Education News Feature People Events and TV Health and environment iDEAL Travel Mice StyleHai Opinion View more »Latest Opinion News For better or worse, modern obsession with consumption changes everything The end of US soft power as fear overtakes hope? US professor lays out top policy priorities, possibilities as Trump enters White House Misconceptions around growth of business education slow spread of vital knowledge Explore Opinion Opinion Columns Book review China Knowledge Chinese Views Foreign Views Global Lens on China View more »Opinion Columns Wang Yong Opinion editor of Shanghai Daily   Spirit of ancient Dunhuang offers model for confident exchange between civilizations Bamboo flute player who has a heart of gold Sunday View more »Latest Vibe News Dinosaur brain tissue identified Please do not cuddle the animals Thai companies join in Singles Day online shopathon Tourists flock to Bangladeshi safari park ‘Billy Lynn’s’ a mesmerizing trip Verhoeven’s ‘Elle’ smoulders with lust Explore Vibe Book City scene Film Home and design Now and then Style Technology Viral PDF Subscribe Latest news: China cautious on groundbreaking digital currency plan Beijing preparing for heavy pollution for following three days Trapped Chinese tourists safely evacuated from quake-hit area in New Zealand Hidden books on Chinese subways met with mixed response Eco-activists swim Dead Sea to raise awareness The story appears on Page A9 October 26, 2016 GET this page in PDF Free for subscribers View shopping cart Related News Global Lens on China 外媒看中国 Lippi begins tenure as China coach, target still World Cup 里皮正式执掌中国国家队，目标世界杯 View more » Photo Sets Brad Pitt greeted by swarms of fans at 'Allied' Shanghai premiere Celebrating one-month-old birthday 'Rose Wedding' on the Bund First Shanghai-born panda cub officially named View more » Home » Business Intel’s startup funding Source: Shanghai Daily | October 26, 2016, Wednesday | Print Edition INTEL Corp said yesterday that it will invest US$38 million from its Intel Capital fund in 12 startups globally, including two Chinese firms. The funds will be ploughed into devices and services for seniors and disabled individuals, advanced audio for 360-degree virtual reality systems, data, connectivity and human-like vision systems for connected cars. The two Chinese startups are Shanghai-based Grand Chip Microelectronics which offers Wi-Fi components for high-speed connection among Internet of Things devices, and Jiangsu-based Eazytec, a smart city developer and service provider. Business <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=300&h=250&posid=31&x=js'></script> <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=300&h=250&posid=55&x=js'></script> Most Read Today Weekly Monthly Work on new Metro Line 14 stations to start HK pair disqualified as lawmakers Xi casts his vote For better or worse, modern obsession with consumption changes everything Nail-gun murderer executed Singles Day expects record takings Stricter smoking ban from March Xi congratulates America’s victor Shanghai facing big diabetes problem Toddler Survives after Glass Door Falls on Her Chinese archaeologist refutes BBC report on Terracotta Warriors Foreign trio show how not to win friends abroad Huangpu to have its own Lujiazui Last time it was this wet in Shanghai was in 1875 Airport officials lose licenses after near miss <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=125&h=125&posid=21&x=js'></script> <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=160&h=600&posid=20&x=js'></script> Latest News China cautious on groundbreaking digital currency plan Beijing preparing for heavy pollution for following three days Trapped Chinese tourists safely evacuated from quake-hit area in New Zealand Hidden books on Chinese subways met with mixed response Eco-activists swim Dead Sea to raise awareness View more » Latest Business News Samsung’s phone just for China Min’an Auto gets coveted e-car permit JD.com’s Q3 revenue exceeds estimates Extended Time For Cross-Border Retail Scrutiny Push for 3D printing Hollywood studio deal View more » °C | °F Shanghai Weather Loading... Loading... Loading... Details » China Weather Loading... More » World Weather Loading... More » City Specials Hangzhou Ningbo Chengdu Suzhou District Specials Chongming Pudong Huangpu Zhabei Jiading Minhang Songjiang Putuo Singapore Switzerland Germany France View more » Country Profiles Our Partners Find your friends and love powered by Explore the site Metro Education, Entertainment and culture, Environment, Expat community, Health and science, Society, In-depth, Services... Nation World Business Auto, Consumer, Economy, Energy, Finance, Real estate... Opinion Chinese perspectives, Foreign perspectives, Columnists.. Sports Basketball, Boxing, Cricket, Golf, Diving, Rugby, Soccer, Tennis... Features Art and culture, Community, Education, Animal planet, Travel... Sunday Book, City Scene, Film, Home and design, Now and Then, Style, Technology, The Week... Districts Minhang Supplement Odd PDF Multimedia Photo Sets, Cartoon, Video In-depth Reports Services Subscribe, Contact Us, RSS Center About Us | Terms of Use | RSS | Privacy Policy | Contact Us | Shanghai Call Center: 962288 沪ICP证：沪ICP备05050403 | 网络视听许可证：0909346 | 广播电视节目制作许可证：沪字第354号 | 增值电信业务经营许可证：沪B2-20120012   Copyright © 1999- Shanghai Daily. All rights reserved.Preferably viewed with Internet Explorer 8 or newer browsers. 沪公网安备 31010602000204号 Email this to your friend Hey, I found this on Shanghai Daily and thought you might be interested in it. Send it! Congratulations! Your email has been sent! Thanks for sharing. Would you like to sign up for our daily newsletter? 7x per week Sign up! No thanks. ﻿
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     Networking   /   Intel, ARM Up Competition in IoT With New Chips, More Security       Intel, ARM Up Competition in IoT With New Chips, More Security     By Jeffrey Burt  |  Posted 2016-10-25 Print               Intel is rolling out the Atom E3900 low-power chips for the IoT, while ARM is unveiling a range of IoT products, from new SoCs to an SaaS offering. Chip rivals Intel and ARM are making deeper pushes into the increasingly competitive internet of things arena. At the IoT Solutions World Congress in Barcelona, Spain, Oct. 25, Intel officials unveiled the latest iteration of its low-power Atom processors, the E3900 series (pictured), which is aimed at IoT applications and comes with greater levels of performance, security and image and video processing power, according to officials. The chips will drive greater intelligence to the fog and edge of the network. For its part, at the opening day of the company's TechCon 2016 show in Santa Clara, Calif., ARM officials are rolling out a suite of products—from new chip designs and radio technology to a cloud-based services platform—that they say will deliver greater security, low-power connectivity and efficiency to IoT environments. The new offerings come as the IoT continues to grow—officials with both Intel and Cisco Systems are predicting that by 2020, there will be more than 50 billion connected devices, systems and sensors worldwide generating 44 zettabytes of data each year—and security continues to be a concern, as evidenced by the recent high-profile distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attack that impacted such big-name sites as Twitter, Spotify and GitHub. With the number of devices becoming connected and the amount of data being generated—and the need for greater security in the wide-open IoT space—tech vendors are looking to become key providers in the IoT market. "There is a lot of opportunity from the edge through the core of the network … as well as in the data center," Ken Caviasca, vice president of Intel's IoT Group and general manager of platform engineering and development, told eWEEK. Under CEO Brian Krzanich, Intel has been aggressively expanding its reach in a broad range of growth areas, including the IoT, where he wants Intel to provide the foundational technologies for all connected systems, from the network edge to the cloud and data center. The focus of the E3900 is driving more intelligence and processing power to the edge and in the fog, enabling more of the the collection, storage and analysis of the data to be done nearer the devices themselves. The 14-nanometer E3900 series provides 1.7 times the computing power of the previous generation of Atom systems-on-a-chip (SoCs) to help deliver faster memory speeds and bandwidth farther out on the network. It's also built into a compact flip chip ball grid array (FCBGA) design, helping to make it a good fit for a broad array of IoT uses where scalable performance, space and power are important. Among the new features are Intel's ninth-generation graphics engine that delivers 2.9 times the 3D graphics performance of its predecessors and supports up to three displays. In addition, there are four vector image processing units for better visibility and quality video in low light, and Intel's Time Coordinated Computing Technology for synchronizing peripherals and networks of connected devices, creating network accuracy within a microsecond. Bringing more processing power out to the network edge is important, given the use cases envisioned for the SoCs, such as software-defined cockpits in vehicles, from driving digital gauges and navigation to driving backup sensors and side-collision avoidance. Caviasca also pointed to high-end IP cameras, where in-device analytics is important. There also are new and enhanced security features, including the Trusted Execution Engine 3.0, a dedicated security coprocessor, that's designed to keep malware away from IoT devices by not booting if there are any changes to the software code. In addition, it monitors the device to check it for physical tampering. Caviasca said the E3900 series is just the latest step for Intel in an IoT effort that will include other Atom SoCs as well as Core and Xeon chips. ARM officials are looking to build upon the 15 billion chips that its partners shipped last year, many of which they said were used for smart embedded devices. The company, which creates chip designs that are then licensed to processor manufacturers, has seen the IoT as a key market for several years. IoT security was a key focus at the TechCon show last year. "The IoT already runs on ARM but the goal now is scale, which we are enabling today through a uniquely comprehensive set of technologies and services built to work together seamlessly," Pete Hutton, executive vice president and president of product groups at ARM, said in a statement.   Page 1 of 2 1 2 Next »           LATEST NETWORKING ARTICLES   Nutanix Brings Networking Into Its Enterprise Cloud Platform Cypress Adds Connectivity Option to WICED IoT Platform BT, CA Make Deeper Pushes Into Growing SD-WAN Space Cisco Brings Flexible Payments, App Site to Spark Collaboration Tool Dell EMC, SnapRoute Expand Contributions to OpenSwitch Project                 Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend         News and Reviews Slideshows IBM Aims Watson at Embodied Cognition Microsoft Advances 'Any Developer, Any App, Any Platform' Strategy Google Will Tag Frequent Violators of Its Site Safety Standards Intel Lights Up the Sky With New Shooting Star Drone Old School Polling Methods Hid Trump's Popularity With Voters 10 Reasons Not to Buy the Apple MacBo... Apple is scheduled to release the MacBook Pro with Touch Bar mid-No... Watch Now                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
null

Welcome, Guest Log in | Register Home   Slideshows   Blogs   IT Downloads   Research Center   Newsletters   Sponsored Content IT Management   Data Center   Cloud   Careers   Mobility   Security   Enterprise Apps   Social Media   Big Data   Internet of Things Home      Blogs      IT Unmasked      Intel Stakes IoT Claim Related Content Blog :  Now Is the Time to Deal with IoT, Consumer Gear and Security Article :  Telecom and Fleet Management Enjoy a Close Relationship Intel Stakes IoT Claim Mike Vizard |   IT Unmasked   |   Posted 25 Oct, 2016          |         |     Share 5 Questions CIOs and CFOs Need to Ask to Prepare for IoT An Internet of Things (IoT) environment represents one of the most distributed computing endeavors any IT organization is likely to undertake. Intel wants to make sure, to every extent possible, that every system in the distributed IoT environment is running an Intel processor. At the IoT Solutions World Congress conference today, Intel unveiled the Intel Atom processor E3900 series, which employs 14-nanometer silicon to push processing horsepower all the way out to the very edge of distributed IoT environments. Ken Caviasca, vice president of the Intel IoT Group and general manager of platform engineering, says the goal for the Intel Atom processors E3900 series, designed to be deployed either in a sensor or right next to one, is to provide a common processing framework from the edge to the cloud. Often referred to as fog computing, the Intel Atom processors E3900 series includes a graphics engine to help drive local processing of analytics applications as close as possible to the original source of the IoT data. Obviously, Intel has a lot of competitors when it comes to the IoT. In addition to Intel’s offering, many organizations are employing everything from ARM processors to customizable field programmable gate arrays (FPGAs). But Caviasca says Intel processors make it easier to converge operational technology (OT) systems with backend information technology (IT) systems that are usually already based on Intel processors. “Any processor can be used to connect to the Internet,” says Caviasca. “But that’s not the same thing as enabling convergence.” Of course, the biggest IoT challenge most organizations might face has less to do with technology than people and processes. The individuals responsible for OT systems don’t often see the world the same way traditional IT people do. It’s clear IoT is the next big technology frontier. Now, it’s not so much a question of if an organization is going to leverage IoT, but rather to what degree.          |         |     Share Add Comment      Leave a comment on this blog post Nov 5, 2016 8:36 AM Surinder Singh  says: I'm very grateful for that information. Reply Please enable Javascript in your browser, before you post the comment! Now Javascript is disabled. Post a comment  Your name/nickname  Your email  WebSite  Subject (Maximum characters: 1200). You have 1200 characters left.     Subscribe to our Newsletters Sign up now and get the best business technology insights direct to your inbox. SUBSCRIBE   Property of Quinstreet Enterprise. Sitemap | Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | About Us | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright © 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2014 Quinstreet Inc. All right reserved.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Report: New Apple Inc. iMac Computers on Track for Early 2017 Release Per a report from respected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, Apple will refresh its desktop systems in early 2017. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Oct 25, 2016 at 10:00AM Later this week, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is hosting an event at which it is expected to unveil new MacBook computers. What wasn't clear -- at least until now -- was whether the company would make next-generation iMac desktop computers available alongside the new MacBook computers. Apple's current iMac lineup. Image source: Apple.  According to KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, the answer to that question is "no." Kuo says that his team expects Apple to release updated 21.5-inch and 27-inch iMacs in the middle of the first half of 2017. That, at least to this Fool, seems to suggest that they will launch in the March-to-April timeframe -- perhaps not so coincidentally around the time that Apple held its "Spring Forward" event earlier this year. That makes a ton of sense. Here's why. Apple shouldn't update the iMac until Kaby Lake launches The current MacBook Air and MacBook Pro computers use old processor technology from Intel (NASDAQ:INTC). The Air machines use Intel's fifth-generation Core processors, which launched back in early 2015. Intel has been shipping its sixth-generation Core processors for quite some time and is currently rolling out its seventh-generation Core processors. The MacBook Pro line is a mixed bag; the 13-inch MacBook Pro uses a fifth-generation Core processor, but the 15-inch MacBook Pro still uses a fourth-generation Core processor. The bottom line is that the MacBook Pro computers need to be upgraded at this point. In contrast, Apple's iMac lineup is in better shape in this regard. The 27-inch iMacs use Intel's sixth-generation Core processors -- the latest desktop processors currently available -- while the 21.5-inch models use a fifth-generation Core processor. Apple simply can't deliver a processor upgrade for the 27-inch iMac until early next year, when Intel's seventh-generation Core processors for desktops are expected to be available. The 21.5-inch model could potentially be updated to a sixth-generation Core processor at the October event, but it would be very strange for Apple to update just one model now. Apple's Mac business should have several good quarters Apple's Mac business should get a much-needed shot in the arm with the launch of the new MacBook systems during the October event. Apple should be able to help keep the Mac's momentum up with the launch of the new iMacs early next year. Going forward, if Apple can deliver new Mac systems at roughly an annual cadence, then it should be able to defend, if not grow, its market share within the world of personal computers going forward. However, if the company lets its Mac products stagnate again, then it risks the resumption of the market share losses it has suffered in recent quarters. Although Apple's overall revenues and profits are still dominated by sales of its iPhone line of smartphones, the Mac is still an important part of its business. During its last fiscal year, Apple's Mac product line was responsible for more than $25 billion in revenue -- more than 10% of the $233.7 billion in revenue that the company took in during that time. Apple doesn't live or die by the Mac, but until there is convincing evidence that the company's iPhone business will return to growth, the company can't afford any self-inflicted wounds to any of its major operating segments.  Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Oct 25, 2016 at 10:00AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $107.11 up $1.40 (1.32%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.91 up $0.43 (1.25%) Read More Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 Apple, Inc. Is Still Working on Cracking India Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Apple Inc. Why Apple Inc.'s "Modem Gate" Doesn’t Matter Apple Earnings: Digging Through Services and Guidance Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
null
Home Search Silicon IP Search Verification IP Latest News Industry Articles Industry Expert Blogs Videos Slides Events ≡ Menu Design And Reuse Login | Subscribe design-reuse.cn | design-reuse-embedded.com | design-reuse-enterprise.com | About D&R | English Chinese Login | Subscribe to D&R SoC News Alert Design And Reuse Search IP Categories Silicon IP Analog & Mixed Signal Storage Controller & PHY Graphic & Peripheral Interface Controller & PHY Processors & Microcontrollers Memory & Logic Library Security Multimedia Wireline Communication Wireless Communication Silicon IP Vendors   Verification IP Search / Browse Verification IP Vendors Software IP Search / Browse Software IP Vendors     Additional Services Wanted IPs IP Analytics Featured Products 130nm OTP Non Volatile Memory for Standard CMOS Logic Process MIPI D-PHY TSMC 28nm HPC @ 2.5Ghz 12-bit 120-MSPS IQ SAR ADC [8714to-gp] 10-bit, 300MSPS 3.3V Triple Current Steering Video DAC in TSMC 55GP News Categories IP/SoC Products Embedded Systems Foundries FPGA Fabless / IDM Deals Legal Business Financial Results People Commentary / Analysis 20 Most Popular News Latest News Brite Semiconductor Announces DDR4 IP Achieve 2400 Mbps on SMIC 40nm Process Tuesday Nov. 15, 2016 Siemens to expand its digital industrial leadership with acquisition of Mentor Graphics Monday Nov. 14, 2016 Creonic Delivers New CCSDS LDPC Forward Error Correction IP Core Thursday Nov. 10, 2016 Industry Articles Categories IP/SoC Products Embedded Systems Foundries FPGA Business 20 Most Popular Articles Featured Articles Do SoC Architects Have to Get Physical? Monday Nov. 14, 2016 A Look at New Open Standards to Improve Reliability and Redundancy of Automotive Ethernet Thursday Nov. 10, 2016 Adaptive Rate Control Algorithm Monday Oct. 31, 2016 Blogs Industry Expert Blogs IP-SoC 2016: IP Innovation, Foundries, IoT and Security SemiWiki - Eric Esteve US Plans To Scupper China's Chip Ambitions Mannerisms - David Manners Is FPGA Intel Next Big Thing for IoT ? SemiWiki - Eric Esteve Videos Slides Events IP-SOC Days 2016 IP-SOC 2016 Archives IP-SOC 2015 IP-SOC 2014 IP-SOC 2013 IP-SOC 2012 IP-SOC 2011 IP-SOC 2010 Choose a filter Full Site Search Silicon IP Verification IP Software IP News Industry Articles Intel, ARM Battle over IoT Explosion of end nodes makes MCUs strategic Rick Merritt, EETimes 10/25/2016 09:00 AM EDT SANTA CLARA, Calif. — The battle for the Internet of Things heats up this week as Intel and ARM fire off competing announcements to establish their microprocessor architectures on its broad frontiers. Intel announced its first Atom SoC with real-time capabilities tailored for automotive and industrial markets. Less than two miles away from Intel’s headquarters, ARM kicked off its annual developer’s conference with news it is bringing hardware security to its lowest-end microcontroller cores. ARM has a clear lead in the emerging ground game for end nodes with its Cortex-M microcontrollers. Intel, the world’s largest semiconductor company, ranks 17th among MCU vendors with its relatively new Quark x86 chips, making it about equal with Panasonic and Sharp according to market watcher IHS Inc. Click here to read more ... E-mail This Article Printer-Friendly Page Search Silicon IP 16,000 IP Cores from 450 Vendors   Related News Counterpoint:With MIPS still growing, battle isn't over Why ARM has the upper hand over Intel: analysts ARM's Got Leverage in Intel Battle Intel, ARM on even footing in Net of Things, says IDC ARM gets weapon in server battle vs. Intel   Breaking News Packet Introduces Global ARMv8-A Bare Metal Cloud to Power Container and IoT Workloads Imagination Technologies Adopts Synopsys STAR Memory System for Embedded Memory Test and Repair for New MIPS Processor SMIC and IMECAS Sign A Cooperation Agreement for MEMS R&D and Foundry Platform Brite Semiconductor Announces DDR4 IP Achieve 2400 Mbps on SMIC 40nm Process Real Intent Announces Meridian RDC, a New Product for Reset Domain Crossing Sign-off   See Latest News >> Most Popular Siemens to expand its digital industrial leadership with acquisition of Mentor Graphics Xilinx to Dive in Hyperscale Race Denso to launch joint research on multithreaded CPU cores with Imagination Technologies Socionext Announces New Low-Power, Scalable ARM-based Multi-Core Processor SoC Xilinx Reconfigurable Acceleration Stack Delivers Fastest Path to 2-6x Compute Efficiency over FPGA Competition   See the Top 20 >> EETimes © 2016 Design And Reuse All Rights Reserved. No portion of this site may be copied, retransmitted, reposted, duplicated or otherwise used without the express written permission of Design And Reuse. Partner with us Visit our new Partnership Portal for more information. Partner with us List your Products Suppliers, list your IPs for free. List your Products Design-Reuse.com Contact Us About us D&R Partner Program Advertise with Us Privacy Policy
null
Welcome Log out Login Register ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST LOGIN REGISTER PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables Home> SOC Menu PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables TRENDING TOPICS Smartphones Mobile Intel Google Snapdragon 821 Pixel Motherboards GPUs Asus Home> SOC Intel Announces Atom E3900 Series - Goldmont for the Internet of Things & More by Ryan Smith on October 25, 2016 9:00 AM EST Posted in SOC Intel Atom Auto IoT Goldmont 19 Comments | Add A Comment 19 Comments + Add A Comment Kicking off a busy day for the Internet of Things market, Intel this morning is announcing the Atom E3900 series. Based upon the company’s latest generation Goldmont Atom CPU core, the E3900 series will be Intel’s most serious and dedicated project yet for the IoT market. We’ve talked about Intel’s IoT efforts off and on over the past couple of years. Having largely missed the boat on mobile, the company decided it wouldn’t miss IoT as well, and as a result they’ve been making significant investments into the IoT market, treating it as a fourth pillar of their business. Their efforts have not gone unrewarded, as IoT revenue has continued to quickly grow over the years, and as of Q3’16, IoT is now Intel’s third largest business by revenue, ahead of non-volatile memory and behind only client and data center revenue. Furthermore with 19% year-over-year growth, IoT still looks like a growing market for the company. Overall the company offers a number of IoT products, ranging from the tiny Curie to the relatively powerful Atom E-series. However to date, the company has never built a dedicated, high-end IoT die. The Atom E3800 series were Bay Trail, and the recently announced Joule devices use Broxton, Intel’s canceled-for-mobile Atom SoC. However today that will be changing, as the launch of the Atom E3900 series brings with it Intel’s first custom silicon targeting the roughly 6W to 12W market of more powerful IoT devices. So what does an IoT-centric Atom look like? By and large, it’s Broxton and more. At its core we’re looking at 2 or 4 Goldmont CPU cores, paired with 12 or 18 EU configurations of Intel’s Gen9 iGPU. However this is where the similarities stop. Once we get past the CPU and GPU, Intel has added new features specifically for IoT in some areas, and in other areas they’ve gone and reworked the design entirely to meet specific physical and technical needs of the IoT market. The big changes here are focused on security, determinism, and networking. Security is self-evident: Intel’s customers need to be able to build devices that will go out into the field and be hardened against attackers. Bits and pieces of this are inerieted from Intel’s existing Trusted Execution Technology, while other pieces, such as boot time measuring, are new. The latter is particularly interesting, as Intel is measuring the boot time of a system as a canary for if it’s been compromised. If the boot time suddenly and unexpectedly changes, then there’s a good chance the firmware and/or OS has been replaced. Meanwhile also new to the E3900 series is what Intel is calling their Time Coordinated Computing Technology.  This high precision timing mechanism is to allow multiple Atom E3900s to be tightly synchronized, down to 1 microsecond. We’re told that this feature is of particular interest to Intel’s manufacturing partners, as a means to improve accuracy and synchronization between devices on a manufacturing line. Finally, a bit more nebulous, the E3900 die also includes some changes specifically to improve determinism. What Intel is pitching here isn’t hard determinism, but a higher level of determinism for devices that need better guarantees about how soon an action will be completed. Apparently a big part of implementing this is at the cache level, with Intel noting that polling loops in particular were greatly impacted by this change. All told, Intel will be offering 3 SKUs of the E3900, ranging from 6.5W to 12W. As relatively high power processors these aren’t meant for wearables and such, but rather primarily devices on mains power where additional intelligence is needed. In Intel terminology, the E3900 is focused on “edge” devices as opposed to “core” devices. The idea being that Intel wants to move out data processing to the edge of an IoT network – into sensors and such devices – as opposed to having to use a dumb sensor that sends data back for processing. Intel’s 3 big markets here are the video/sensor, industrial, and automotive market. The first and last in particular are areas that the previous E3800 couldn’t readily compete in, due to a lack of processing power for image processing and video encoding. Thanks in big part to the Gen9 GPU and some E3900-specific Image Processing Unit (IPU) changes – the chip can support 15 1080p30 video inputs – Intel can now go after these markets. And that may be the biggest part of this story here for Intel: they haven’t had a part like the E3900 before. The Bay Trail based E3800 had a decent enough CPU, but it’s the E3900 where GPU computing and computer vision become viable, and this is the cornerstone of a lot of new functionality. Of course, hardware is only part of the picture. Along with the E3900 itself, Intel will also be shipping a number of software libraries to help developers take better advantage of the hardware, and really, bootstrap the whole process. A good deal of this is on the image processing side, providing functions that tap into the hardware’s new image processing capabilities. Finally, in the first-half of next year, the E3900 series will be joined by the A3900 series. This is an automotive-specific SKU that is rated for higher operational temperatures; 110C versus 85C for the E3900. As we mentioned before automotive is a big part of Intel’s efforts here, and that means matching automotive tolerances. Given the performance of these chips, we don’t get the impression that Intel’s entering the fully autonomous car market right now, but they are hoping to go after some lower hanging fruit with driver assistance and in-car entertainment systems. Tweet PRINT THIS ARTICLE Post Your Comment Please log in or sign up to comment. POST A COMMENT 19 Comments View All Comments melgross - Tuesday, October 25, 2016 - link Certainly a major pivot for them. This is much more specialized than previous offerings. It also seems to end the speculation of Intel moving back into the smartphone space. Reply Pork@III - Tuesday, October 25, 2016 - link 106 to 187 GFlops graphic performance may be BADLY low for new generation SoC? Reply BrokenCrayons - Tuesday, October 25, 2016 - link Agreed. On top of that the TDP target for reaching that level of performance is disappointing as well. Then again, for IoT where the chip is acting as a controller for some sort of black-box device that's constantly fed mains power and doesn't have a the same display responsibilities as a more traditional computing device, it may not matter much. Reply Cygni - Tuesday, October 25, 2016 - link I don't think you understand what this chip is for. Reply Pork@III - Tuesday, October 25, 2016 - link If You and Intel maked cut off with "& more" I will be understand... Reply Morawka - Tuesday, October 25, 2016 - link how much better is Tegra X1 at Graphics performance and at what TDP? Reply SquarePeg - Tuesday, October 25, 2016 - link Tegra X1 performance as reported here at Anandtech is 512 GFLOPS (FP32) - 1024 GFLOPS (FP16) @ 10 watts. Reply Alexvrb - Tuesday, October 25, 2016 - link Those X1 performance figures are with the GPU clocked at 1Ghz and a TDP of 15W. The 10W figure is Nvidia's power consumption estimate under who knows what workloads. The only number worth talking about is the 15W TDP. Speaking of which, that's well within the configurable range of Merlin Falcon AMD embedded quadcores. Even at 28nm and configured at a 15W TDP (they can be configured down to 12W), the embedded AMD APUs would be quite competitive with X1. Especially the 8CU models. But Atom and X1 are probably cheaper, and for many embedded applications (such as IoT) you just don't need the oomph. Especially graphics. Fun to talk about though. Reply hojnikb - Tuesday, October 25, 2016 - link Will there be any reviews of apollo lake ? I'm very interested in cpu performance and media playback capability. Reply Ryan Smith - Wednesday, October 26, 2016 - link Yes, there will be. Though I don't have a solid date for you quite yet. Reply 1 2 ▶ PIPELINE STORIES + Submit News OnePlus Launches The OnePlus 3T ECS Preps LIVA Z: Apollo Lake-Based Nettop with 4K and USB-C Support Toshiba Finalizes Plans for New 3D NAND Fab: Coming Online in 2019 AKiTiO Introduces Node: Thunderbolt 3 eGFX Box for $299 AMD @ SC16: Radeon Open Compute Platform (ROCm) 1.3 Released, Boltzmann Comes to Fruition ASUS ROG GT51 Desktop: Overclocked i7-6700K, GTX 1080 SLI, 64 GB DDR4, $4999 HTC Announces the HTC Bolt - A Sprint-Exclusive Smartphone for LTE Plus NVIDIA Announces Record Q3 FY 2017 Results Best Android Phones: Holiday 2016 Alienware 13 R3: Quad-Core CPU, GeForce GTX 1060, QHD OLED, VR Ready AOC Launches the AG352QCX: 35-Inch 200 Hz 2560×1080 Curved Display with Adaptive-Sync BenQ Announces the ZOWIE XL2540: 24-Inch 240 Hz Full-HD Display 'for e-Sports' TWEETS RyanSmithAT: @FouzanWasTaken @IanCutress Sorry, I don't have the 460 version. I have the 455 version, the same as the other press RyanSmithAT: Random PS4 observation: most games don't have manuals. Like at all. IanCutress: @wccftechdotcom source? RyanSmithAT: RT @anandtech: Commercial NAS Operating Systems - A Comprehensive Overview of Core Features https://t.co/alP0HFcLqZ IanCutress: @cavemanjim Give us a shout if you've got time for lunch while you're here IanCutress: @tom_forsyth Hits peak efficiency at the dvfs point then duty cycles. OS still sees non dc freq… https://t.co/QCO9Nvvwgc RyanSmithAT: @XxVcVxX We're not able to reply to everyone. But if your app meets our approval, you should hear from us by mid-December RyanSmithAT: @Dafuqizwrong Many of our editors are part time IanCutress: I can't submit an @EE broadband bug report with dashes or parentheses in description. Wow, that's bad XSS/DB security at the expense of UX. IanCutress: If you're paying someone you describe as an expert to star in an advert for your product, how is said person impartial? ganeshts: @mikinho Definitely. For content consumption / tablet use-cases in mobile devices, USB-C ports are sufficient. Not sure about 'Pro' devices ganeshts: @DanMatte Yup,including TB3 ports is a great value-add for any computing system, but we need other ports also for practical purposes ganeshts: No doubt that USB-C is the future, and adoption should be driven up. The Q is - are notebooks having ONLY those por… https://t.co/kgVGy6Tpip ganeshts: .@Krewell Thunderbolt 3's versatility should be complementary to existing ports, not full-blown replacement. Apple's usage not convincing ganeshts: @guspaz @troywolv That is the problem with ISPs that also deliver TV. IPTV / OTT cut into that revenue segment, caps are a counter Follow @ANANDTECH   LINKS Home About Forums RSS Pipeline News Bench Galleries Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Contact Us TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS The Most Trusted in Tech Since 1997 About Advertising Privacy Policy Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved. TOPICS FOLLOW ABOUT CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides Facebook Twitter RSS About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Show Full Site Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved. BENCH CPU SSD GPU 2013 GPU 2012 Smartphone 2011 Mobile TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS ABOUT About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Show Full Site Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved. Log in Don't have an account? Sign up now Username Password Remember Me Lost your password?
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Intel introduces Atom E3900 processors to power IoT The new series of chips are designed to unlock the potential of edge and fog computing, with a focus on industrial IoT, the transportation industry and retail. By Stephanie Condon for Between the Lines | October 25, 2016 -- 13:00 GMT (06:00 PDT) | Topic: Processors Intel on Tuesday officially unveiled its Atom Processor E3900 Series, designed to support the complex and rapidly-developing Internet of Things (IoT). The processors were announced during Intel vice president Jonathan Ballon's keynote at the IoT Solutions World Congress in Barcelona. CEO Brian Krzanich earlier this year stressed his commitment to "transforming Intel from a PC company to a company that powers the cloud and billions of smart, connected computing devices." While the company has taken an "end-to-end" approach to IoT, the E3900 series is specifically designed to power edge devices and fog computing. "As you grow towards 50 billion connected devices at the edge, you have access to an enormous amount of data," Ken Caviasca, vice president of Intel's IoT Group and general manager of Platform Engineering and Development, told ZDNet. "Data processing could occur at multiple points -- at the core, fog, or back into the data center cloud." While intensive data processing has typically happened in the cloud, Caviasca said that factors like the falling cost of sensing, and the reduced costs of connectivity and computing, could change that. "We feel that over the last five years the economics for turning on and unleashing the edge data has become very favorable," he said. Caviasca looked at the vertical needs of industrial IoT, the transportation industry and retail, building on the strong customer relationships built with the deployment of the E3800. The E3900 series meets their needs with higher levels of security, determinism, and image and video processing power. The E3900 has more than 1.7 times more computing power over the previous generation within the same thermal envelope, enabling the faster memory speeds and memory bandwidth needed for edge-to-cloud network computing. It's built into a compact flip chip ball grid array (FCBGA) and features 14 nanometer silicon technology. The series also features Intel's ninth-generation graphics engine, which improves 3D graphics performance by 2.9 times over the E3800 series and supports as many as three independent displays. Additionally, the E3900 series has four vector image processing units, resulting in better visibility, quality video in low light, noise reduction, and color and detail preservation. The demand for high-performance video capabilities spans sectors, Caviasca said, with applications like digital security surveillance, industrial inspection cameras, and edge device data aggregation coming from automobiles. To ensure faster connections that keep devices in sync, the processor series features Intel's Time Coordinated Computing (TCC) Technology. By synchronizing clocks inside the system on a chip (SoC) and across the network, TCC Technology can achieve network accuracy to within a microsecond. This opens a whole new market for Intel that the E3800 couldn't serve because of lack of determinism. Meanwhile, the series has several enhanced and multiple new security features. For instance, the dedicated security coprocessor, the Trusted Execution Engine 3.0, effectively prevents malware or unauthorized software from tampering on low-level devices. It uses signing technology to make sure that with any software code change, the device won't boot. It also allows for monitoring of physical tampering of a platform. Meanwhile, Intel's Platform Trust Techcnology allows customers to store hardware secrets and keys in a more protected way. The series also includes a wide range of features around securing and recovering an in-device system -- features that could stop denial-of-service attacks that occur due to mistakes like failing to change default passwords on network cameras. "We're working with these technologies to make it more fail-proof as you implement a system," Caviasca said. The security features, he said, create a foundation for both ensuring privacy and securing against threats -- the two domains of security that matter as IT merges with OT. Intel already has about 30 customers for the E3900 series ready for launch, with the largest design pipeline Intel has ever had for any Atom product in the IoT space. Its early customers include a few key auto OEMs, including Delphi, which is using the E3900 series for its integrated cockpit controller -- a software-defined cockpit with multiple higher resolution displays, intuitive voice recognition and other apps. Hikvision -- which is already partnering with Intel-acquired company Movidius on smart surveillance cameras -- is also using the E3900 series for surveillance applications. Its network video recorder, for instance, is using the processor series to deliver low-cost video streams. The processors can handle all of the encoding and processing -- on the platform itself -- for 15 streams of 1080p at 30 frames a second coming in directly. special feature IoT: The Security Challenge The Internet of Things is creating serious new security risks. We examine the possibilities and the dangers. Read More Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Processors Qualcomm posts strong Q4 results Processors Turning pings into packets: Why the future of computers looks a lot like your brain Mobility MacBook Pro: AMD lifts lid on GPUs exclusive to Apple's new 15-inch models Internet of Things Qualcomm buys NXP in deal valued at $47 billion, diversifies into Internet of things × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
About Us | Newsletter Sign Up Home News Opinion Messages Authors Video Slideshows Teardown Education EELife Events Android Automotive Embedded Industrial Control Internet of Things MCU Medical Memory Open Source PCB Planet Analog Power Management Programmable Logic Prototyping SoC Test & Measurement Wireless & Networking Breaking News NEWS & ANALYSIS: Samsung's Naked Auto Desire: $8B Harman Buy NEWS & ANALYSIS: Siemens to Buy Mentor Graphics in $4.5B Deal NEWS & ANALYSIS: Xilinx to Dive in Hyperscale Race NEWS & ANALYSIS: 7nm SRAMs, 10nm SoC at ISSCC NEWS & ANALYSIS: 2016 ACE Awards Finalists Announced SPONSORED: Spend $3.14 at Arrow.com, get a FREE Raspberry Pi 3! News & Analysis Intel, ARM Battle over IoT Explosion of end nodes makes MCUs strategic Rick Merritt 10/25/2016 09:00 AM EDT 3 comments 1 saves Login to Rate Tweet SANTA CLARA, Calif. — The battle for the Internet of Things heats up this week as Intel and ARM fire off competing announcements to establish their microprocessor architectures on its broad frontiers. Intel announced its first Atom SoC with real-time capabilities tailored for automotive and industrial markets. Less than two miles away from Intel’s headquarters, ARM kicked off its annual developer’s conference with news it is bringing hardware security to its lowest-end microcontroller cores. ARM has a clear lead in the emerging ground game for end nodes with its Cortex-M microcontrollers. Intel, the world’s largest semiconductor company, ranks 17th among MCU vendors with its relatively new Quark x86 chips, making it about equal with Panasonic and Sharp according to market watcher IHS Inc. “Renesas, NXP and Microchip are an order of magnitude ahead of Intel in MCUs,” said Tom Hackenberg who tracks the sector for IHS. The market for chips that sometimes sell for less than $1 is new to Intel and strategic to IoT. “What makes IoT a new area are the advancements in end nodes, pushing the intelligence down to apps that didn’t have that Internet access before,” said Hackenberg. While it’s not yet discussing it publicly, Intel has a plan, and the current Quark chips are just its first foray. The company is said to have as many as six other x86 microcontroller designs in the works. “Intel tried getting into deeply embedded systems with [ARM-based] Xscale [chips several years ago], and it didn’t work particularly well. Now they decided they can do it by redesigning the x86,” said Hackenberg. To compete with the leaders in MCUs, Intel needs to deliver Quark x86 chips that: Deliver 1-milliwatt active power levels to compete with Cortex-M0 chips Include the rich portfolio of memory, I/O and connectivity options of ARM’s partners Target specific vertical markets, such as an automotive MCU with multiple CAN buses Bring its x86 programming tools and partners into the MCU world Make it as easy to support a hardware root-of-trust as ARM has with its new TrustZone CryptoCell “The embedded word does not know security well and in the years to come it will be a huge issue,” Hackenberg said. Next page: A first look inside Intel’s Quark An August paper at Hot Chips provided a look inside the first iteration of Intel's Quark x86 microcontroller. (Images: Intel) Email This Print Comment Page 1 / 3 Next > More Related Links AT&T: SIMs are Key to IoT Future 2016 ACE Awards Finalists Announced Google's Mobile VR Still a Wild West Where Are We with Thread IoT? China Signs IoT Interop Plan Comments View Comments: Newest First | Oldest First | Threaded View [close this box] User Rank Author Quark, Low Power? I think not mithrandir   10/25/2016 1:51:08 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate In what universe is 35mW low power? Even if the chip was running at 1.8V that would still equate to 18mA of active current draw! This is an order of magnitude higher than most world class low power MCUs. Typical consumption of leading ARM M4 MCUs(40~65nm) hover around 50uA/MHz which will put them at a significant advantage power wise. Even older node M4s average around 280uA/MHz which is still 3x lower at the same clock speed. Granted the x86 may offer other advantages(none I can think of) but I don't believe Intel is serious about wooing this class of embedded customers if they think they can get away with a 180nm process.  Anyone have any real hands-on with developing applications for the Quark? Is the library/compiler/development environment something special? Anything even remotely comparable to the massive amount of freely available info for ARM? Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Author Chip temp limit must be in degrees C pifourth   10/25/2016 1:45:09 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate Great article, as usual, from Rick Merritt. A minor correction: "The E3900 is sampling now in versions supporting operating temperatures up to 85 degrees F with production early next year. Versions supporting operation up to 110 degrees F for automotive will arrive by June."   85 degrees F and 110 degrees F don't make sense.  It must be 85 degrees C and 110 degrees C.      Thanks, Tom Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Freelancer Nice article witeken   10/25/2016 1:21:00 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate Good job, nice read. Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board Most Recent Comments                 11/16/2016 1:27:50 AM daveburstein Junko Dino Flore, quoted in the article, made claims that Qualcomm was honorable enough to disown in the note at the end. Saying that LTE is clearly better than DSRC based on... 11/16/2016 1:27:50 AM daveburstein Junko Dino Flore, quoted in the article, made claims that Qualcomm was honorable enough to disown in the note at the end. Saying that LTE is clearly better than DSRC based on... 11/16/2016 1:15:39 AM Dr. Slump I think the reason Qualcomm wants LTE-based rather than IEEE 802.11-based solution is the licensing $$$. As you may know the most important profit (not revenue) of Qualcomm is... 11/16/2016 12:56:16 AM mojo_jojo Isn't $8B for Harman a lesser valuation given their annual revenue of $6B ? I thought typical valuation for a company will be around 3X the annual revenue. 11/15/2016 10:58:05 PM resistion https://news.samsung.com/global/samsung-expands-its-advanced-foundry-offerings-with-14lpu-and-10lpu-processes "Due to limitations of current lithography technologies, 10LPU is... 11/15/2016 8:57:04 PM pscalare I don't seem to be able to find these chargers on MPJA website. Too bad. I would have snapped up a bunch of them. 11/15/2016 7:12:55 PM TonyTib My guess is that they're surplus, e.g. Columbia Sportwear's rechargeable socks didn't sell so well, so MPJA bought a bunch at a firesale price.  The original cost might be... 11/15/2016 7:08:31 PM Sang-Yun 5x is the price difference between 3D XPoint and NAND flash memory components. In case of SSD, other components, such as SSD controller and DRAM buffer, are needed. So, the price... 11/15/2016 7:05:32 PM Sang-Yun Tanj, check the following article for more infromation about 3D XPoint.  "3D XPoint Steps Into the Light" - http://www.eetimes.com/document.asp?doc_id=1328682. In addition,... 11/15/2016 6:44:29 PM TanjB This article makes a lot of claims about 3D Xpoint - materials, capital equipment, price levels at different densities - which seem both surprising and likely to be sensitive... Navigate to Related Links AT&T: SIMs are Key to IoT Future 2016 ACE Awards Finalists Announced Google's Mobile VR Still a Wild West Where Are We with Thread IoT? China Signs IoT Interop Plan Datasheets.com Parts Search 185 million searchable parts (please enter a part number or hit search to begin) Cartoon Contest November 2016 Cartoon Caption Contest: Pulvis et umbra sumus "Your caption here!" 65 comments All Cartoons October 2016 Cartoon Caption Contest "Trick or Treat" A vacuum tube for you, an old transformer for you...ah, here's a real treat, a paper capacitor! 119 comments All Cartoons Most Commented Most Popular  62   Why, Windows 10, Why?  53   TSMC, GF/Samsung Battle at 7nm  44   Trump Win Roils Technology Sector  41   Accident on a Dark Freeway  37   What Is Best & Worst STEM-Related Music Ever?  37   Samsung to Ship 10nm SoCs in 2016  36   Did Processor Cause Samsung Note 7 Blowup?  29   Rad-Tolerant Lockstep Quad Core 8051 Uses ...  27   Who Wouldn't Want a Big Hex Computer?  27   Robo-Car's Safety Challenges DoT  44   Trump Win Roils Technology Sector  27   Who Wouldn't Want a Big Hex Computer?  26   Another Tesla Crash, What It Teaches Us  14   Siemens to Buy Mentor Graphics in $4.5B Deal  12   Dual-Port 2A USB Chargers Only $1.95  9   3D XPoint  Reality, Opportunity, and ...  8   Coating Stops Exploding Batteries  4   Lowly Bus Gets Reinvented  4   Samsung's Naked Auto Desire: $8B Harman Buy  4   DSRCs Dead End, Says Qualcomm Exec Like Us on Facebook EE Times on Twitter follow us Tweets about "from:eetimes" Sign up for EE Times newsletter GLOBAL NETWORK EE Times Asia EE Times China EE Times Europe EE Times India EE Times Japan EE Times Korea EE Times Taiwan EDN Asia EDN China EDN Japan ESC Brazil Communities EE Times | EDN | EBN | DataSheets.com | Embedded | TechOnline | Design News | DesignCon | ESC Working With Us: About | Editorial Policies | Contact Us | Media Kits | Reprints Terms of Service | Privacy Statement | Copyright © 2016 AspenCore All Rights Reserved To rate this item, click on a rating below. [close this box]   To save this item to your list of favorite EE Times content so you can find it later in your Profile page, click the "Save It" button next to the item.   If you found this interesting or useful, please use the links to the services below to share it with other readers. You will need a free account with each service to share an item via that service. Tweet This [close this box] Latest News Semiconductor News Blogs Message Boards Advanced Technology Analog Boards/Buses Electromechanical Embedded Tools FPGAs/PLDs IP/EDA Logic & Interfaces Memory Operating Systems Optoelectronics Passives Power Processors RF/Microwave Sensors & Transducers Test & Measurement ARM Techcon DesignCon Designers of Things ESC EETimes University Tech Papers Courses    Fundamentals Webinars Design West DesignCon ARM Techcon
Toggle navigation Products All Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution Disclosure and Regulatory Filing IR/PR Newsroom Hosting (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Solutions All Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom Contact Us Sign In to Services Blog About Us About Marketwired Media Partners Marketwired News Community Builders Full site Salles des nouvelles Plus sur nous Produits Solutions Ressources Contactez Nous Se connecter Version complète du site News Room SOURCE: Interset October 25, 2016 08:19 ET Interset to Demo First DXL-enabled Security Analytics for Risk-Based Threat Detection at Intel Focus Security Conference OTTAWA, ON--(Marketwired - Oct 25, 2016) -  Interset will demonstrate the first service for advanced threat detection based on the McAfee Data Exchange (DXL), Intel's architecture for enabling an adaptive security ecosystem, at the annual FOCUS security conference in Las Vegas, Nov. 1-3. The McAfee DXL-enabled Interset platform leverages Interset's approach to risk-based threat detection with extensive, out-of-the-box analytical models and broad data-class collection and correlation to deliver unprecedented visibility into threats. With Interset, security organizations can learn: What are the most likely compromised accounts or lateral movers in my organization? Which are the most likely insider threats or potential data thieves? What are the highest risk accounts, machines, or files? Which are the top riskiest events? What threats are unfolding now, and should they be prioritized and mitigated? The DXL-enabled Interset platform will integrate with Intel products such as the McAfee Threat Intelligence Exchange (TIE), McAfee Active Response (MAR), and McAfee ePolicy Orchestrator Cloud. McAfee DXL ensures that any DXL-enabled product can exchange relevant security and event-management data in near real time. Interset previously announced a direct connector and integration with McAfee ESM. According to Interset CTO Stephan Jou: "Our customers tell us they're very excited about DXL because it means that any DXL-enabled product can leverage Interset security analytics to quickly understand the risk score of any user, machine, application or file. This level of coordination will mean much greater visibility into the systems and situations where attacks occur and much faster, automated detection and response." The new DXL integration is part of Interset 5, being demonstrated for the first time in the Interset and Intel booths. Interset's booth is located in the SIA Partner Pavilion. Attendees can learn more about how Interset applies security analytics to detect and stop threats as they unfold during the session, "Cyberhunting in Action with McAfee Enterprise Security Manager (SIEM) and User Behavior Analytics" on Thurs., Nov. 3 at 4:30 p.m. FOCUS, Intel Security's annual security conference, brings together leading security specialists -- from C-level executives, directors, and mid-managers to product developers and front-line IT staff -- to exchange ideas, gain valuable knowledge to implement their security initiatives, and share real-world experiences. FOCUS will be held Tues., Nov. 1, 2016, through Thurs., Nov. 3, 2016, at ARIA Resort and Casino in Las Vegas. Register at focus.intelsecurity.com/focus2016/. Recent News from Interset Interset Named 2016 Most Innovative Security Analytics Company by SINET In-Q-Tel Invests in User Behavior Analytics Leader Interset to Stay Ahead of Cyber Attacks on Sensitive Data About Interset  Interset provides highly intelligent, accurate insider and targeted outsider threat detection. Our solution unlocks the power of user behavioral analytics, machine learning, and big data to provide the fastest, most flexible, and affordable way for IT teams to operationalize a data-protection program. Utilizing agentless data collectors, lightweight endpoint sensors, advanced behavioral analytics, and an intuitive user interface, Interset provides unparalleled visibility into sensitive data. This enables early attack detection and actionable forensic intelligence with reduced false positives and noise. Interset solutions are deployed to protect critical data across the manufacturing, life sciences, high-tech, finance, government, aerospace and defense, and securities brokerage industries. For more information, visit Interset.com and follow us on Twitter @intersetca.  Contact Information Contact: Betsy Kosheff Email Contact 413-232-7057   View Desktop Version Pour voir la version complète
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 2 Beaten-up Virtual Reality Stocks: Are They Bargains? Are Intel and InvenSense good contrarian plays on the fledgling VR market? Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Oct 25, 2016 at 7:05AM There's been a lot of hype recently about the virtual and augmented reality markets. Tech M&A advisory firm Digi-Capital believes that the global VR market could reach $30 billion by 2020, while the AR market could be worth a whopping $120 billion. Image source: Getty Images. That bullishness has lifted many VR-related stocks -- like Facebook (NASDAQ:FB), Sony (NYSE:SNE), AMD, and Ambarella -- and made it tough to find any beaten-down plays on this growing market. Therefore, let's take a closer look at two VR-related stocks that didn't rally and outperform the market in 2016 -- Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) and InvenSense (NYSE:INVN). Are these two laggards actually value plays on the VR market? Or do their core businesses face too many headwinds to make them compelling buys? What's Intel's VR strategy? Intel stock has stayed nearly flat over the past year due to ongoing concerns about sluggish PC sales and weak demand for its data center chips. Those two businesses still generate the lion's share of Intel's revenue, although the chipmaker has been expanding into adjacent markets like Internet of Things (IoT) modules, non-volatile memory, and virtual reality. Back in August, Intel unveiled Project Alloy, a mixed reality headset which is powered by Intel's sixth generation Core processor and RealSense depth-sensing cameras. The headset, which is similar to Microsoft's HoloLens, uses depth-sensing cameras that enable it to project "holographic" computer images on top of real-life objects. Unlike Facebook's Oculus Rift and Sony's PlayStation VR, the Alloy is an "all-in-one" headset which doesn't need to be tethered to a high-end PC or console. Project Alloy. Image source: Intel. Intel is offering Project Alloy as an open-source reference design for companies in a bid to gain market share in the headset market. If that effort pays off, it could evolve into a new stream of revenue for Intel over the next few years, considering that Piper Jaffray estimates that annual shipments of VR headsets could reach 500 million by 2025. That plan sounds promising, but Intel's rival Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) also recently launched a similar VR reference design powered by its Snapdragon 820 processors. If Qualcomm leverages its dominance in the mobile market against Intel, Project Alloy might flop and shatter Intel's VR and AR ambitions. What's InvenSense's VR strategy? InvenSense, the chipmaker which produces motion sensors for iPhones and other mobile devices, shed about 30% of its market value this year due to slowing smartphone sales and tough competition from larger rivals like STMicroelectronics (NYSE:STM) and Bosch. That's why InvenSense's revenue has fallen by double digits annually over the past two quarters. To diversify away from motion sensors for smartphones and tablet (which generated over 60% of its sales last quarter), InvenSense has been selling more sensors for IoT devices, drones, and VR and AR headsets. InvenSense's sensors already power the HTC Vive. During last quarter's conference call, InvenSense CEO Behrooz Abdi said that the company was developing a new "motion tracking device specifically designed to meet their rigorous performance demands of head mounted displays." Abdi also noted that popular AR games like Pokemon Go could boost demand for higher-accuracy motion sensors in newer smartphones. HTC Vive. Image source: HTC. That strategy sounds ambitious, but Bosch and STMicro are pretty tough competitors. Several headsets, including the Oculus Rift, use Bosch's sensors instead of InvenSense's. STMicro, which produces the motion sensors for the Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) Watch, could eventually switch back to STMicro's sensors for its iDevices -- which would likely leave a gaping hole in InvenSense's top line. But are Intel and InvenSense bargains? Like most other VR-related stocks, Intel and InvenSense aren't really "pure plays" on the market. Intel is still mostly valued on its PC and data center businesses, while InvenSense's future relies heavily on orders from Apple, Samsung, and other major mobile device makers. If those businesses aren't healthy, it probably won't matter if headset makers embrace Intel's Project Alloy or InvenSense's next-gen VR motion sensors. Looking ahead, analysts expect Intel to grow its annual earnings by 10% per year over the next five years, giving it a 5-year PEG (price-to-earnings growth) ratio of 1.5. That isn't really "cheap," since a PEG ratio under 1 is considered undervalued, but it's much lower than InvenSense's 5-year PEG ratio of 3.2 -- which assumes an annual earnings growth rate of 20% over the same period. That makes Intel look cheaper than InvenSense, but I wouldn't call it a "bargain" due to the ongoing headwinds facing its PC and data center businesses. Therefore, investors should pay attention to Intel and InvenSense's VR efforts, but they shouldn't invest in either company based solely on those headline-grabbing efforts. Leo Sun owns shares of Qualcomm. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Ambarella, Apple, Facebook, InvenSense, and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool owns shares of Microsoft and has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Leo is a Tech and Consumer Goods Specialist who has covered the crossroads of Wall Street and Silicon Valley since 2012. His wheelhouse includes cloud, IoT, analytics, telecom, and gaming related businesses. Follow him on Twitter for more updates! Follow @TMFSunLion Article Info Oct 25, 2016 at 7:05AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $107.11 up $1.40 (1.32%) STMicroelectronics NYSE:STM $9.23 up $0.11 (1.21%) Qualcomm NASDAQ:QCOM $66.77 up $0.84 (1.27%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.91 up $0.43 (1.25%) Facebook NASDAQ:FB $117.20 up $2.12 (1.84%) Microsoft NASDAQ:MSFT $58.87 up $1.14 (1.97%) Advanced Micro Devices NASDAQ:AMD $6.97 up $0.18 (2.65%) Sony NYSE:SNE $29.61 down $0.38 (-1.27%) Ambarella NASDAQ:AMBA $62.20 up $2.16 (3.60%) InvenSense NYSE:INVN $7.82 up $0.10 (1.30%) Read More Which of These Companies Could Buy InvenSense? Intel Corporation Needs to Hustle on 10-Nanometer Server Chips Intel Corporation's Internet of Things Business Delivers Strong Growth Better Buy: Micron Technology, Inc. vs. Intel Corp. Could Intel's Latest AI Partnership Hurt Ambarella? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
null
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals We Rely On Your Support: This site is primarily supported by advertisements. Ads are what have allowed this site to be maintained for the past 12 years. We do our best to ensure only clean, relevant ads are shown, when any nasty ads are detected, we work to remove them ASAP. If you would like to view the site without ads while still supporting our work, please consider our ad-free Phoronix Premium. You can also consider a tip via PayPal. Generic Governors Support Coming For Intel P-State Written by Michael Larabel in Intel on 25 October 2016 at 06:21 AM EDT. Add A Comment Rafael Wysocki of Intel has been hacking an interesting improvement into the Intel P-State CPU frequency scaling driver for the Linux kernel. Rafael Wysocki, the Linux PM/ACPI maintainer, has been working on support for being able to use generic CPUFreq governors within the P-State driver, which would allow using things like the Schedutil governor within this scaling driver used by modern Intel CPUs. Wysocki explained with the experimental patch he's hoping to see tested by the Linux community: There may be reasons to use generic cpufreq governors (eg. schedutil) on Intel platforms instead of the intel_pstate driver's internal governor. However, that currently can only be done by disabling intel_pstate altogether and using the acpi-cpufreq driver instead of it, which is subject to limitations. First of all, acpi-cpufreq only works on systems where the _PSS object is present in the ACPI tables for all logical CPUs. Second, on those systems acpi-cpufreq will only use frequencies listed by _PSS which may be suboptimal. In particular, by convention, the whole turbo range is represented in _PSS as a single P-state and the frequency assigned to it is greater by 1 MHz than the greatest non-turbo frequency listed by _PSS. That may confuse governors to use turbo frequencies less frequently which may lead to suboptimal performance. For this reason, make it possible to use the intel_pstate driver with generic cpufreq governors as a "normal" cpufreq driver. That mode is enforced by adding intel_pstate=passive to the kernel command line and cannot be disabled at run time. In that mode, intel_pstate provides a cpufreq driver interface including the ->target() and ->fast_switch() callbacks and is listed in scaling_driver as "intel_cpufreq".Should be fun to test and hopefully will see mainline support for intel_pstate=passive in the Linux 4.10 kernel. Add A Comment Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Intel News Intel SDK OpenCL 2016 R3 Brings OpenCL 2.1 & SPIR-V To Linux Ubuntu vs. Fedora vs. openSUSE vs. Clear Linux On Intel Kabylake Turbo Boost Max 3.0 Patches Updated, Now On By Default For Multi-Socket Systems Intel Stages More DRM Driver Changes For Linux 4.10 The Code To Intel's New Linux Wireless Daemon Is Now Public Intel Publishes Open-Source Graphics Driver Code For Bringing Up "Geminilake" Popular News Fedora 25 Is Quite Possibly My Most Favorite Release Yet Project Darling Is Still Trying To Run macOS/OSX Software On Linux OpenGL vs. Vulkan With AMDGPU-PRO 16.40, Compared To NVIDIA On Linux A Number Of KDE Apps Will Be Dropped If They Don't Get Ported To KF5 OpenGL Overload: Implementing OpenGL Over Vulkan The Code To Intel's New Linux Wireless Daemon Is Now Public Latest Linux News GCC Compiler Finishes Nuking Java Support (GCJ) A Walkthrough Of Enlightenment's New Launcher "Luncher" Unity 8 & All Snaps-Based Ubuntu Still Expected For 18.04 LTS X.Org Server 1.19 Officially Released With A Year's Worth Of Improvements Unreal Engine 4.14 Ships With Better Vulkan Support KDE Frameworks 5.28 Brings Many KWayland Improvements, Relative Pointer Protocol Cryptsetup Vulnerability Allows Easily Getting To A Root Shell Intel SDK OpenCL 2016 R3 Brings OpenCL 2.1 & SPIR-V To Linux Raspberry Pi's Desktop Likely Switching To Compton For Better Performance A Very Basic Ubuntu Online Developer Summit Is Happening Now Latest Featured Articles AMDGPU+RadeonSI With Deus Ex: Mankind Divided, One Week Later Intel Kaby Lake HD Graphics 620 OpenGL/Vulkan Performance On Linux Intel Kaby Lake Linux Testing With MSI's Cubi 2 Mini PC Fresh OpenCL + CUDA 8.0 Benchmarks On Kepler/Maxwell/Pascal With NVIDIA 375.10 On Ubuntu Linux 13-Way NVIDIA GeForce + CUDA 8.0 + cuDNN Caffe Benchmarks Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip or Bitcoin. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2016 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
null
null
PRLog XHome Login Latest News News By Location News By Industry News By Tag News By Date Business Profiles Pressrooms Get Feeds Get Alerted Journalist Account PRNewswire Distribution Search Lanner Partners with Rapid Signage to Offer well-rounded Digital Signage Solutions The LEC-7388S is a 4K-ready digital signage IPC, powered by the Intel Haswell processors and the Intel HD Graphic 4600 GPU. LEC-7388S_front   Spread the Word: News By Tag: * Digital Signage IPC * Embedded Box PCs * Video Surveillance By Industry: * ComputersNEW TAIPEI CITY, Taiwan - Oct. 25, 2016 - PRLog -- Lanner is delighted to join hands with Rapid Signage to offer a powerful and well-rounded digital signage solution for smart retail/dining, intelligent vending, real-time Information push and interactive education. Lanner's LEC-7388S, a compact and OPS-compliant digital signage appliance built with Intel®'s 4th generation Core™ i5/i3 processors comes equipped with Intel's HD Graphic 4600 GPU and is Crestron 4K-certified, offering hardware-based support for 4K decoders on 2x HDMI ports and 1x Display Port. Also featured are 1x swappable 2.5" HDD/SSD, 16GB of DDR3L memory, 3x USB 3.0 ports, 2x USB 2.0 ports and 1x mini-PCIe slot with SIM card reader. The LEC-7388S is made viable by and benefits from Rapid Signage Central Management System (RS-CMS), a content and device management software suite for administering multimedia delivery and 100+ screens. The RS-CMS takes a three-pronged approach to digital signage management, offering dynamic and powerful features for content design/scheduling, system monitoring/logging and access control/authorization. Lanner and Rapid Signage together are committed to setting the industry standard for the digital signage market. Contact Lanner for more information. LEC-7388S 4K-Ready Digital Signage IPC Powered by the Intel "Haswell" Processors - 4K Ultra HD resolution (3,840 x 2,160) video playback - Support 4th Generation Intel Core i3, Core i5 or Celeron CPU - Intel AMT remote management - Swappable 2.5" HDD/SSD Drive Bay - Intel QM87 chipset - Support DDR3L Memory up to 16GB - Intel HD Graphics 4600 - Intel i217AT LAN controller - 1 mini-PCIe slot with SIM card reader - 3 x USB 3.0 and 2 x USB 2.0 ports To know more about this product: http://www.lannerinc.com/products/all-purpose-box-compute... About Lanner Electronics Inc. Lanner Electronics Inc. (TAIEX 6245) is a world-leading hardware provider in design, engineering, and manufacturing services for advanced network appliances and rugged industrial computers. With 30-year experiences, Lanner provides reliable and cost-effective computing platforms with high quality and performance. Today, Lanner has a large and dynamic manpower of over 800 well-experienced employees worldwide with the headquarters in Taipei, Taiwan and subsidiaries in the US, Canada, and China. Contact Lanner Electronics Inc. ***@lannerinc.com End Source : Lanner Electronics Inc. » Follow Email : ***@lannerinc.com Listed Under- Tags : Digital Signage IPC, Embedded Box PCs, Video Surveillance Industry : Computers Location : New Taipei City - New Taipei City - Taiwan Subject : Products A/C Email Vfyd: | A/C Phone Vfyd: Disclaimer   Report Abuse Lanner Electronics Inc. News Lanner Partners with Versa Networks to Enhance SD-WAN and vCPE Solutions at Customer Site Lanner, NTT Lagopus Exchange SDN Switch Compatibility Co-Certifications Lanner Adds NCA-1210 into its Expanding Compact Network Appliance Lineup The LEC-2580: Unsurpassed in Performance, Flexibility and Scalability Lanner Adds NCA-1011 to Expand Its vCPE, Edge Security Product Lineup Trending Long Island African American Chamber of Commerce, Inc. Announces Web Launch and Networking Soiree SaltStick Vitassium, Designed to Meet the Needs of People Suffering From Dysautonomia, Is Available Staybridge Suites Opens in Maryland Heights, Mo Seva Beauty celebrates grand opening of second Las Vegas-area location by helping March of Dimes Titletown Manufacturing is a Leader in Machining Small Metal Parts Daily News Aftermath Services awards $5000 K9 Grant to Alamogordo Police Department - 595 views Seva Beauty celebrates grand opening of second Las Vegas-area location by helping March of Dimes - 319 views The Ken Blanchard Companies® Wins 2016 Top Workplaces Award - 246 views Power Design Earns Gold for Innovative Technology Partnership - 166 views HRO Today Announces Winners of 2016 Annual Awards EMEA - 158 views Weekly News President-elect Donald Trump Recognizes Homeschool Movement - 62207 views Detroit actor relishes role, respects his character in 'Wild Faith' - 3748 views Scienaptic: A new age analytics platform backed by Pramod Bhasin - 766 views John Deere Gearation Board Selected As Top Educational Toy of 2016 In The Goddard School's Toy Test - 537 views Beyond Tablet Honored with CES 2017 Innovation Award - 536 views PTC News Say YES to Year End Savings on Quick Move-In Lennar Homes Across Colorado - 311 views Fisher, Felton, Lloyd, Amell Top Celebrities At Wizard World New Orleans, January 6-8, 2017 - 218 views New Models Open at D'Andrea Tomorrow - 200 views PM&E Inc. Is Pleased To Announce a Purchase Order for an EVADA A4 Ambulance - 174 views Dexter Cast to Make First Ever Appearance Together At Wizard World Comic Con Cleveland, St. Louis - 152 views Mobile | Home | Latest Press Releases | Feeds | Get Alerts | Journalist Account | PR Newswire Distribution | Privacy | TOS | Contact | Copyright | About
| E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer More... ScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising How technology is changing business Handloom matters The Smart Cities Issue Home » Leisure Last Modified: Wed, Oct 26 2016. 04 28 AM IST Looking to buy a laptop? Amazon, Flipkart have some deals you cannot ignore If you are planning on buying a new laptop, you should check out the last leg of Diwali sales on Amazon and Flipkart Subscribe to our newsletter. To continue reading, we request you to support us by disabling your Ad Blocker OR by signing up In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us to ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. To learn how to disable your Ad Blocker, please click here x Steps to disable Ad Blocker on your browser In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. From our end, we will aim to show clean and unobtrusive ads to provide you with a great browsing experience. Please follow the steps below, and once done, please refresh your page. Google Chrome Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear with a check mark followed by Enabled on this site Click the button to until the text reads Disabled on this site Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Using Chrome adblock extension Click on the hand icon for adblock extension, on the top right corner of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Don't run on pages on this domain option on the drop down Once clicked a settings popup will appear. Click Exclude Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Firefox Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disabled on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access Times of India Firefox "Private Window" runs its own version of adblock. You will receive an adblock detection screen on private window, even if you are not running any adblock plugins. In this case, you will need to open LiveMint.com on your standard Firefox window. Safari Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable. Return to your Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Internet Explorer Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the bottom right hand side of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disable on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com iOS 9 and above Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable Return to the Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Please refresh your page, once Ad Blocker is disabled OR To sign up, please click here x Sign Up Email: First Name: Last Name: Abhijit Ahaskar The third round of festive discounts are available on popular online shopping websites like Amazon.in and Flipkart.com With the third round of festive discounts available on popular online shopping websites Amazon.in and Flipkart.com, there are a bunch of offers on laptops and convertible PCs running Microsoft Windows. Here are some top deals to consider. Acer One 10 runs Windows 10 and is powered by Intel Atom 1.3GHz Z3735 processor with 2GB RAM in tow Acer One 10 Price Rs12,990 (earlier Rs14,290) Amazon.in Buying a convertible no longer requires a big wallet. Acer’s One 10 is a small screen laptop with a detachable keyboard that can double up as a stand-alone tablet. Holding the keyboard and the display together is a magnetic clip that can flex backwards up to 360 degrees so that you can use the keyboard as a stand. Despite the fact that the device has a 10.1-inch HD (1,280x800p) display, Acer has managed to integrate a touchpad and handrest in the keyboard. It runs Windows 10 and is powered by Intel Atom 1.3GHz Z3735 processor with 2GB RAM in tow. It offers 32GB storage. You can save Rs 1,500 on this through cashback on select debit cards. Lenovo Ideapad 100s runs windows 10 and is powered by Intel 1.3GHz Atom processor with 2GB RAM Lenovo Ideapad 100s Price Rs13,490 Amazon.in While there are no price cut, buyers can get a discount of up to Rs10,000 on exchange with an older laptop and another 15% on cashback with debit cards of select banks (State Bank of India). The 11.6-inch display which has a resolution of 1,366x768p is big enough for casual users, students or professionals on the move. Though it has a plastic exterior, it doesn’t feel poorly built. It weighs just 1kg. It runs windows 10 and is powered by Intel 1.3GHz Atom processor with 2GB RAM. You get about 32GB of internal storage, expandable via SD cards to another 32GB. Micromax Neo PQC runs the latest Windows 10 OS Micromax Neo PQC Rs17,990 (earlier Rs20,199) Amazon.in Micromax’s foray into the laptop segment has been an interesting one. From the Intel Atom-based entry-level laptops, they have moved to more powerful mid-range laptops in no time. Neo runs on Intel 1.6GHz Pentium N3700 processor with 4GB RAM and provides 500GB of HDD storage. It runs the latest Windows 10 OS. For connectivity, it packs in a 2 USB 2.0 port, one USB 3.0 port, one HDMI, and a SD card reader. The laptop offers a display of 14.1 inches with a respectable screen resolution of 1,366x768p. Dell Inspiron 3168 runs on 2.7GHz Intel Pentium N3710 processor with 4GB RAM Dell Inspiron 3168 Price: Rs32,900 (earlier Rs36,550) Amazon.in Inspired by Lenovo Yoga series of laptops, Inspiron 3168 is a stylish looking convertible laptop with a 360-degree hinge design. It weighs 1.3kg and is solidly built. It runs on 2.7GHz Intel Pentium N3710 processor with 4GB RAM. It comes with 500GB HDD storage and runs Windows 10 with a free pre-loaded copy of Microsoft Office 16 Home edition, which will cost Rs5,999 in the market. The 11.6-inch display looks impressive and has a resolution of 1,366x768p. Lenovo Yoga 500 runs on Intel’s 2.7GHz Core i5 processor with 4GB RAM Lenovo Yoga 500 Price: Rs47,990 (earlier Rs56,490) Amazon.in Yoga 500 is a mid-range convertible with powerful innards. It is powered by 2.7GHz Intel Core i5 processor with 4GB RAM and offers 500GB HDD. It has a 14.1-inch display, which supports touch gestures and has a resolution of 1,920x1,080p.The lid can be flipped backwards until it touches the back of the base and can be used as a tablet, albeit a heavy one. It is a bit thick and weighs 1.8kg, but feels well-built and is good looking. It is a powerful device running on Intel’s 2.7GHz Core i5 processor with 4GB RAM. It offers 500GB HDD storage and has two USB 3.0 ports and one HDMI port. Powering Microsoft Surface Pro 4 is Intel 6th gen 2.2ghz core M3 processor with 4GB RAM Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Price Rs63, 890 (earlier Rs81,599) Amazon.in A convertible by design, Surface Pro 4 offers greater flexibility to users due to its detachable keyboard which also serves as a type cover. It weighs 766g without it and is 8.45mm sleek. The display has a kickstand so it can be propped up with or without the keyboard. The 12.1-inch display is big enough for day-to-day activities and pretty big enough by the standards of a tablet. It has a resolution of 1,920x1,080p and supports a stylus pen keeping in mind the various nuances of office work for which it might come in handy. Powering the laptop is Intel 6th gen 2.2ghz core M3 processor with 4GB RAM. It offers 128gb storage and runs windows 10. Powered by Intel”s 6th gen Core i7 processor with 8GB RAM and Nvidia’s GTx 960m 4GB graphics card, Asus RoG GL552VW can handle any of the modern games smoothly Asus RoG GL552VW Price Rs 80,990 (earlier Rs 90,990) Amazon.in For gaming enthusiasts willing to spend on a full-fledged gaming rig without compromising on the form factor, this laptop from the RoG series is a solid proposition. The RoG shield on the metallic top gives it a funky and premium look. It is well-built but doesn’t feel very hefty for a big-screen laptop. Powered by Intel”s 6th gen Core i7 processor with 8GB RAM and Nvidia’s GTx 960m 4GB graphics card, the laptop can handle any of the modern games smoothly. The laptop offers 1TB storage and has a Blu-ray drive, besides three USB 3.0 ports and 1 HDMI port. It has a full-fledged keyboard with red backlit keys. Driven by 2.7GHz Intel Core i5 processor with 8GB RAM and 128GB SSD, Apple Macbook Pro MF839HN/A comes with a 13.3-inch Retina display with resolution of 2,560x1,440p Apple Macbook Pro MF839HN/A Price: Rs 89,990 Flipkart.com If you are in for an Apple MacBook, the current deal on the latest MacBook Pro can help save about Rs20,000 on it. Flipkart is offering an exchange offer on it for older laptops allowing users to save up to Rs10,000. With select debit cards, users can get another 15% reduced through cashback. Driven by 2.7GHz Intel Core i5 processor with 8GB RAM and 128GB SSD, the laptop comes with a 13.3-inch Retina display with resolution of 2,560x1,440p. The full aluminium exterior lends it solidity and premium looks. Abhijit Ahaskar Topics: Laptop DealsAmazonFlipkartBudget LaptopAcer One 10 More from this Section WhatsApp video-calling: How to use it on your smartphone OnePlus 3T: The One Plus 3 is evolving Air purifiers keep indoor pollutants at bay Bose QuietComfort 35 vs Sennheiser PXC 550: Turn that noise down How Walnut mobile app can help you find an ATM that is active Editor's Picks The cash withdrawal, currency exchange challenge at rural bank branches Subbarao warns RBI against taking unclaimed notes as profit Demonetization to help check tax evasion through penny stocks The economics of currency reform Donald Trump’s threat to Indian IT is all bluster First Published: Tue, Oct 25 2016. 01 09 PM IST Latest News Will the cement cartelization case be decided anytime soon? Gold futures rise 0.24% on global cues WhatsApp video-calling: How to use it on your smartphone Editor's Picks The cash withdrawal, currency exchange challenge at rural bank branches Subbarao warns RBI against taking unclaimed notes as profit Demonetization to help check tax evasion through penny stocks Latest News Gold futures rise 0.24% on global cues WhatsApp video-calling: How to use it on your smartphone News in Numbers | 9 new bills in line to be listed in Parliament’s winter session Boom time for Asia’s plastic makers OnePlus 3T: The One Plus 3 is evolving Mint On Sunday The priceless legacy of P.L. Gupta San Diego and Mumbai: A tale of two zoos A brief history of the Bhakti movement Are luxury brands clicking on the right buttons? NuFace Trinity with Facial Trainer Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2016 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
null
null
null
null
null
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video YANG: coming soon to a router near you IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH YANG: coming soon to a router near you Satya Nadella hits Sydney and channels Steve O'Ballmer from eight years ago Is that your television? Or a zero client running a virtual desktop? SpectraLogic SLACSS off to speed HPC archiving Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Gone in 70 seconds: Linux can be owned by holding Enter key If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets Twitter rolls out troll controls DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed More like this Vr Drones Business The Channel 2016 has been a garbage fire. But 2017's looking up – there'll be loads of IPOs, beams Intel Head of chip giant's VC arm bullish about exits 24 Oct 2016 at 23:56, Kieren McCarthy Kieren McCarthy Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Security , Iana, Icann, Fcc, Google Recent Articles Google makes it to third base with Home digital assistant Twitter trolls are destroying democracy, warn eggheads Fresh Euro Patent Office drama: King Battistelli fires union boss Pretty much everyone can agree that 2016 has been awful all round, but hey here's something we can look forward come January 1: 2017 is going to be the year of new tech IPOs, according to the CEO of Intel's venture capital arm. Giving the keynote at the Intel Capital Global Summit in San Diego, Wendell Brooks was bullish about what the new year will bring, arguing that the "backlog is building" of tech companies that want to access public markets. He put the sluggish 2016 market – where fewer tech IPOs than any time in the past decade took place – down to two factors: a shake-out of the privately valued "unicorns" and fears brought about by the US election cycle. "Some of the private unicorns have come back down to earth," Brooks noted, pointing out that now there are roughly 150 tech companies valued at over $1bn, as opposed to around 175 a year ago. And despite big market upsets like the Brexit decision by the UK and the Chinese re-evaluation last year, he noted that the equity market was "resilient and stable." Brooks shared some stats about Intel Capital's investments in 2016 compared to the previous year. So far, it has made just 31 deals, compared to 63 in 2015; but it is in line to spend more – $446m so far, compared to $514m in 2015 overall. As for exits, there were just 22 in 2016, compared to 26 in 2015, and just two of them were from IPOs. Those stats highlighted what Brooks said would be a different approach from Intel Capital going forward: more money spent but in fewer deals. And with a 50-50 split between investing in new companies and putting more into companies already in Intel's "portfolio." Where we're going As for the next few years of tech and tech investment, Brooks highlighted four main areas: drones; automated driving; "new experiences" – largely VR; and "verticals." During the presentation, a number of demonstrations highlighted new virtual reality technologies – and in particular live-streamed VR, often tied into sports. There was a lot of technical work to be done to build up the VR ecosystem, Brooks noted, and it was still in its infancy but the possibilities were enormous. Both high-end and low-end systems were demoed. The high-end Voke camera system captures everything at extremely high quality and could see use at big sports events, whereas the lower-end Altia Systems camera setup offers panoramic 4K video with real-time stitching of images for as little as $2,000. Brooks also spoke enthusiastically about the "drone economy," where drones can be used for a range of things from industrial inspections of everything from wind farms to oil rigs to bridges and planes, to logistics, to things like search and rescue – where 100 or 1,000 drones could be used to search an area quickly and efficiently. He even proposed that drones could be used to carry mobile phone base stations at times of high demand, then removed when demand lifted. As just one example of how drones may save businesses money and time, Brooks said that an oil rig inspection that could take as long as eight weeks using traditional methods could take as little as two days when done with drones. But getting back to the IPO market, Brooks put up a slide highlighting the five things companies needed in order to profit from the "return of the traditional growth market" that he foresees in 2017: a large market opportunity; unique business model; barriers to entry; a credible management team; and a business model that is scalable. "You don't necessarily need the best tech," he noted. "What you need is a scalable model." ® Sponsored: The state of mobile security maturity Tips and corrections 2 Comments More from The Register Intel mulls sale of Intel Security – reports Opinion The game done changed 6 Comments Intel throws the ball long with sports, VR and IoT cash injections Chip giant puts $38m into next generation of digital tech Intel puts cash behind Wi-Fi-first smartmobes Chipzilla funds FreedomPop to get its SoFIA silicon into more mobes 3 Comments You're right to fear a second dot-com crash, says Intel VC boss ICGS Chip giant's investment wing looks abroad as tech bubble grows 9 Comments Intel and pals toss coins at party in the cloud, business at the back startup Making it rain while it thinks of X86? 2 Comments Open sourcerer Mirantis taps up Intel for $100m worth of funding Chipzilla backs OpenStack vendor as part of collaboration lunge Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile The need for comprehensive email security is greater than ever Email continues to be the most common attack vector by which networks are compromised and malware spread. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Spotlight Broadcom would certainly be broader with Brocade on board EMC Dell deal: They're loved up and living together, but whose house rules? NSA, GCHQ and even Donald Trump are all after your data British jobs for British people: UK tech rejects PM May’s nativist hiring agenda Big Mickey Dell is wrong: Cloud ain't going to eat all of IT Will Microsoft's nerd goggles soar like an Eagle, or flop like a turkey? First look at Windows Server 2016: 'Cloud for the masses'? We'll be the judge of that Rage-making, anxiety-inducing tech distributors: An ode Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
null
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Intel Capital Announces $38 million Investments in 12 Startups By Eliane Fiolet on 10/24/2016 16:27 PST Today at its Global Summit in San Diego, Intel Capital announced $38 million of new investments in 12 startups that develop technology I four categories: autonomous machines, data and connectivity, sports and health and virtual reality. According to the company, the 17th Intel Capital Global Summit gathers nearly 1,000 entrepreneurs, investors and technology business executives who will help create the future of technology. Among the distinguished speakers are Salesforce CEO Mark Benioff, PayPal Chairman John Donahue, and Intel CEO Brian Krzanich. This morning, representatives from all 12 startups were sharing their insights on stage during four panels, see below a brief overview of their technology. I met a few of them, and I will publish a few articles with more details regarding their particular products and technologies. Autonomous Machines Robotics and automation is becoming more and more present in our lives since computing power, cloud services and artificial intelligence and machine learning new algorithms have been developed. Autonomous driving became one of the trendiest topic this year at CES in Las Vegas, and we expect to see more of that in 2017. The first panel session was made of 3 companies in the field: Chronocam (Paris, France) develops a new kind of computer vision sensors and systems inspired by the human eye. According to CEO and co-founder Luca standard computer vision technologies found in smartphone or surveillance systems take a sequence of pictures and analyze one after the other to understand what is going on in a scene. Chronocam, does it differently, knowing that the human eye is only reactive to what is changing, the startup is trying to create “an image sensor that mimics the biologic eye, that leads to a very fast reaction time which is independent from lighting conditions” said Co-Founder and CEO Luca Verre. The company’s mission and goal is to “set a new standard in computer vision based on our technology” stated Verre, at the end of his speech. Embodied (Pasadena, California, U.S.), Co-founded by the former CTO of iRobot, maker of Roomba, CEO Paolo Pirjanian, the company is focused on robotics and artificial intelligence (AI). Embodied is developing “life-like interactive characters to focus on something that will be very helpful, unfortunately since the company is in stealth mode I cannot talk about specific applications, but I can tell you it will be companion robots that will help our families and children to be nurtured and improve their quality of life” said Co-Founder and CEO Paolo Pirjanian. Since the tech is in stealth mode we did not learn too much about Embodied’s product except that it is based on the last 15 years of research that Paolo Pirjanian’s partner has been doing in the University of South California around socially assistive robots that “help elderly with Alzheimer, dementia all the way to children with development disabilities” said Pirjanian. Thanks to former iRobot CTO’s years of experience in consumer robotic, this complex R&D that “provides care” will be packaged in an affordable robotic product that could appeal to consumers. I am very curious to see those robots once they will be ready to launch, and see how they will be really useful for families! Perrone Robotics (Charlottesville, Virginia, U.S.) provides software and solutions that make it easier and faster to build mobile autonomous robotics applications. “We create a software platform for autonomous vehicles and robots, and we call it Platform Max and we like to say that MAX is to robots what Windows is to computers or Android to smart phone, it enables customers to create more rapidly complex robotics applications.” Stated Foundr & CEO Paul Perrone. Data and Connectivity Eazytec (Jiangsu, China) is a smart city developer and service provider with proprietary core firmware (BIOS) technology. Bill Lu, Vice President, EazyTec was on stage to present the company, which provides solutions, among others, for monitoring water and air in China, using IoT technologies. Grand Chip Microelectronics (aka Kangxi Communication Technologies) (Shanghai, China), is a “fabless” company that delivers high-performance and affordable connectivity solutions for WLAN, Wi-Fi or cellular platforms and IoT. While on stage, CEO Ping Peng recommended to talk to him during the Global Summit if you are interested to know more about his technology. Paxata* (Redwood City, California, U.S.) is a self-service business information platform for both the business consumer and IT. With Paxata, business analysts, data engineers and data scientists can convert raw data to information ready for business efficiently. Based on a patent-pending, machine learning, natural language processing and semantic text algorithm technology built on a distributed architecture which enables massive scale. According to Co-Founder and Chief Product Officer Nenshad Bardoliwalla, “90% of the raw data was created in the last 11 months, and yet there is a very few folks in enterprise who can take that raw data and turn it into valuable contribution,Paxata mission is to take raw data and allow anybody in an organization and convert it into meaningful information”. StealthMine* (Sunnyvale, California, U.S.) a startup still in “stealth mode” according to CEO Vikrant Karvir, that let’s enterprise applications run on encrypted data. So “even if your underlying storage, network, compute, operating system or data platform is breached your application and your application data will be secure” said Karvir. Sports and Health CubeWorks* (Ann Harbor, Michigan, U.S.) creates the next-gen minuscule computers that measure a few millimeters and will enable the first autonomous wireless sensing platforms. Kinduct* (Halifax, Canada) delivers cloud-based data and analytics software for sport organizations, military and public safety units, healthcare providers, and wellness institutions. Aggregating data from multiple sources into a single actionable platform, Kinduct enables its customers to provide better care and better recomendations. K4Connect* (Raleigh, North Carolina, U.S.) is a software platform that leverages IoT, sensing and mobile devices by integrating them into a single dashboard in senior living communities, to create smarter, healthier and happier environments for patients and families. I met with the company after the press conference, I will publish more details on the K4Connect software. Virtual Reality Dysonics* (San Francisco, California, U.S.) provides a software / hardware solution to professionals to capture and render 360-degree sound in real time, for VR live streaming experiences. Stay tuned, I have met Dysonics Co-Founder and CEO Robert Dalton Jr. and he told me a lot more about his technology. InContext Solutions* (Chicago, Illinois, U.S.) develops cloud-based virtual reality solutions for manufacturers and retailers, to help them simulate new services and products in VR before going to production. Disclaimer: Intel Capital has invited Eliane Fiolet to be a speaker at the Intel Capital Summit 2016. Her flights and accommodation are paid for by Intel. We pay for our travel expenses to events like CES, MWC, etc… but when we are invited, we want to be transparent about it. Check our travel policy page. Filed in Computers. Read more about ai, Intel and Robotics. Related Articles 2016-11-01 Yumi by Omate, Home Robot with Android and Amazon Alexa 2016-11-01 Possible Reason Why The MacBook Pros Are Capped At 16GB RAM 2016-10-20 iPhone 7 With Qualcomm Modems Have Seemingly Better Reception 2016-10-13 Intel Unveils Its Own Falcon 8+ Commercial Drone 2016-10-04 Lenovo’s LaVie Smart Mirror Makes Use Of Intel’s RealSense Cameras 2011-11-22 No real Artificial Intelligence in the next 40 years 2011-10-31 StarCraft 2 AI looks promising 2011-09-06 Folks tricked by Cleverbot software into thinking it is human Google Discloses Windows Vulnerability, Microsoft Is Not Happy Possible Reason Why The New MacBook Pros Don’t Have Larger Batteries Right Side Thunderbolt 3 Ports On 13-Inch MacBook Pro Have Reduced Bandwidth Apple Explains Why New MacBook Pros Max Out At 16GB RAM Apple Explains Why The MacBook Will Never Have A Touchscreen These Devices Will Be Compatible With iOS 10 User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Home Search Silicon IP Search Verification IP Latest News Industry Articles Industry Expert Blogs Videos Slides Events ≡ Menu Design And Reuse Login | Subscribe design-reuse.cn | design-reuse-embedded.com | design-reuse-enterprise.com | About D&R | English Chinese Login | Subscribe to D&R SoC News Alert Design And Reuse Search IP Categories Silicon IP Analog & Mixed Signal Storage Controller & PHY Graphic & Peripheral Interface Controller & PHY Processors & Microcontrollers Memory & Logic Library Security Multimedia Wireline Communication Wireless Communication Silicon IP Vendors   Verification IP Search / Browse Verification IP Vendors Software IP Search / Browse Software IP Vendors     Additional Services Wanted IPs IP Analytics Featured Products Reed Solomon Decoder IP Core Single Port SRAM compiler - Memory optimized for ultra low power and high density - Dual Voltage - compiler range up to 512 k PCI Express Gen3 PHY USB 2.0 PHY News Categories IP/SoC Products Embedded Systems Foundries FPGA Fabless / IDM Deals Legal Business Financial Results People Commentary / Analysis 20 Most Popular News Latest News Brite Semiconductor Announces DDR4 IP Achieve 2400 Mbps on SMIC 40nm Process Tuesday Nov. 15, 2016 Siemens to expand its digital industrial leadership with acquisition of Mentor Graphics Monday Nov. 14, 2016 Creonic Delivers New CCSDS LDPC Forward Error Correction IP Core Thursday Nov. 10, 2016 Industry Articles Categories IP/SoC Products Embedded Systems Foundries FPGA Business 20 Most Popular Articles Featured Articles Do SoC Architects Have to Get Physical? Monday Nov. 14, 2016 A Look at New Open Standards to Improve Reliability and Redundancy of Automotive Ethernet Thursday Nov. 10, 2016 Adaptive Rate Control Algorithm Monday Oct. 31, 2016 Blogs Industry Expert Blogs IP-SoC 2016: IP Innovation, Foundries, IoT and Security SemiWiki - Eric Esteve US Plans To Scupper China's Chip Ambitions Mannerisms - David Manners Is FPGA Intel Next Big Thing for IoT ? SemiWiki - Eric Esteve Videos Slides Events IP-SOC Days 2016 IP-SOC 2016 Archives IP-SOC 2015 IP-SOC 2014 IP-SOC 2013 IP-SOC 2012 IP-SOC 2011 IP-SOC 2010 Choose a filter Full Site Search Silicon IP Verification IP Software IP News Industry Articles Netspeed Raises $10M in Series C Funding Led by Intel Capital to Bring Machine learning to SoC design and architecture NetSpeed adds Crux, interconnect IP targeting enterprise infrastructure to its product portfolio San Jose, Calif., October 24, 2016—NetSpeed Systems Inc., announced today it has closed a $10 million Series C funding round led by Intel Capital with participation from investors SK Hynix and Walden-Riverwood Ventures. NetSpeed offers a portfolio of on-chip interconnect IP powered by advanced machine learning technology that helps customers streamline their SoC architecture and design. NetSpeed also announced Crux, the latest addition to its product portfolio, targeting cloud, hyper-scale and enterprise networking and storage segments. Crux was built from the ground-up to support packet processing architectures. The company’s customers include leaders in data centers, enterprise networking, mobile, automotive and digital home. “When we started the company five years ago, we started with the vision of solving problems that the industry would face in the future,” said Sundari Mitra, CEO and co-founder at NetSpeed. “Putting machine learning technology into the hands of SoC architects to empower them to satisfy very complex application requirements is one example of this.” Machine learning algorithms learn patterns in data and then predict similar patterns in new data. NetSpeed’s advanced machine learning algorithms have been trained using large volumes of customer design data. One of the key benefits of machine learning is that it becomes possible to model the system as a whole, taking into account system interactions and understanding how they affect quality-of-service. NetSpeed’s machine learning technology, which was recently rolled out in its Gemini 3.0 product, is designed to optimize performance and power efficiency broadly across all use cases and thus achieve optimal application performance. Gemini 3.0 is a cache-coherent interconnect IP that maximizes the performance of heterogeneous multicore system-on-chip (SoC) designs for enterprise, automotive, mobile and IoT applications. “We are in an era of exciting new applications for technology. This drives the need for complex and high performance SoCs tuned to emerging workloads,” said Diane M. Bryant, Executive Vice President and General Manager of the Data Center Group at Intel. “NetSpeed’s interconnect solution which emphasizes design topology analysis, high bandwidth support and right-by-design construction, is an important enabling technology which promises to accelerate innovation.” With this investment, NetSpeed also joins the Intel Capital Diversity Fund, which supports startups led by diverse teams of entrepreneurs. About Intel Capital Intel Capital, Intel's strategic investment and M&A organization, backs innovative startups targeting computing and smart devices, cloud, datacenter, security, the Internet of Things, wearable and robotic technologies and semiconductor manufacturing. Since 1991, Intel Capital has invested US$11.7 billion in 1,457 companies worldwide, and 605 portfolio companies have gone public or been acquired. Through its business development programs, Intel Capital curates thousands of introductions each year between its portfolio executives and Intel's customers and partners in the Global 2000. For more information on what makes Intel Capital one of the world’s most powerful venture capital firms, visit www.intelcapital.com or follow @Intelcapital. About SK Hynix Inc. SK Hynix Inc., headquartered in Korea, is the world’s top tier semiconductor supplier offering Dynamic Random Access Memory chips (“DRAM”), Flash memory chips ("NAND Flash") and CMOS Image Sensors ("CIS") for a wide range of distinguished customers globally. The Company’s shares are traded on the Korea Exchange, and the Global Depository shares are listed on the Luxemburg Stock Exchange. Further information about SK Hynix is available at www.skhynix.com . About Walden-Riverwood Ventures Walden-Riverwood Ventures is a partnership between two successful VC firms, Walden International and Riverwood Capital. Walden International is a leading international venture capital firm that has been providing investors access to cross-border, IT opportunities with the advantage of an unrivaled Pan Asia network since 1987. The firm’s funds total over US$2 billion in committed capital. Riverwood Capital is a globally-focused private equity firm that invests in high-growth businesses in the technology and services industries, across a variety of verticals and geographies. About NetSpeed Systems NetSpeed Systems provides scalable, coherent on-chip network IPs to SoC designers for a wide range of markets from mobile to high-performance computing and networking. NetSpeed's on-chip network platform delivers significant time-to-market advantages through a system-level approach, a high level of user-driven automation and state-of-the-art algorithms. NetSpeed Systems was founded in 2011 and is led by seasoned executives from the semiconductor and networking industries. The company is funded by top-tier investors from Silicon Valley. It is based in San Jose, California and has additional research and development facilities in Asia. For more information, visit www.netspeedsystems.com.     Contact NetSpeed Systems Fill out this form for contacting a NetSpeed Systems representative. Your Name: Your E-mail address: Your Company address: Your Phone Number: Write your message:     Search Silicon IP 16,000 IP Cores from 450 Vendors   NetSpeed Systems Hot IP Scalable, Coherent On-Chip Network IP Software Configuration On-Chip Network IP   See NetSpeed Systems IP >> Related News Movea Secures 6.5 Million Euros in Series C Funding Led by Intel Capital Nanochip Secures $10 Million in Series C Funding Led by Intel Capital; Investment Round to Provide for Commercialization of Ultra-High-Capacity Removable Storage Chips Peraso Raises $20M Series C Financing Co-Led by Integrated Device Technology (IDT) and Roadmap Capital NetSpeed Systems Accelerates SoC Innovation with Funding from Top-Tier Investors Ambiq Micro Closes $10M Series B Funding Led By Austin Ventures   See NetSpeed Systems Latest News >> Breaking News Packet Introduces Global ARMv8-A Bare Metal Cloud to Power Container and IoT Workloads Imagination Technologies Adopts Synopsys STAR Memory System for Embedded Memory Test and Repair for New MIPS Processor SMIC and IMECAS Sign A Cooperation Agreement for MEMS R&D and Foundry Platform Brite Semiconductor Announces DDR4 IP Achieve 2400 Mbps on SMIC 40nm Process Real Intent Announces Meridian RDC, a New Product for Reset Domain Crossing Sign-off   See Latest News >> Most Popular Siemens to expand its digital industrial leadership with acquisition of Mentor Graphics Xilinx to Dive in Hyperscale Race Denso to launch joint research on multithreaded CPU cores with Imagination Technologies Socionext Announces New Low-Power, Scalable ARM-based Multi-Core Processor SoC Xilinx Reconfigurable Acceleration Stack Delivers Fastest Path to 2-6x Compute Efficiency over FPGA Competition   See the Top 20 >> E-mail This Article Printer-Friendly Page EETimes © 2016 Design And Reuse All Rights Reserved. No portion of this site may be copied, retransmitted, reposted, duplicated or otherwise used without the express written permission of Design And Reuse. Partner with us Visit our new Partnership Portal for more information. Partner with us List your Products Suppliers, list your IPs for free. List your Products Design-Reuse.com Contact Us About us D&R Partner Program Advertise with Us Privacy Policy
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Why Intel Corporation’s 14-Nanometer Server Chips are So Expensive to Make A look at the math behind Intel's claim that its latest server chips are currently more expensive to build than its previous ones. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Oct 24, 2016 at 5:07PM Microprocessor giant Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) recently reported that its data-center group -- DCG for short -- saw revenue increase by 10% year over year during the third quarter. However, its operating profit for this business unit -- that's revenue less cost of goods sold and operating expenses -- dropped a bit. An enormous chip, known as an FPGA, manufactured in Intel's 14-nanometer tech. Source: Intel.  Intel's explanation for that drop ultimately boiled down to greater product manufacturing costs and increased investments in the business -- likely in the form of higher research and development spending. There appears to be interest in a more in-depth explanation of those higher manufacturing costs. Here's my take.  What affects chip manufacturing costs? At a basic level, chip manufacturing costs are impacted by two major factors: The cost of the silicon wafers upon which the chips are printed. The size of the chip being produced. The number of good chips that come off those wafers (also known as manufacturing yields). New manufacturing technologies usually require additional processing steps to reduce chip size and improve performance. This means that investors can count on wafer costs moving up with each generation. However, just because wafer costs continue to rise doesn't necessarily mean that chip costs must go up. New manufacturing technologies also tend to allow companies to cram more transistors -- which is what a chip is made of -- into a given area. There are 18 cores in this chip. Intel's 2017 server processors will have up to 28. Image source: Intel.  The goal of these area reductions is to reduce the chip area by more than the wafer cost increases, enabling a cost-per-transistor reduction. This allows a chip designer to build a more feature-packed chip for the same cost as a prior-generation product or a similar chip at a lower cost. However, even if the first two factors combine to deliver what should be lower-cost chips, manufacturing yields can throw a wrench into that. If, on a mature process, 90% of the chips produced are salable, while on a new process only 25% of the chips produced can be sold, then even if the new process gives a 20% cost-per-transistor improvement, a chip on the older process will cost less than the same chip built on the newer process. The Intel server chip margin connection In the table below, I have included the chip sizes for both Intel's prior-generation server processors manufactured in a 22-nanometer process (Haswell), as well as the company's latest generation 14-nanometer server processors (Broadwell). Chip Configuration Haswell Server Die Area (mm^2) Broadwell Server Die Area (mm^2) Area Reduction (%) Small chip (LCC) 354 246 30.5 Middle chip (MCC) 492 306 37.8 Large chip (HCC) 662 456 31.1 Source: SemiAccurate, Tom's Hardware.  Notice that the area reduction generation over generation for these parts ranges from 30% to about 38%. Intel Executive Vice President Stacy Smith once told investors that the wafer cost increase in moving from the 22-nanometer technology to the newer 14-nanometer technology would be about 30%, so it's no surprise that Intel aimed to reduce the chip areas by around 30% to offset the increased cost per area. So what does this have to do with Intel's server chip margins? As discussed above, the new chips appear to be designed to be no more expensive to manufacture than their predecessors. In a situation where manufacturing yields on the older-generation chips and the newer-generation chips are at parity, Intel's margins should be roughly flat to slightly up (in the case of that MCC chip). However, since 14-nanometer yields appear to be meaningfully worse, the 14-nanometer chips wind up being more expensive than the prior-generation 22-nanometer products. This ultimately leads to the lower margins that Intel suffered from in bringing those new chips to market. As manufacturing yields improve on Intel's 14-nanometer technology, its manufacturing costs should come down, ultimately helping to boost margins higher. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Oct 24, 2016 at 5:07PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.91 up $0.43 (1.25%) Read More Which of These Companies Could Buy InvenSense? Intel Corporation Needs to Hustle on 10-Nanometer Server Chips Better Buy: Micron Technology, Inc. vs. Intel Corp. Could Intel's Latest AI Partnership Hurt Ambarella? 3 Ways Intel Corporation Has Changed in 3 Years Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x


Home Consulting Advertise Contact & About Archive Price Lists (deprecated) Frisky Gen-Z’s to battle boomer Intel by Robin Harris on Monday, 24 October, 2016 The internalization of storage is spawning another war – this time in memory interconnects. From Anandtech: This week sees the launch of the Gen-Z Consortium, featuring names such as ARM, Huawei, IBM, Mellanox, Micron, Samsung, SK Hynix and Xilinx, with the purpose of designing a new memory semantic fabric that focuses on the utilization of ‘on-package and storage class memoryʼ (HMC, phase-change, 3D XPoint etc) at the hardware level. Let’s unpack that. A bunch of companies, not including Intel or Microsoft, wants to build a standard for using memory as storage. The semantics refer to the limited instruction set that the new bus will use – reads, writes, load, store, put/get – for block-based storage class memory. Further, they plan to scale the interconnect from nodes – inside the server – to racks. The consortium has lofty goals: Memory media independence. Enable any type and mix of DRAM and non-volatile memory (NVM) to be directly accessed by applications or through block-semantic communications. High-bandwidth, low-latency. Efficient, memory-semantic protocol supporting a range of signaling rates and link widths that scale from 10s to 100s of GB/s of bandwidth. Multipath. High signaling rates (up to 112 GT/s), and traffic segregation so services and applications may be isolated. Scalability. From point-to-point to rack-scale, switch-based topologies. Oh, yeah. Cheap too, uses existing form factors and cables. This all sounds great. But here’s the kicker: Gen-Z supports a wide variety of component types including processors, memory modules, FPGAs, GPU / GPGPU, DSP, I/O, accelerators, NICs, custom ASICs, and many more. Processors? And Intel isn’t on board? Micron, of course, is Intel’s partner for 3D XPoint, and, if you look at the ownership of their JV, is in charge. But I think they want to keep Intel happy. The StorageMojo take Hurrah for Gen-Z! I like what they’re trying to do, even if the Gen-Z everywhere and anywhere over anything message threatens to fragment the effort into a dozen or more “standard” but incompatible implementations. Give people a lot of options and they’ll take ’em. Even though they will rarely all choose the same ones. The larger issue is that the consortium members don’t want to surrender storage class memory to Intel’s tender mercies. And that I support too. But on-chip interfaces to SCM will be way more performant than off-chip. The Gen-Z Gang of Eight faces an uphill fight, at least in x86 land. OTOH, Intel may face anti-trust scrutiny if they are too aggressive in locking out competing technologies. I’ll make some popcorn. This will be fun to watch. Courteous comments welcome, of course. Tweet { 0 comments… add one now } Leave a Comment Name E-mail Website Previous post: ClearSky: object storage at enterprise block speed Recent Comments KW Bouchard on Building fast erasure coded storage Ashok Matta on Big Data in Formula 1 racing c8to on Artisanal science doesn’t scale Laz Vekiarides on ClearSky: object storage at enterprise block speed Phil Fote on ClearSky: object storage at enterprise block speed David E. Williams on ClearSky: object storage at enterprise block speed Ian F. Adams on ClearSky: object storage at enterprise block speed John Other on Everspin’s MRAM IPO John Other on Everspin’s MRAM IPO Recent Posts Frisky Gen-Z’s to battle boomer Intel ClearSky: object storage at enterprise block speed Everspin’s MRAM IPO Is 3D XPoint in trouble? Nutanix IPO: the big score Dell vets: buff up your resumes this weekend Artisanal science doesn’t scale Nantero NRAM: ARM’d and dangerous Notes on VMworld 2016   StorageMojo Channel Categories Architecture Backup Cloud computing & storage Clusters Disk Enterprise Future Tech Hike blogging Information Management IoT Management Marketing Mobile NAS, IP, iSCSI Object storage Off-Topic Price Lists SAN, FC Security & Public Policy SOHO/SMB SSD/Flash/NVRAM Video Virtualization Greatest hits EMC threatens StorageMojo Google's disk failure experience Everything you know about disks is wrong EMC: "These aren't the droids you're looking for" Home RAID vs backup Google file system eval ZFS: threat or menace? An open source SAN ZFS performance vs hardware RAID CERN's data corruption research Recent tweets Tweets by @StorageMojo ©2004-2016 TechnoQWAN LLC
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video YANG: coming soon to a router near you IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH YANG: coming soon to a router near you Satya Nadella hits Sydney and channels Steve O'Ballmer from eight years ago Is that your television? Or a zero client running a virtual desktop? SpectraLogic SLACSS off to speed HPC archiving Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Gone in 70 seconds: Linux can be owned by holding Enter key If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets Twitter rolls out troll controls DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed More like this Iot Sports Vr Big Data Business Intel throws the ball long with sports, VR and IoT cash injections Chip giant puts $38m into next generation of digital tech 24 Oct 2016 at 20:22, Kieren McCarthy Kieren McCarthy Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Security , Iana, Icann, Fcc, Google Recent Articles 2016 has been a garbage fire. But 2017's looking up – there'll be loads of IPOs, beams Intel Verizon boss: Yahoo! email hack 'is a big deal to us', we'll decide new price next month Intel throws the ball long with sports, VR and IoT cash injections Intel has launched a new group to cozy up to pro-sports, aimed at working with the major leagues to introduce the next wave of technology from virtual reality to data analytics, tracking and image capture. The new Intel Sports Group was announced Monday by Wendell Brooks, president of Intel's venture capital arm, Intel Capital – alongside a raft of investments in 12 companies amounting to $38m. Some of those companies will be directly involved in the "digitization" of sport, something that Intel CEO Brian Krzanich said would amount to "the biggest change in sports in decades." Key in that shift is the hot topic of virtual reality. Among the investments Intel has made – typically as the lead investor in a round of funding – are: A number of companies working on image capture, including super-fast video as well as 3D and VR. A company specializing in 3D audio. Several wireless sensing and analytics companies. Chronocam, based in Paris, works from the fact that the human eye tends to only store information, or at least focus its attention, where there is movement. By doing the same, the company hopes to be able to create new vision sensors and systems that provide a more human visual experience than current systems – and one that works much faster. The result could be the ability to experience the visceral rush of, for example, scoring a touchdown, without it feeling like a simulation or lacking sufficient clarity or resolution. Dysonics is doing for hearing what VR cameras are doing for vision. The company demoed its multi-direction microphone (with eight mics in a 360-degree container) and software that allows sound to move about as you move your head. The end result is that it can put you at an event, especially a live one, in a way that is more realistic and hence more engaging than anything currently available. "Audio is roughly 50 per cent of your experience at a live event," argued its CEO Robert Dalton Jr. "When it comes to 360-degree content [ie, VR], that can be 60, 70 even 80 per cent of your experience." At the other end, CubeWorks unveiled tiny sensors – tiny enough to be placed under your skin – that can sense everything from movement to pressure. Grand Chip Microelectronics (aka Kangxi Communication Technologies) is working on a next-generation wireless tech that will provide longer range as well as faster and cheaper data transfer. And Kinduct offers data and analytics software for sports organizations (as well as health, public safety and military) that provides insights into how to improve and understand performance and movement. Taken together, all these new technologies have the ability to capture and recreate physical events in a way that could bring the user closer than ever to having the experience of sitting courtside during a real basketball match, or eventually even racing down the touchline on the way to winning the Superbowl – live as it happens. "This has the ability to fundamentally change user experience in the world," said Brooks. As to why Intel is interested in getting involved in all these emerging technologies, Brooks – an avid sports fan – pointed out that every one of these devices would be tied back to the data center and to the cloud. Intel Capital has typically invested the same amount of money, but in double the number of companies. Brooks, who has been at the company less than a year, said he hopes to invest more in fewer companies as a way to "add value on a different vector." Or in other words, make specific things happen faster with greater payoff. This year, the bulk of that approach appears to be in the brave new world of immersive entertainment. ® Sponsored: 10 Reasons LinuxONE is the best choice for Linux workloads Tips and corrections 1 Comment More from The Register Intel taps baton, tells the IoT orchestra to tune up Chipzilla updates dev environment for Thing connectivity Intel's new chip targets industrial IoT The E3900 family doubles performance 20 Comments Yeah, that '50bn IoT devices by 2020' claim is a load of dog toffee IDTechX report takes a swipe at other analysts' 'hype bubble' 28 Comments Dell bundles bundle of systems-bundlers into its IoT van Secure or not, it's great if someone's making money Building IoT London: Still working on your pitch? Mmm, OK, you’ve got a week till the call for papers shuts 7 Comments Building IOT London sessions: From tiny sensors to big data Early-bird tickets take flight 14 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile The need for comprehensive email security is greater than ever Email continues to be the most common attack vector by which networks are compromised and malware spread. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Spotlight The sharks of AI will attack expensive and scarce workers faster than they eat drivers Testing times: Between some IoT code and a hard place CIOs: VDI? Maybe, just maybe, it really will be different this time... Power to the (outsourced) people – globalisation starts small Brexit judgment could be hit for six by those crazy Supreme Court judges, says barrister Broadcom would certainly be broader with Brocade on board Lessons from the Mini: Before revamping or rebooting anything, please read this Hardware ain't hard, money is: Crowdfunding, bootstraps and startups Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Latest News Dow 18,923 +54.37 +0.29% Nasdaq 5,276 +57.23 +1.10% S&P 500 2,180 +16.19 +0.75% 2:31 A.M. ET Barratt sales in London lag, but order book is up 2:30 A.M. ET Bouygues profit beats views on telecom unit boost 2:29 A.M. ET Total SA creates bioplastics JV with Corbion 2:28 A.M. ET GSK at fault for couple's time in China jail: suit 2:26 A.M. ET Reports of iPhone glitch investigated in China 2:25 A.M. ET VW, Audi may face higher emission suit costs 2:24 A.M. ET Deutsche Bank shrinks U.S. entity to meet EU rules 1:12 A.M. ET Australia wage growth falls to record low 1:09 A.M. ET Dollar’s march higher takes a break as investors wonder if it’s gone too far 12:51 A.M. ET Violent Protests Break Out in Athens as Obama Visits 11/15 Updated Asian stocks peek higher, led by financials 11/15 Walgreens says Theranos voided 11.3% of its customers’ blood tests 11/15 Henry Louis Gates Discusses Ideological Divides Among Black Americans 11/15 Want a cheaper fare on United? It’ll cost you the overhead bin 11/15 Updated Warren Buffett loves four airline stocks, but Wall Street prefers this one 11/15 Henry Louis Gates Discusses New PBS TV Series 11/15 Updated SEC boss Mary Jo White should be stepping up the fight, not stepping down 11/15 Updated 5 reasons why it’s too early for investors to stop worrying about President Trump 11/15 Investors hope Snap will unlock IPO market for tech unicorns 11/15 Updated New supersonic jetliner a step closer to getting off the ground Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Until London Markets Open Asia Markets Currencies US Market Snapshot Home Press Release Virtual Reality for Retail Accelerates With $15.2 Million Investment in InContext Solutions By Published: Oct 24, 2016 4:30 p.m. ET Share InContext Solutions closes growth funding round led by Intel Capital, Beringea, Plymouth Ventures and existing investors CHICAGO, Oct 24, 2016 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- InContext Solutions, a global leader in virtual reality (VR) solutions for retailers and manufacturers, today announced the closing of a $15.2 million funding round. The round, led by Intel Capital and Beringea, will help InContext Solutions accelerate sales and marketing efforts, expand its geographic footprint, and improve its VR product portfolio, including further development of solutions for head-mounted devices. “This latest round of funding gives us strong strategic backers who share our vision of even more robust, fully-immersive virtual reality solutions for retail,” said Mark Hardy, CEO of InContext Solutions. “We have long been a leader in web-based VR, and this investment allows us to aggressively develop our VR platform, further lowering costs and improving speed and revenue for our clients.” InContext Solutions helps retailers and manufacturers more rapidly visualize, test and deploy new retail concepts using hyper-realistic simulations of actual retail environments. Available through InContext’s flagship ShopperMX™ VR platform, clients can create optimal in-store shopper experiences that lower risk and improve the bottom line. VR has proven to be a disruptive new approach to traditionally slow and expensive retail processes, significantly reducing the cost and time required for companies to conceive, create, test and activate in-store experiences. By streamlining these processes, InContext Solutions VR technology powers shopping experiences that are more engaging for consumers and more profitable for clients. “Virtual reality is expanding to many different industries in addition to gaming,” said Doug Fisher, senior vice president and general manager of the Software and Services group at Intel Corporation. “InContext Solutions has already had significant impact on virtual reality for the retail and manufacturing industries. We are excited to see how virtual reality solutions based on Intel® Architecture, such as InContext’s, are poised to transform industries in more immersive, interactive ways.” Intel and InContext Solutions last month announced a collaboration to develop new VR solutions for the retail ecosystem. To learn more about InContext Solutions, please visit www.incontextsolutions.com. About InContext Solutions InContext Solutions is the global leader in enterprise virtual reality (VR) shopping and retail solutions, allowing manufacturers and retailers to simulate real in-store shopping situations to ideate, evaluate and activate all types of merchandising, display, layout and other in-store shopping experiences within a VR store environment. Use of InContext’s ShopperMX™ platform delivers substantial cost savings and reduces capital expenditures by allowing clients to test and evaluate ideas in the VR store environment—as opposed to doing so in physical stores—while reducing competitive visibility. Visit www.incontextsolutions.com. About Intel Capital Intel Capital, Intel's strategic investment and M&A organization, backs innovative startups worldwide targeting computing and smart devices, cloud, datacenter, security, the Internet of Things, wearable and robotic technologies and semiconductor manufacturing. Since 1991, Intel Capital has invested US$11.7 billion in 1,457 companies in 57 countries, and 605 portfolio companies have gone public or been acquired. Through its business development programs, Intel Capital curates thousands of meetings each year between its portfolio and Intel's partners in the Global 2000. For more information on what makes Intel Capital one of the world's most powerful venture capital firms, visit www.intelcapital.com or follow @Intelcapital. About Beringea Beringea provides equity and/or mezzanine debt to growth-oriented companies in the U.S. and UK. The Firm, which includes Michigan-based Beringea, LLC and its London, UK office Beringea LLP, invests in exceptional companies operating in a range of sectors, including healthcare, information technology, advanced manufacturing, media and specialized consumer products. With flexible capital solutions, extensive investing experience and an international footprint, Beringea’s team offers its portfolio companies the resources to grow their businesses and create value for stakeholders. For more information, visit www.beringea.com. In the United States of America, Beringea operates as an SEC-registered investment advisor, Beringea, LLC. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161024005388/en/ SOURCE: InContext Solutions"> <Property FormalName="PrimaryTwitterHandle" Value="@incontext for InContext Solutions Kaitlin Myers, 913-220-5292 kaitlin@propllr.com Copyright Business Wire 2016 MarketWatch Partner Center Politics & Property Presidents’ weekend homes away from the White House View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Sponsored Content Alternatives in an uncertain world View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews


Mittwoch, 16.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»INTEL AKTIE»Chronocam Announces $15 Million Series B Funding from Intel Capital, iBionext, Robolution Capital, CEA Investissement, Renault, and Robert Bosch Venture Capital / Investment to help productize and bring to market innovative bio-inspired vision technology INTEL CORPORATION 32,552  Euro +0,101 +0,31 % WKN: 855681  ISIN: US4581401001 Ticker-Symbol: INL  Frankfurt | 16.11.16 | 08:00 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Aktie: BrancheHalbleiter AktienmarktNASDAQ-100 DJ Industrial S&P 100 S&P 500 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 32,531 32,679 08:32 32,549 32,642 08:31 24.10.2016 | 22:22 (12 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) Marketwired·Mehr Nachrichten von Marketwired Chronocam Announces $15 Million Series B Funding from Intel Capital, iBionext, Robolution Capital, CEA Investissement, Renault, and Robert Bosch Venture Capital / Investment to help productize and bring to market innovative bio-inspired vision technology PARIS, FRANCE--(Marketwired - October 24, 2016) - Chronocam SA, a developer of biologically-inspired vision sensors and computer vision solutions for automotive, IoT and other applications requiring vision processing, today announced it has raised $15 million in Series B financing. The funding comes from lead investor Intel Capital, along with iBionext, Robert Bosch Venture Capital GmbH, 360 Capital, CEAi and Renault Group. Chronocam will use the investment to continue building a world-class team to accelerate product development and commercialize its computer vision sensing and processing technology. The funding will also allow the company to expand into key markets, including the US and Asia. Chronocam's proprietary approach leverages the company's deep expertise in computer vision technology, sensor design and neuromorphic computing, which mimics the human brain. The Chronocam method uses innovative data capture techniques to greatly improve performance, dynamic range and power efficiency of cameras in a wide range of applications. "Conventional computer vision approaches are not well-suited to the requirements of a new generation of vision-enabled systems," said Luca Verre, CEO and co-founder of Chronocam. "For example, autonomous vehicles require faster sensing systems which can operate in a wider variety of ambient conditions. In the IoT segment, power budgets, bandwidth requirements and integration within sensor networks make today's vision technologies impractical and ineffective." "Chronocam's unique bio-inspired technology introduces a new paradigm in capturing and processing visual data, and addresses the most pressing market challenges head-on," Verre continued. "We are well-positioned to capitalize on this significant market opportunity; and we appreciate the confidence demonstrated by our investors as we roll out our technology to an increasing number of customers." "The world is becoming increasingly connected and intelligent. And computer vision is a key enabler of this trend, particularly for the automotive industry and Internet of Things," said Wendell Brooks, senior vice president at Intel and president of Intel Capital. "Connected machines can quickly and accurately visualize their environment and act on that data in real time, for example, bringing the potential to protect lives with safer roads. We look forward to helping Chronocam bring the next generation of smart machine vision systems to market." Chronocam Chronocam is developing a unique, bio-inspired and self-adapting approach to the need for visual sensing and processing in autonomous vehicles, connected devices, security and surveillance systems. Its innovative vision sensors and systems replicate the functioning of the human eye and address the limitations of conventional vision sensors by enabling real time sensing of the relevant dynamic scene context and acquiring only what is necessary. The result is that Chronocam's vision solutions set a new benchmark for computer vision performance with unprecedented speed, dynamic range, sensor level video compression and power efficiency, at the same time. Based in Paris, Chronocam is a venture backed company with investors including 360 Capital, CEA Investissement, iBionext, Intel Capital, Renault-Nissan Group, and Robert Bosch Venture Capital. More information can be found at www.chronocam.com. Intel Capital Intel Capital, Intel's strategic investment and M&A organization, backs innovative startups targeting computing and smart devices, cloud, datacenter, security, the Internet of Things, wearable and robotic technologies and semiconductor manufacturing. Since 1991, Intel Capital has invested US$11.7 billion in 1,457 companies worldwide, and 605 portfolio companies have gone public or been acquired. Through its business development programs, Intel Capital curates thousands of introductions each year between its portfolio executives and Intel's customers and partners in the Global 2000. For more information on what makes Intel Capital one of the world's most powerful venture capital firms, visit www.intelcapital.com or follow @Intelcapital For more information contact: Luca Verre Email contact +33 (0)6 95 98 10 80 Mike Sottak Email contact +1 408 876 4418 © 2016 Marketwired Nachrichten zu INTEL CORPORATION Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten 00:51 "The Intel Of Your Generation is Nvidia!' Screams Cramer ► Artikel lesen Di Intel announces $250 million for autonomous driving tech ► Artikel lesen Di Intel to invest over $250M in autonomous driving ► Artikel lesen Di Intel Is Making a Major Investment in Autonomous Vehicles ► Artikel lesen Di Intel Earmarks $250 Million To Fund Startups Working on Automated Vehicle Tech ► Artikel lesen Nachrichten zu RENAULT SA Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten Di Autoindustrie: Der 100-Milliarden-Euro-Schock! - Daimler, VW, MAN, Scania, Volvo, Renault Liebe Leser, die europäischen Lkw-Hersteller wurden bei jahrelangen Kartellabsprachen und Preiskungeleien ertappt. So viel ist zweifelsfrei erwiesen. Nun will eine Anwaltskanzlei eine Sammelklage auf... ► Artikel lesen Mo Renault: Viel Ärger trotz gutem Jahr ► Artikel lesen Mo Renault und Dacia Partnerkongress: Ziel sechs Prozent Marktanteil ► Artikel lesen Sa Prüfer messen bei vielen Automodellen höhere CO2-Werte: Opel, Mercedes, Renault und viele ... ► Artikel lesen Fr Renault launches automated manual transmission KWID at Rs 4.25 lakh ► Artikel lesen Nachrichten zu ROBERT BOSCH GMBH Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten Di Bosch erhöht Investitionen in den USA ► Artikel lesen Di Sony und Bosch überwachen künftig zusammen: Bosch und Sony wollen ihre Kräfte im Bereich Videoüberwachung bündeln. ... ► Artikel lesen Di Samsung greift Continental und Bosch mit Milliarden-Zukauf an ► Artikel lesen Mo Corporate Websites - Henkel vor Bosch: Das sind Deutschlands beste Firmenwebsites ► Artikel lesen Mo Samsung attackiert Bosch und Conti mit Milliarden-Zukauf ► Artikel lesen Firmen im Artikel 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart INTEL CORPORATION Unternehmen / Aktien Kurs % INTEL CORPORATION 32,552 +0,31 % RENAULT SA 74,11 +1,13 % ROBERT BOSCH GMBH 122,72 -0,44 % Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
null

null
null




Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. What To Know Now About Wearable Tech International Business Times 10/24/2016 Alexandra Suarez © Provided by IBT US The world of wearable tech, as we know it, is growing and consistently pushing the existing boundaries between technology and what we wear. What began with fitness trackers, smartwatches and other tech-driven accessories, has since blossomed into wearable technology that can measure, monitor and report on our health, now, from the very fabric of our clothing. Popular Searches Audi AG AUDVF ▼ 656.20 -11.30 -1.69% Dick's Sporting Goods Inc DKS ▼ 56.71 -4.18 -6.86% International Business Machines Corp IBM ▲ 158.67 +0.46 +0.29% LGL Group Inc LGL ▲ 4.49 +0.18 +4.28% Wearable tech has been the hot topic of the year with brands like Fitbit. The fitness tracking brand pulled ahead of Apple and Samsung as the top purveyor of leading wearable devices.  Fitbit recently reported first-quarter net income of $11 million on $505.4 million in revenue. As consumers’ response to tech has varied, from the unfavorable (Google Glass) to the hopeful (VR Goggles), the question remains: How will the consumer respond to the meteoric developments in the world of wearables? “It’s this convergence of really figuring out how you integrate technology in a visible way, yet it’s meaningful to the consumer. Every brand has a unique consumer,” Sandra Lopez, vice president of strategic relationships/business development for Intel’s New Devices Group, told The International Business Times at the 2016 Fashion Tech Forum, which was held in Brooklyn Oct. 13. Founded by CEO and consultant Karen Harvey, this was the conference’s third year and played host to innovators in the wearables space, from Sandra Lopez, Intel's vice president of wearables, to Paul Dillinger, Levi’s vice president of global product innovation.  Lopez has championed Intel’s bite-size module device, Intel’s Curie Module, and formed partnerships with fashion brands like Baja East, Hussein Chalayan and Oakley to integrate the device, a mix of software and hardware, into their accessories, making virtually any piece a wearable. Lopez said the success of wearable pieces lies in how each brand harnesses the technology to make it work for consumers. And “one size” does not fit all.  “It’s personal. I firmly believe that the people who are not using their Fitbits and put it in their drawer three months later, it probably wasn’t for them to begin with. “As a technology company, there is not one solution for everybody,” Lopez added. “We’re all different. Bringing relevant experiences and multiple experiences is going to be the key to success.” In 2016, there is no shortage of brands and companies that have delivered to bring consumers those “relevant” and continued experiences. From wearable, tech-driven fabrics to mood, health and wellness trackers, here are 10 brands and products that are redefining “wearable tech” to bring consumers smart, intuitive experiences through technology.  Tech Fabrics: Garments that feature “smart” fabric will be the washable, everyday answer to the wearable tech accessory. Google and Levi’s teamed up on Project Jacquard, which was first announced in May and champions garments made from yarns that can interact directly with digital devices and smartphones.  Using integrated GPS and electronics that are washable, Wearable Experiments also debuted a line of pieces that connect wearers to experience, or “human/computer” interaction. The company released a sports jersey, aptly named the Fan Jersey, prior to the Super Bowl that transmits haptic vibrations, allowing fans to feel vibrations based on real-time plays during the game. The company also released leggings called the Nadi X. The tights are made with the same technology as the jersey, but assist the wearer in correcting form during a workout.  Module-Based Wearables: Intel’s Curie Module is an example of a device that could be incorporated into a variety of products to make them wearable. In the past year, Intel has partnered with fashion brands to integrate the module into a variety of pieces. A partnership with Oakley saw the release of a modified pair of Oakley Thump sunglasses, which allows the frames to speak to the wearer. And a collaboration with designer Hussein Chalayan during Fashion Week in September saw the debut of Curie Module-powered glasses that gather biometric data to monitor breathing, heart rate and brainwave activity.  Fitness and Wellbeing Trackers: Fitness trackers have had some of the highest success rates in the wearable tech space, and when it comes to fitness, Fitbit products have consistently hit the mark. Its new Charge 2 wristband uses a PurePulse Heart Rate feature that tracks heart rate and can better track caloric burn. Stress and overall wellbeing are kept in check with Vinaya’s Zentawearable, a pioneering piece in “emotion technology.” Zenta builds a profile of the wearer by tracking sleep, stress, emotional states and overall mood. The Zenta wristbands can be pre-ordered on the brand’s Indiegogo page and are expected to ship beginning in March.  VR Goggles And Glasses: With the advent of mainstream VR technology, consumers can expect to see many iterations of VR goggles debut soon. One of the most buzzed-about products is the Oculus Rift, which is expected to debut later this year. The goggles can plug in through USB or DVI ports and the consumer model is said to use 2160-by-1200 resolution, Warable reported. The Samsung Gear VR goggles are available now and connect to Samsung’s smartphones, making them compatible and user-friendly.  Pet Tech: Pets are in on the wearable action, too. Wearable devices that track and monitor pet health have claimed a space in the wearables category. Brands include Whistle, which tracks a pet’s location and daily activity, and PetPace, a “smart collar” that monitors a pet’s vital signs, activity and behavioral patterns.  “Enviro-trackers”: Devices that not only measure personal health and well-being, but monitor surroundings and the environment will be another coming wearable trend. Tzoa revealed its “enviro-tracker,” which hooks directly to garments and uses internal sensors to measure and report temperature, air quality, atmospheric pressure and UV exposure. Using the data, the device can help the wearer determine where there’s fresh air and indicate locations on a real-time environmental data map that shows where there is air pollution. Tzoa’s enviro-tracker currently is available for pre-order.  Go to MSN Home More in Money Amazing Airstreams: The coolest tiny homes on wheels Lovemoney 8 ways President Trump will affect Wall Street U.S. News & World Report - Money 6 reasons to think twice before moving to Canada MarketWatch The 10 most expensive prescription drugs in America Fiscal Times How China's richest man is buying up the world Lovemoney 7 things you should never do online USA TODAY Up Next 20 tips for saving money at the grocery store U.S. News & World Report - Money AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from International Business Times Thomas Barrack To Head Trump’s Inaugural Committee International Business Times Andrea Navedo Talks About Xo’s Exciting New Storyline In ‘Jane The Virgin’ Season 3 International Business Times Tinder Introduces Transgender Options International Business Times Can A Crowdfunded Telescope Photograph An Earth-Like Planet? International Business Times International Business Times View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
MSPU Windows Phone Windows 10 Surface Xbox Enterprise Tip us Settings Text Input: Windows 10 Windows Phone Surface Xbox Enterprise Settings Tip us Forum Text Input: What to expect from Microsoft’s Windows 10 event on October 26th 7 by Mehedi Hassan  @mehedih_ Oct 26, 2016 at 10:50 GMT3 weeks ago It’s time for another big Microsoft event. The software giant is holding a software and possibly hardware event on October 26th in New York, where the company is expected to talk about the future of Windows 10 and a lot more. Unlike Apple or Google events, there haven’t been many leaks about what exactly Microsoft will reveal at its upcoming event. But there has been a few rumors about Microsoft’s upcoming announcements, so here’s a list of what to expect from Microsoft’s Windows 10 event later this month: The future of Windows 10 Microsoft’s main focus at the event will be on Windows 10, and that’s not anything surprising. The company is calling the event a Windows 10 event, so expect most things to be related to Windows 10’s future. But what exactly is Windows 10’s feature? It’s “Redstone 2”. At the event, we expect Microsoft to give us a sneak peak at some of the biggest features coming to Windows with Windows 10 Redstone 2. Microsoft has already released a couple of Windows 10 Redstone 2 builds to those on the Windows Insider program — however, most of these builds do not include a lot of big new features. While we aren’t sure what exactly Microsoft will be revealing from Windows 10 Redstone 2, expect Microsoft to talk a lot about productivity-oriented features, gaming on Windows 10, and of course, the Universal Windows Platform. According to recent leaks, Microsoft plans on adding a feature which lets users sync files, screenshots, or just regular text across all of their devices. For instance, if you share a Word document from your Windows 10 computer, you will be able to access it from your Android smartphone. The feature is reportedly called Bundle, and it’s essentially Microsoft’s OneClip service which never saw the light of the day last year. Another feature Microsoft might talk about at the event is the return of OneDrive Placeholders. At Ignite 2016, the company gave a sneak peak at how OneDrive Placeholders worked, and we’ll likely see more details on the feature’s return at this event. In addition to these, Microsoft should talk a lot about Xbox and gaming on Windows 10. While we aren’t sure what exactly the company will reveal at the event, but we suspect Microsoft will talk about some upcoming improvements coming to the Windows Store and Universal Windows Platform for games. As for the Xbox, Microsoft will likely give us a sneak peak at some of the upcoming features to make Windows 10 work even better on the Xbox. It is worth noting that Microsoft could be working on a brand-new File Explorer for Windows 10, but we doubt Microsoft will talk about that in the event as the new File Explorer is very limited at the moment. If the company doesn’t talk about the new File Explorer at the event, we’ll likely see it at Build 2017 which should be even more exciting. As you can see, we don’t really know much about what Windows 10 Redstone 2 features Microsoft will reveal at the event. Whatever it is, it should be quite exciting to see Microsoft’s plans for the future of Windows 10 at the event. In case you are wondering, Microsoft will possibly release the Windows 10 Redstone 2 update for free sometime in March 2017. Surface AIO Microsoft will introduce the new Surface All-In-One at the event, and that’s not a surprise at all. Rumors about the Surface AIO started all the way back in June, and we have had quite a few leaks about the device very recently. According to reports, the Surface AIO will come in at three different sizes. The first variant will pack a 21-inch Full HD display, but the other two will come with 4K displays: one of which will be 24-inch, and the other will be 27-inch. There aren’t many details about the other specs of the Surface AIO, but we suspect Microsoft will pack the latest Intel Kaby Lake processors in the Surface AIO, and Windows Hello should also be present on the device. Along with the Surface AIO, Microsoft will introduce new Surface-branded accessories for the Surface AIO. The company is expected to introduce two different keyboards and mouse. The first one will be the ergonomic keyboard and mouse. And the other one is the minimalistic keyboard and mouse which will be very similar to the Microsoft Designer Desktop Keyboard & Mouse. Images of the minimalistic keyboard and mouse leaked recently, and they look just fine: The actual design of the Surface AIO is still unknown, but it should look similar to most other All-In-One devices. Of course, Microsoft may have one or two surprises for us on the Surface AIO, so that will be quite exciting to see. Surface Pro 4 and Surface Book upgrades It’s been more than a year since Microsoft introduced the Surface Pro 4 and Surface Book. And before we go any further, you should know that Microsoft isn’t going  to reveal the Surface Pro 5 or Surface Book 2 at this event. However, the company might announce some refreshed hardware for the existing Surface Pro 4 and Surface Book for those who can’t wait for the Pro 5 and Book 2. Firstly, Microsoft will potentially upgrade the Surface Pro 4 and Surface Book with Intel’s latest Kaby Lake processors. The new Kaby Lake processors aren’t very different from Intel’s Skylake processors, but they are expected to improve performance in 3D graphics and add native USB 3.1 support. Additionally, these processors will also improve 4K video playback performance. Along with upgrading the processors, Microsoft may also upgrade the GPUs inside the Book (and maybe the Pro 4) which will also be quite interesting to see. But what about the Surface Book 2 and Surface Pro 5? Well, these two devices won’t be introduced at this event. Microsoft will likely introduce them in 2017 when the company officially releases Windows 10 Redstone 2, and we’ll have more info about these devices then. At the moment, all we know about the devices is that they will also Intel’s latest Kaby Lake processors. More importantly though, the Surface Book 2 reportedly doesn’t include the controversial hinge gap — so you might want to wait for the Surface Book 2. Microsoft HomeHub Another interesting thing Microsoft may introduce is “HomeHub”. Now, we don’t know anything about what the HomeHub actually is, it could be a Windows 10 Redstone 2 feature or a new device from Microsoft. So the next few paragraphs about the HomeHub are pure speculation: HomeHub is mostly likely a Windows 10 Redstone 2 feature. HomeHub was first mentioned in a Windows 10 Insider Preview Build, and it could be a feature which lets users share devices within the same network. Another guess is that HomeHub could be Microsoft’s take on devices like the Amazon Echo or Google Home. In this case, HomeHub could be a device which you can put in your kitchen or anywhere in your house, and be able to ask Cortana questions, set reminders, etc. This would actually make quite a lot of sense as Microsoft’s Cortana is the only personal assistant that is available on most of the popular operating systems. For example, if you set a reminder with Cortana on the HomeHub, you will be able to access it from your Windows 10 PC, Android phone, iPhone or Windows Phone — however, devices like the Amazon Echo can’t do this. Once again, there aren’t any details about what the HomeHub actually is. We’ll have to wait until the event to see what Microsoft’s HomeHub is, so keep an eye out for that, too. Others There is some other minor stuff which Microsoft might reveal at the event. Firstly, we may finally see the official launch of Alcatel’s Idol 4S with Windows 10 device — we exclusively reported about the device back in February 2016, and some more information about the device emerged recently. As we reported, the Alcatel Idol 4S will include a 5.5-inch Full HD AMOLED display, 64GB of internal storage, 4GB of RAM, Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 (or 821), Quick Charge 2.0, and it will be exclusive to T-Mobile in the United States. The device will also come with a virtual reality headset which allow users to experience virtual reality on their Idol 4S. Skype Teams is another major product from Microsoft which we exclusively reported about recently. Skype Teams is essentially Microsoft’s take on Slack, but it will be highly integrated with other Microsoft services such as OneDrive, Office 365, and Skype. Skype Teams will boast most of the features you’ll find on Slack, but it will be a much better alternative for businesses who work with Office 365. Microsoft may talk about Skype Teams at the October 26th event, but there is a good chance it may not show up at the event — instead, the software giant may launch it on its upcoming Office event which is happening on the 2nd of November. As usual, there will be some announcements related to HoloLens. We don’t know what Microsoft may talk about at the event, but our guess is that there will be some stuff related to the Windows Holographic Shell — which allows users to use Windows Holographic (aka the HoloLens OS) on their virtual reality headset via their Windows 10 PC. Windows Holographic Shell is expected to arrive next year, presumably with Windows 10 Redstone 2 — so there is a very good chance of Microsoft providing more details about the feature at the event. And lastly, the firm is also going to show off some Windows 10 devices from its partners such as HP, Dell, Samsung, ASUS, etc. …and that’s about it. October 26th will certainly one of the most interesting days of the year if you are a Microsoft fan. We’ll be covering the event live from New York City, so make sure to keep an eye on the site! Related aio Cortana HomeHub microsoft Microsoft HomeHub October 26 Redstone 2 Suirface Book 2 Surface AIO Surface Book 2 surface pro 4 Surface Pro 5 windows 10 Windows 10 Redstone 2 Tweet Share 0 Read these next Trending WhatsApp for Windows Phone updated with many new features by Surur 0 Trending Microsoft announces Visual Studio for Mac by Pradeep 0 Trending Claim: Xbox One game streaming to Windows 10 Mobile in beta testing (screen shot) by Surur 0 Trending Dell Stack + Dock looks gorgeous (new render) by Surur 0 Comments Forums About Us Contact Us Tip Us Submit Articles Community Guidelines Privacy Policy © 2016 MSPoweruser - All rights reservedNot associated with Microsoft   Top
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals We Rely On Your Support: As the lead author of this site, I haven't even had a day off of work in over three years due to my commitment to enriching the Linux hardware experience and the financial struggles of running such an operation single-handedly. If you want to keep blocking ads, please at least consider joining the Phoronix Premium site to help ensure that this site can continue. Thank you. Trying The Turbo Boost Max 3.0 Patches On Linux 4.9 With A Core i7 6800K Broadwell-E Written by Michael Larabel in Linux Kernel on 24 October 2016 at 09:29 AM EDT. 30 Comments Last week the Intel Turbo Boost Max 3.0 patches were updated for the Linux 4.9-rc1 kernel. While it won't be mainlined until Linux 4.10 at least, I decided to try out these TBM 3.0 / ITMT patches with a Core i7 6800K Broadwell-E CPU. Turbo Boost Max 3.0 Technology is designed to boost single-threaded application performance by moving the most critical workloads to the fastest core. TBM 3.0 is complementary to TBM 2.0. Those unfamiliar with it can find details at Intel.com. While CPUs with Turbo Boost Max 3.0 have been shipping for months, there hasn't been any mainline support yet. But I patched an otherwise 4.9-rc1 vanilla kernel with these patches and enabled CONFIG_SCHED_ITMT for having a kernel with the needed support. The Core i7 6800K used for testing has a 3.4GHz base frequency, 3.6GHz turbo frequency, and a Turbo Boost Max Tech 3.0 frequency of 3.8GHz. The ITMT appears just short for Intel Turbo Max Technology. The TBM 3.0 support on a supported kernel can then be toggled via /proc/sys/kernel/sched_itmt_enabled. In early benchmarks done though of (mostly single-threaded) workloads, there wasn't any real difference found in performance. Anyhow, will try more TBM 3.0 patches once the patches are deemed ready for mainline and ideally by then will be able to get access to more Turbo Boost Max 3.0 processors. 30 Comments Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Linux Kernel News Linux 4.9-rc5 Released, 4.9 On Track For Possible Release In Three Weeks ZTE ZX DRM Driver Proposed For Linux 4.10 Linux 4.9-rc4 Kernel Released Many AMDGPU & Other DRM Fixes Queued For Linux 4.9 Linux 4.9-rc3 Kernel Released With Various Fixes Con Kolivas Announces First Major Release Of MuQSS, Successor To BFS Popular News Fedora 25 Is Quite Possibly My Most Favorite Release Yet Project Darling Is Still Trying To Run macOS/OSX Software On Linux OpenGL vs. Vulkan With AMDGPU-PRO 16.40, Compared To NVIDIA On Linux A Number Of KDE Apps Will Be Dropped If They Don't Get Ported To KF5 OpenGL Overload: Implementing OpenGL Over Vulkan The Code To Intel's New Linux Wireless Daemon Is Now Public Latest Linux News GCC Compiler Finishes Nuking Java Support (GCJ) A Walkthrough Of Enlightenment's New Launcher "Luncher" Unity 8 & All Snaps-Based Ubuntu Still Expected For 18.04 LTS X.Org Server 1.19 Officially Released With A Year's Worth Of Improvements Unreal Engine 4.14 Ships With Better Vulkan Support KDE Frameworks 5.28 Brings Many KWayland Improvements, Relative Pointer Protocol Cryptsetup Vulnerability Allows Easily Getting To A Root Shell Intel SDK OpenCL 2016 R3 Brings OpenCL 2.1 & SPIR-V To Linux Raspberry Pi's Desktop Likely Switching To Compton For Better Performance A Very Basic Ubuntu Online Developer Summit Is Happening Now Latest Featured Articles AMDGPU+RadeonSI With Deus Ex: Mankind Divided, One Week Later Intel Kaby Lake HD Graphics 620 OpenGL/Vulkan Performance On Linux Intel Kaby Lake Linux Testing With MSI's Cubi 2 Mini PC Fresh OpenCL + CUDA 8.0 Benchmarks On Kepler/Maxwell/Pascal With NVIDIA 375.10 On Ubuntu Linux 13-Way NVIDIA GeForce + CUDA 8.0 + cuDNN Caffe Benchmarks Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip or Bitcoin. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2016 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
NFC World Knowledge Centre » Wednesday 16 November 2016 |   NFC World News and analysis on the emerging technologies transforming how consumers choose what to buy, who to buy from, and how to pay   Skip to content Home About NFC World Contact us Contribute Advertise Got a tip? News Knowledge Centre Explore… Webinars White papers About the NFC World Knowledge Centre More resources NFC phones list Does my phone have NFC? News by company News by country News by date NFC stock and investment Got a story? Tell us! Events Partner news Ask the Experts Our partners Hot topics HCE NFC Webinar: Implementing HCE payments Tokenization Apple Pay Android Pay Samsung Pay IoT Feedback   US Payments Forum to study mobile and contactless payments Amex cardholders to redeem loyalty points at pharmacy chain Mobile payments to become ‘de-facto payment mode’ in India after banknote change IBM in blockchain project with Singapore fintech startup Indonesian mobile wallet joins with blockchain money transfer network   Explore: EMVCo Intel Visa   Intel to put Visa payments technology into connected devices By Christopher Brown • nfcworld.com • Published 24 October 2016, 13:26 • Last updated 24 October 2016, 14:59 PARTNERSHIP: Visa and Intel to focus on payment security and device authentication Visa and Intel are to work together to integrate payments security technology into Intel chipsets, enabling device manufacturers to build functionality into their products to create “a more secure payment process for the internet of things (IoT)”. Intel is licensing Visa’s encryption technology so data security can be built in at the hardware-layer of chipsets, ensuring payment data originating from devices such as computers, mobiles and IoT devices will be encrypted. The deal — announced at the Money2020 conference in Las Vegas today — will also mean hardware-level data, in the form of a secure device code, can be provided during the 3D Secure authentication process, enabling merchants and issuers to decide if a cardholder is shopping from a recognised payment device and so distinguish between good and bad transactions. Intel Online Connect will be embedded in the new 7th Gen Intel Core processors and will work with the existing 3D Secure protocol and the upcoming 2.0 version, which EMVCo is expected to release this year. ‘Building the bridge between physical and digital worlds’ NFC World’s Rian Boden is at Money2020 in Las Vegas and spoke to Visa’s SVP of risk and authentication products, Mark Nelsen “A huge focus for our announcements and our work has been building that bridge between the physical and the digital world. A lot of these devices we know will have security flaws, because that’s just the nature of software. There’s going to be two components of our partnership with Intel. BRIDGE BUILDER: Visa’s Mark Nelsen “One is around encryption within the chipset itself, so that if you load a payment credential into a connected device, the data is encrypted within that device itself. So if a criminal happens to find some vulnerability, gets into that device and tries to get at any sensitive data, the data that they will get will be encrypted and it won’t be usable. “The other partnership is around what we would call device authentication. Today, often at times what issuers and merchants will do is when you buy something from a device, they’ll use software to figure out what type of operating system it is, where is the device and they’re using these software attributes to determine how safe is this device. “Today, we primarily use software to do that, so with the Intel partnership we’re going to use hardware. Within the chipset, it’s going to trade basically a genuine identifier that we can then use to say, ‘this came from an authentic, Intel-powered device and this is a known device. It gives us more confidence that I’ve seen this device before, it’s a legitimate device, I can now more confidently approve transactions that are originating from that device itself’.” Mark Nelsen from Visa says the rise of connected devices opened up “new entry points for hackers” and required a “new level of coordination between players in payments, technology and computing”. Intel’s Rick Echevarria adds: “Intel 7th Gen Intel Core processors make the online shopping experience hassle free and provide security that is built in to the hardware.” LEARN MORE — Topics: 3D Secure, Authentication, Chipset, Encryption, Intel Core, Intel Online Connect, Internet of Things (IoT), Las Vegas, Mark Nelsen, Money20/20, Rick Echevarria, Security Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Featured partner: Get NFC World's email newsletter The top industry headlines by email, every Wednesday. Frequency Weekly - every Wednesday Daily - every weekday, at 17:00 UK time Related news PreviousDelhi commuters to get wearable travel cards NextBlockchain authentication for mobile transactions More headlines... What is NFC World? We report on the emerging technologies that are transforming how consumers choose what to buy, who to buy from, and how to pay. Find out more Get news from NFC World by email Join 12,600+ others and sign up for our free weekly email news round-up: Frequency Weekly - every Wednesday Daily - every weekday, at 17:00 UK time Latest news US Payments Forum to study mobile and contactless payments Amex cardholders to redeem loyalty points at pharmacy chain Mobile payments to become ‘de-facto payment mode’ in India after banknote change IBM in blockchain project with Singapore fintech startup Indonesian mobile wallet joins with blockchain money transfer network More than 1bn Alipay payments made on Singles’ Day Facebook update brings tokenization to Messenger payments Seqr launches P2P payments in 14 European countries Apple Pay rolls out support for charity donations Samsung Pay to launch Samsung Rewards programme in the US Top marks for palm-vein biometric solution Global NFC market to reach US$47.43bn Apple’s NFC restriction hits mobile payments innovation, Australian banks claim R3 develops KYC registry using blockchain Visa and BioConnect work to enable multiple biometrics on mobile apps Montreal to get NFC transport payments French store uses augmented reality for Christmas shoppers Fashion brand adds NFC and blockchain for authentic personal clothing Indian bank unveils AI-powered robot helper Banks ‘must consider human weakness’ to improve mobile banking security, report says Subscribe, follow, stay in touch Follow @nfcw on Twitter Join the NFC World group on LinkedIn Get our email newsletter NFC World on Google+ NFC World on Facebook RSS news feed Follow @nfcw   Back to top About Contact us Ask us anything! Comment policy Advertise with us Media centre Privacy and cookies Legal Copyright © 2008-2016 SJB Research Ltd. All rights reserved.   Cookies help us deliver our services. By using our services, you agree to our use of cookies. Got it Learn more
Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Press Releases   Axiomtek Press Release Receive press releases from Axiomtek: By Email RSS Feeds: Axiomtek Releases Its Newest High Performance Industrial ATX Motherboard with Rich I/O Options  the IMB500 Axiomtek announces the release of the IMB500, the company's newest high performance and feature-rich ATX Motherboard. City of Industry, CA, October 24, 2016 --(PR.com)-- Axiomtek, one of the world's leading designers and manufacturers of innovative, high performance and reliable PC-based industrial computer products, is proud to announce the IMB500, an industrial ATX motherboard that offers a combination of expandability, high computing capabilities, and rich features. The IMB500 features high performance and scalable CPU options with the 6th Generation Intel® Core™, Pentium® or Celeron® processors in the LGA1151 socket with the Intel® Q170 chipset. The IMB500 also supports four 288-pin DDR4-2133/1866 SO-DIMM sockets with a memory capacity of up to 64GB for providing high memory capacity and high rate data transfer speed. Designed specifically for system integrators who need a motherboard with extensive customization and flexibility, the IMB500 comes with rich expandability options including one PCIe x16 slot, two PCIe x4 slots, four PCI slots, one PCI Express Mini Card slot and one SIM slot. Furthermore, Axiomtek’s newest ATX embedded board features triple view display through its DisplayPort, HDMI and VGA interfaces. With these capabilities and features, the IMB500 is excellent for advanced communication, casino gaming, and industrial automation applications. “The IMB500, a multi-function ATX embedded motherboard for a wide array of applications, adopts the high performance 6th Generation Intel® Core™ processor with Intel® HD Graphics 530/510 for delivering high computing performance,” said Product Manager Ken Lin. “It’s designed to satisfy customers who need an industrial-grade motherboard with high computing power and graphical capabilities as well as a wide range of storage options, rich I/Os and expansion capabilities.” To fulfill different application needs, the highly reliable IMB500 is equipped with multiple high-speed I/O connectors including two RS-232/422/485 ports, four RS-232 ports, one PS/2 keyboard and mouse, four USB 3.0 ports, eight USB 2.0 ports, five SATA-600 with RAID 0/1/5/10, one mSATA, two Gigabit LAN ports, and eight channels digital I/O, HDMI, DisplayPort and VGA interfaces. To ensure reliable operation, the IMB500 supports watchdog timer and hardware monitoring features for temperature, voltage, fan speed and more. The IMB500 will be available in November. For more product information or pricing, please visit us.axiomtek.com or contact a sales representative at solutions@axiomtek.com. Main Features - High performance LGA1151 socket 6th Generation Intel® Core™ i7/i5/i3, Pentium® or Celeron® processors - Four DDR4-2133/1866 MHz SO-DIMM sockets max. up to 64GB - PCIe x4, PCIe x16, PCI Express Mini Card and SIM card slots supported - Five SATA-600 interfaces with RAID 0/1/5/10 supported and mSATA - Four USB 3.0 and eight USB 2.0 ports - DisplayPort, HDMI, VGA with triple view display supported About Axiomtek Co., Ltd Axiomtek Co., Ltd. established in 1990, is one of the world's leading designers/manufacturers of PC-based industrial computer products. From its roots as a turnkey systems integrator specializing in data acquisition and control systems, Axiomtek has mirrored the PC and IoT evolutions by shifting its focus toward the design and manufacture of PC-based industrial solutions and value-added services for different industries including, transportation, medical, industrial automation, power utilities and renewable energy, digital signage, network appliances, gaming, retail/POS/Kiosks. It has more than 60 distributor partners globally. Axiomtek offers industrial PCs, single board computers and system on modules, fanless and rugged embedded systems, intelligent transportation systems, EtherCAT Master Controllers, IoT gateway devices, touch panel computers, medical grade PCs, digital signage OPS players, industrial network and network appliances and casino gaming platforms. Axiomtek USA headquarters is located in City of Industry, Calif. Established in 1994, the subsidiary incorporates product integration and logistics as well as a wide range of service offerings including design assistance, technical support and return merchandise assistance. Axiomtek Systems in Methuen, MA, was formed in 2012 after its acquisition. It has added its high level of expertise on COTS integration and a variety of value-added services to Axiomtek USA’s comprehensive suite of capabilities. Axiomtek USA has become the premier value-added service provider for systems integration assistance and project management. As an associate member of the Intel® Internet of Things Solutions Alliance, Axiomtek continuously develops and delivers cutting edge solutions based on the latest Intel® platforms. Contact Information Axiomtek Larry Wu 1-888-GO-AXIOM Contact us.axiomtek.com Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from Axiomtek Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help

x This website uses cookies to improve your experience. Continue if you are OK with this or read more in our privacy policy.  Home About Contact Subscribe Login Home News Copyright Trademarks TBO Patents Jurisdiction Reports Directory Events Annual archive Subscribe Leaders Intel countersues McAfee over ‘McAfee’ trademark 24-10-2016 NorGal / Shutterstock.com More on this story McAfee antivirus creator fights for name against Intel 05-09-2016 Other related Amazon and former Navy SEAL file lawsuit against counterfeiters 15-11-2016 Federal Circuit answers Church’s prayers in Adidas TM suit 15-11-2016 Dickinson Wright adds member in Texas 15-11-2016 Technology company Intel has responded to a lawsuit brought by the creator of the McAfee antivirus software and has argued that he infringes its trademarks. To continue reading, you need a subscription to WIPR. Start a subscription to WIPR for £455. In-house feature articles, the archive and expert comment require a paid subscription. Subscribe now. Want to give it a try? We are offering a two week free trial to the WIPR website – register and select “Free Trial” to begin access to the full WIPR archive and read the latest news, features and expert comment. Begin your free trial here. Is your 2 week free trial about to end? Upgrade to a 12 month subscription for £455 now. If you have already subscribed please login. If you have any technical issues please email James Lynn on jlynn@newtonmedia.co.uk. Intel, John McAfee, trademark non-infringement, trademark, trademark dilution, trademark confusion, MGT, More on this story McAfee antivirus creator fights for name against Intel 05-09-2016 Editor's Picks Most read US presidential election: an IP roundup US presidential election: the IP politicians who have been re-elected Sweet and sour: Dunkin’ Donuts sued for trademark infringement Toblerone may need new IP strategy after weight loss E-books can be lent in same way as traditional books, says CJEU US company rips into H&M in copyright infringement suit Dr Seuss estate sues Star Trek writer over comic book Walt Disney Company sued for patent infringement Federal Circuit answers Church’s prayers in Adidas TM suit Slam dunk lawsuit? NBA company takes aim at counterfeits Sign up for the newsletter Newsletter Your email * Links Home News Directory About Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Use Terms of Subscription WIPR Newton Media Ltd Kingfisher House 21-23 Elmfield Road Bromley BR1 1LT United Kingdom Email: info@newtonmedia.co.uk Follow @WorldIPReview Tweets by @WorldIPReview
null

null
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals We Rely On Your Support: This site is primarily supported by advertisements. Ads are what have allowed this site to be maintained for the past 12 years. We do our best to ensure only clean, relevant ads are shown, when any nasty ads are detected, we work to remove them ASAP. If you would like to view the site without ads while still supporting our work, please consider our ad-free Phoronix Premium. You can also consider a tip via PayPal. Intel Sends In First Graphics Driver Changes For Linux 4.10 Written by Michael Larabel in Linux Kernel on 24 October 2016 at 07:02 AM EDT. 9 Comments We're only up to Linux 4.9-rc2 but as usual Daniel Vetter has already prepared a pull request of drm-intel-next to begin staging Intel kernel graphics/display driver changes for Linux 4.10. Among the work staged in this pull request for DRM-Next include support for the GVT device model, compression support for GPU error states, HDMI 2.0 support for Skylake / Broxton, updated DDI programming for Kabylake, reset improvements, watermark fixes, DisplayPort fixes, and a range of other work. The early GVT device model support is needed for para-virtualization support for Intel GPUs with Xen and KVM. There will still be more Intel i915 DRM pull requests expected for the Linux 4.10 merge window while this early pull can be found via the dri-devel list. 9 Comments Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Linux Kernel News Linux 4.9-rc5 Released, 4.9 On Track For Possible Release In Three Weeks ZTE ZX DRM Driver Proposed For Linux 4.10 Linux 4.9-rc4 Kernel Released Many AMDGPU & Other DRM Fixes Queued For Linux 4.9 Linux 4.9-rc3 Kernel Released With Various Fixes Con Kolivas Announces First Major Release Of MuQSS, Successor To BFS Popular News Fedora 25 Is Quite Possibly My Most Favorite Release Yet Project Darling Is Still Trying To Run macOS/OSX Software On Linux OpenGL vs. Vulkan With AMDGPU-PRO 16.40, Compared To NVIDIA On Linux A Number Of KDE Apps Will Be Dropped If They Don't Get Ported To KF5 OpenGL Overload: Implementing OpenGL Over Vulkan The Code To Intel's New Linux Wireless Daemon Is Now Public Latest Linux News GCC Compiler Finishes Nuking Java Support (GCJ) A Walkthrough Of Enlightenment's New Launcher "Luncher" Unity 8 & All Snaps-Based Ubuntu Still Expected For 18.04 LTS X.Org Server 1.19 Officially Released With A Year's Worth Of Improvements Unreal Engine 4.14 Ships With Better Vulkan Support KDE Frameworks 5.28 Brings Many KWayland Improvements, Relative Pointer Protocol Cryptsetup Vulnerability Allows Easily Getting To A Root Shell Intel SDK OpenCL 2016 R3 Brings OpenCL 2.1 & SPIR-V To Linux Raspberry Pi's Desktop Likely Switching To Compton For Better Performance A Very Basic Ubuntu Online Developer Summit Is Happening Now Latest Featured Articles AMDGPU+RadeonSI With Deus Ex: Mankind Divided, One Week Later Intel Kaby Lake HD Graphics 620 OpenGL/Vulkan Performance On Linux Intel Kaby Lake Linux Testing With MSI's Cubi 2 Mini PC Fresh OpenCL + CUDA 8.0 Benchmarks On Kepler/Maxwell/Pascal With NVIDIA 375.10 On Ubuntu Linux 13-Way NVIDIA GeForce + CUDA 8.0 + cuDNN Caffe Benchmarks Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip or Bitcoin. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2016 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
Home Industry Tech One Apple iPhone 7 is eight times slower than the other; here are ways to ensure you don’t buy the wrong one One Apple iPhone 7 is eight times slower than the other; here are ways to ensure you don’t buy the wrong one With the launch of the latest version of iPhone, Intel made its foray into the Apple brand. The iPhone 7 comes in two variants: the Intel modem version and the Qualcomm version, one of which is slower than the other. By: Sumit Chakraborty | Published: October 24, 2016 2:42 PM According to a recent study, it was found out that iPhone 7 which has the Intel version, is giving a much slower performance than the device equipped with Qualcomm’s model. (Source: Reuters) With the launch of the latest version of iPhone, Intel made its foray into the Apple brand. The iPhone 7 comes in two variants: the Intel modem version and the Qualcomm version. According to a recent study, it was found out that iPhone 7 which has the Intel version, is giving a much slower performance than the device equipped with Qualcomm’s model. According to the tests, data studies showed that the storage of the 32GB model was 200Mbps slower than the 128GB version of the iPhone 7. The 32GB variant showed around 40Mbps, whereas the 128GB model showed more than 300Mbps, which is around eight times faster. Some of the results showed the devices with the Intel chip scored somewhere between 30 and 75 percent poorer than the Qualcomm iPhone 7 Plus devices on the 4G network which means poorer reception and slower speeds which are probably a worse reception than the iPhone 6S. As it is, users generally blame network operators during signal drops on their smartphone devices or during slower data speeds, but according to these tests, at times it is not the fault of the network provider alone. While this is a shame for both Apple and Intel, none of them has commented so far on the findings. As for the users, they should be careful while buying the device; here is how to make sure, you choose the faster one: Check the Model Users need to check the Apple website for specifications. They have manufactured two variants of the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, according to Intel and Qualcomm models. Consumers should check at the back of the devices, for the model number. The Model A1660 and Model A1661 means that the devices have a Qualcomm modem. While, Model A1778 and Model A1784 are powered by an Intel modem. Check the network provider In many countries, especially in the US, network carriers also sell the iPhone devices. Modem makers and carriers generally work closely to achieve it. For example, Sprint and Verizon trade the Qualcomm-powered iPhone, while T-Mobile and AT&T do the Intel-equipped iPhone. Qualcomm has been a long time supporter of Apple, at least much longer than Intel so inevitably it has more to offer its customer in various ways. It remains to be seen, where does the new relationship between Apple and Intel go. Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now Afghan officials say suicide bomber kills 4 in Kabul Emma Watson starrer ‘Beauty and the Beast’ trailer sets new record in first 24 hrs Indian-Americans elected lawmakers for orientation programme Demonetisation: Twitter rages over use of indelible ink on exchange of Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes Microsoft teams up with Musk's $1 bn OpenAI project technology and in the news Sartaj Aziz to visit India, hints at easing of hostility Tajamul Islam: Eight year old Kashmiri girl-an inspiration to many Sushma Swaraj in AIIMS for kidney failure, wishes and prayers pour on Twitter Demonetisation effect: Kolkata man jailed for not giving alimony to wife in legal tender Demonetisation woes: Gaya temple offers free “pind daan” Life in the White House bubble? Donald Trump had practice  EDITOR’S PICKS MSDE to seek Cabinet nod to set up ITIs in 2,500 blocks Mastercard, Visa hail government's demonetisation move Infosys chief Narayana Murthy rues Americans failure to ink history through Hillary Clinton Thippagondanahalli tragedy: Missing actor Raghav Uday's body found Barack Obama campaigns for Hillary Clinton, for the last time as a President US Presidential Elections: Voters say they might leave America if 'lunatic, racist, anti-national' Donald Trump wins US presidential elections: Here's what will happen in Congress especially if Hillary Clinton wins Lady Gaga calls Melania Trump’s anti-bullying campaign ‘hypocrisy’ Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
Gadgets Software Hardware Mobile Phones Internet Apple Features Everything Else Search ADVERTISE SPONSORED POSTS ABOUT US PRIVACY CONTACT US Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. TechShout Gadgets Software Hardware Mobile Phones Internet Apple Features Everything Else Home Apple iPhone 7 units with Intel modems are slower than Qualcomm ones Apple iPhone 7 units with Intel modems are slower than Qualcomm ones By Bindu Nair - Oct 24, 2016 Apple introduced a lot of changes in its iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus lineup, with the handsets dual cameras and lack of a headphone jack taking up most of the attention. However, there was a much less noticeable transformation going on under the hood with the arrival of Intel modems for the very first time. Instead of outfitting all iPhone 7 models with Qualcomm wireless chips like it’s been doing for years, Apple decided to partner with Intel for some of them. The deal was regarded as a triumph for the latter given its relatively weak presence in the smartphone business. Unfortunately, a new report by Cellular Insights finds that the Qualcomm modem is much faster than the Intel one. The publication bought a number of iPhone 7 Plus units for testing and set up a rig to simulate real-world conditions, finding that the two performed well when there was a strong LTE signal. Also Read: 32GB iPhone 7 is 8x slower than 256GB model The division arose when the publication dropped the signal strength. Intel’s data speed supposedly became much slower and failed to keep up with Qualcomm’s rate. The results show a consistent 30% difference in terms of speed between the two across multiple bands. If the results are accurate, iPhone 7 owners with the slower Intel modems might have to deal with slower speeds in places with spotty coverage and weak signals. To figure out if you’re one of them, you’ll have to take a closer look at the small print on the back of your handset. If it says Model A1778 or A1784, you have an Intel-powered iPhone 7. If it says A1660 or A1661, then you’ve got yourself a Qualcomm-running one. Another dividing factor is the carrier you chose. Verizon, Sprint and SIM-unlocked units contain the latter, while T-Mobile, AT&T and Telstra pack the former. SOURCECellular Insights TAGS apple Intel iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus Qualcomm SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleSamsung Galaxy Note 7 owners to get Galaxy S8 for free Next articleGoogle Pixel XL harder to repair than iPhone 7 Plus Bindu Nair RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Apple to launch SOS button for iPhone in India iPhone 8 to sport 5.8-inch curved borderless display Apple to launch bezel-less 10.9-inch iPad 246,409FansLike 13,739FollowersFollow 12,898SubscribersSubscribe TRENDING All Alternatives Apple Cameras Download Features Gaming General Guide Hardware Home Entertainment Interesting Internet iPod News Laptops Mobile Phones Science Security Software Tablet Tech Reviews Telecom Wireless More Apple to launch SOS button for iPhone in India Bindu Nair - Nov 15, 2016 0 WhatsApp video calling goes official for Android, iOS, Windows Bindu Nair - Nov 15, 2016 0 Raising the Bar: High-Paying Tech Careers That Aren’t Going Anywhere Sohil Nikam - Nov 15, 2016 0 Load more ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT © TechShout.com 2016

International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Smartphones How to find out if your Apple iPhone 7 series has faster Qualcomm or slower Intel LTE Modem iPhone 7 series with Qualcomm modems outperformed those with Intel by 30 percent in performance in terms of network connectivity. Rohit KVN   October 24, 2016 10:19 IST 1 Shares 1 Shares [Representational Image] Does your Apple device have Intel or Qualcomm modem? Here’s how to find out. In Picture:Apple iPhone 7Reuters Last year, we witnessed the iPhone 6S series chipgate fiasco. Now in 2016, Apple has landed in another controversy with regard to the use of modems in iPhone 7 series. In 2015, Apple, in a bid to speed up the production of the iPhone 6S series, sourced A9 CPU units from TSMC (Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company) and Samsung. But soon after the launch, it came to light that the devices having processor chips from TSMC gave 2-3 hours more battery life than the one manufactured by the South Korean partner, resulting in public outcry. Why advertise with us? Related Apple tipped to launch new line MacBook Pro next week Apple releases iOS 10.0.3 update to iPhone 7 series to fix cellular connectivity bug Read more:Apple iPhone 6S series Chipgate: Does your device have TSMC or Samsung made A9 CPU? Here's how to find out This time, the controversy is related to the LTE speed. Popular consumer technology site Cellular Insights conducted benchmark tests on LTE connectivity on the iPhone 7 series, revealing that Apple had used two modems, one made by Intel and another by Qualcomm in the new handsets, depending on the type of network carrier (for locked phones) and region of sale. What has startled many is that the iPhone 7 series with Qualcomm modems outperformed Intel modems by 30 percent in overall performance in terms of network connectivity. People who have already bought the new iPhone 7 series with Intel modem cannot be helped as there is no workaround to increase network connectivity speed unless they exchange or buy a new one with Qualcomm modem. Here's how to identify the iPhone 7 series with Intel modem: Apple fans who are planning to buy the new iPhone 7 series can check whether the device has Qualcomm or Intel modem inside, based on the model ID printed at the back of the device or the pack. Apple iPhone 7 series with Model ID: A1660 and the 7 Plus with Model ID: A1661 come with Qualcomm modem. Apple iPhone 7 series with Model ID Model A1778 and the 7 Plus with Model ID: A1784 feature Intel modem. Users can also look inside the iPhone 7 series to find the model ID, by going to the Settings options>> General >> About >> scroll down and tap on Legal >> Regulatory >> model number: In the United States: Those planning to buy the new Apple iPhone 7 series via carrier networks with contracts should keep in mind that Verizon and Sprint sell the Qualcomm-based iPhone, while AT&T and T-Mobile sell Intel-based handset. As far as unlocked iPhone 7 and the 7 Plus units are concerned, they come with Qualcomm modem. This applies to all regions of the world, including India. Also read Samsung rolls out Android Marshmallow update to Galaxy S5 mini Xiaomi Mi Note 2 round-up: Expected price, key features and release details Quick Links Apple IPhone 7 Post Comment IBT TV Close Russia: Police detain robot for attending political rally Why advertise with us? Latest News Mafia 3: Lincoln Clay DLC and more now live across Xbox One, PS4 and PC platforms 11 minutes ago By Rahul R Lenovo overtakes Micromax as second biggest smartphone-maker: IDC 46 minutes ago By Rohit KVN Editor's Pick Soon, Google Toilet Locator to help you find loos across India! REVEALED! Britain officially has no clue what to do after Brexit Why advertise with us? most popular OnePlus 3T round-up: What we know so far The upcoming OnePlus 3T is expected to come with several upgrades in terms of processor, camera and more, over the original OnePlus 3 model. Battlefield 1 Fall Update now limiting multiplayer gameplay temporarily You will not be able to play Multiplayer mode for an hour when the Battlefield 1 Fall Update is deployed. AdultFriendFinder hacked: 412M users' account details dumped online Most of the passwords were stored in plain text. Update HTC One (M8) with Android Nougat via CyanogenMod [unofficial] CM 14.1 custom ROM Here's a tutorial on how to install Android Nougat-based CyanogenMod custom ROM on HTC One (M8). Steps to install Android Nougat-based CyanogenMod CM 14.1 ROM on LG G4 Here's a tutorial on how to install CyanogenMod CM 14.1 Android Nougat custom ROM on LG G4 Mafia 4 could feature multiplayer and more upon release If you think about multiplayer and more save slots in Mafia 4, you are on the right track. Black Friday 2016 date announced: Microsoft Surface Pro, Oculus Rift, Xbox One and more on sale Microsoft's Black Friday sale goes hand in hand with Best Buy, Office Depot and others. Xiaomi's affordable 3D printer will bring new tech to the masses Xiaomi's 3D printer might send waves of interest to other tech companies. Photo Gallery Pawan Kalyan, Trivikram Srinivas, Nithiin new movie pooja Photos of Pawan Kalyan, Trivikram Srinivas, Nithiin new movie pooja. Purab Kohli celebrates Children's Day 2016 Photos of Purab Kohli celebrates Children's Day 2016. Home India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Health Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
null
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video YANG: coming soon to a router near you IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH YANG: coming soon to a router near you Satya Nadella hits Sydney and channels Steve O'Ballmer from eight years ago Is that your television? Or a zero client running a virtual desktop? SpectraLogic SLACSS off to speed HPC archiving Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Gone in 70 seconds: Linux can be owned by holding Enter key If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets Twitter rolls out troll controls DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed More like this Diversity Brian Krzanich Business That time Brian Krzanich had dinner with Elon Musk, Marc Benioff, David Blaine and Lars from Metallica Intel CEO talks teamwork, not reading books and white privilege 25 Oct 2016 at 21:39, Kieren McCarthy Kieren McCarthy Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Security , Iana, Icann, Fcc, Google Recent Articles Samsung ties Thread into two new IoT Artik chips Benioff on being hacked: We're looking into some next-gen fax machines That time Brian Krzanich had dinner with Elon Musk, Marc Benioff, David Blaine and Lars from Metallica Intel CEO Brian Krzanich doesn't read books. "I don't read. I don't read books. I don't have time," said BK – as everyone at the chip company calls him – on the second day of the Intel Capital Global Summit. "The last book I read was on the technology of welding; I decided one day I would teach myself how to weld." That statement is seemingly at odds with what two of BK's board members – former eBay CEO John Donahoe and former PeopleSoft VP Aneel Bhusri – said of Krzanich the day before on stage. The quality that they said ultimately gave Krzanich the CEO job in 2013 – after more than 30 years working at the company – was the fact he was a "learning machine." If there was one persistent theme about learning during Krzanich's keynote it was that he does it from listening to others' viewpoints – and tries to impose the same approach on others. "I've fired more people for not being able to work in a team than for being dumb," he revealed. "Team skills are more important than most other skills." He also listed "being humble enough to say you don't know it all" and "being willing to accept feedback and improve" as the two biggest lessons he'd learned from his time at Intel. Another example of learning: diversity. Last year, Krzanich made headlines when he announced an aggressive diversity program at Intel – a program that he admits he unwisely omitted to tell his board he was launching. As opposed to the rest of Silicon Valley – which makes promises to increase the number of women and people of color in their ranks every year and then 12 months' later makes excuses for why they failed again to do so – Intel has taken the task seriously and not only promises to spend money on the issue, but also tied in exec bonuses to meeting diversity targets – targets that have largely been met. Krzanich said three things led him to decide to take diversity seriously: He decided that as CEO he "should try to do something that's meaningful" and had noticed that despite a seemingly constant effort, the diversity figures were not improving. He spoke of his two daughters, who have technical interests, and how he wanted to "make the industry a little bit better for them; give them an equal chance." He gave an example of where having a diverse team can lead to better products and escape "group-think." He described a whole group of male engineers focused on how to improve some plugin who were at a complete loss until a woman on the team came in and simply suggested they use a bowl – she uses a bowl to put her jewelry in every night. The answer was obvious and staring them in the face, but they all came from the same mindset and so didn't see it. Role of tech Related to that, Krzanich argued that diversity of views is going to be increasingly important, particularly with technology playing a greater role in people's lives. "You can definitely put biases into these systems," he noted when asked about the potential downside to a world where your devices know where and who you are at all times. "Everyone has a bias, so we need enough people's biases to rule them out. As an industry we have to police ourselves, or we'll be policed." The drive for greater diversity did raise some "ugly" issues however, he noted, top of which was "white male employees who were wondering: what about me? Will I no longer get a promotion? Will my son, just because he's white, not be able to get a job?" Krzanich noted that these questions – which he called a "backlash" – had come up a few times at open staff meetings that he presides over and his response was that there was "enough room and space for everyone." "I would say, 'look, we are hiring 5,000 people this year – even if 2,000 of them go to women and people of color, there are still literally thousands of other jobs; we're not cutting anyone out'." The future Krzanich still feels that Moore's Law is driving change. Where we had the PC 30 years ago and the mobile phone 10-15 years ago, he feels we are on the cusp of a new "set of transitions" thanks to changes coming from opposite ends of the technology spectrum. At one end are the machines. Or more exactly machine learning – "what the press likes to call artificial intelligence" – where machines are able to recognize and interpret the world around them and provide meaningful responses to simple requests on the back of huge amounts of analyzed data. And at the other end is artificial and augmented reality, where the amount of computing that can take place in your end device – your headset or glass – "is going to be phenomenal." Taken together, "you'll be able to look down the street and see a list of businesses, or you'll ask 'where's my car?' and an arrow will point you toward it." He also sees a "huge opportunity" in people creating content for new devices – everything from giving you the sensation of being courtside at a big game, to learning about the Pyramids by visiting them virtually, rather than reading about them in, yes, a book. Intel is going to be known as "the experience company," Krzanich argued, reflecting the chip company's rebranding efforts to become hip, new and relevant to a new generation of consumers. As experiences go however, perhaps Krzanich's most intriguing one happened in the real world. Asked about other tech folk he admired, he listed, among others, Salesforce CEO Marc Benioff. "He is the most eclectic person I can think of," he noted. "I've actually been for dinner at his house and along with him, Elon Musk and myself, he had invited Lars from Metallica and David Blaine the magician. And I thought 'well this is going to be a wild ride,' and it was." How wild a ride, unfortunately, he would not divulge. Although it's safe to say that is the sort of dinner that people would be happy to experience through Intel-funded tech. ® Sponsored: 10 Reasons LinuxONE is the best choice for Linux workloads Tips and corrections 6 Comments More from The Register Intel's latest diversity report shows numbers at a standstill No progress on Operation De-pale-and-male since 2014 24 Comments Microsoft's equality and diversity: Skimpy schoolgirls dancing for nerds at an Xbox party Console boss apologizes amid PR disaster 231 Comments Girls! Girls! Girls! Intel brags about diversity push, Silicon Valley tells itself it's doing great Gender equality report raises issues, asks questions 38 Comments Thought Apple was kidding about diversity? Here's 50 MEEELLION reasons you're wrong Big bucks to make Silicon Valley less white, civilian, and male 17 Comments Intel President Renée James says Chipzilla's diversity efforts are moving too slowly Calls for industry to get better at offering family-friendly workplaces 3 Comments Intel workforce diversity report throws up a bunch of 'unknowns' Chipzilla continues its efforts to diversify its mostly pale, male staff 16 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile The need for comprehensive email security is greater than ever Email continues to be the most common attack vector by which networks are compromised and malware spread. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Spotlight The sharks of AI will attack expensive and scarce workers faster than they eat drivers Testing times: Between some IoT code and a hard place CIOs: VDI? Maybe, just maybe, it really will be different this time... Power to the (outsourced) people – globalisation starts small Brexit judgment could be hit for six by those crazy Supreme Court judges, says barrister Broadcom would certainly be broader with Brocade on board Lessons from the Mini: Before revamping or rebooting anything, please read this Hardware ain't hard, money is: Crowdfunding, bootstraps and startups Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     Innovation   /   Intel Capital Invests $38 Million in 12 Promising Startups       Intel Capital Invests $38 Million in 12 Promising Startups     By Chris Preimesberger  |  Posted 2016-10-25 Print               Companies joining ICap's portfolio have come up with impressive IoT, video, vision and driverless vehicle solutions that we will be seeing in the future. SAN DIEGO—As IT-plus-money conferences go, the Intel Capital Global Summit here at the waterfront Manchester Grand Hyatt is an A-lister, for sure. Nearly 1,000 business and tech executives are spending a few days in the autumn sun to mingle, talk about business and the World Series, and hear respected thought speakers such as author and former NBA all-star Sen. Bill Bradley, Salesforce founder and CEO Marc Benioff, Intel CEO Brian Krzanich, PayPal Chairman John Donohoe, Workday CEO Aneel Bhusri and Verizon CEO Lowell McAdam. Intel Capital, a global investment organization, itself made news Oct. 24 when it announced new investments totaling more than $38 million for 12 promising startups. The companies joining ICap's portfolio have come up with internet of things (IoT) solutions for seniors and disabled individuals, advanced audio for 360-degree virtual reality systems, and human-like vision systems for connected cars, among other products. Following are details on Intel Capital's new investments in 12 pioneering startups: Autonomous Machines Chronocam (Paris) develops innovative computer vision sensors and systems for a variety of applications in autonomous navigation and connected objects. Formed by the leading pioneers in the field of neuromorphic vision, the company wants to establish a new computer vision standard by unlocking a paradigm shift in vision sensing and processing inspired by the human eye. Embodied (Pasadena, Calif.), co-founded by Paolo Pirjanian, the former CTO of iRobot, maker of Roomba, and a world-renowned professor of robotics and neuroscience from the University of Southern California, is developing state-of-the-art products that aim to revolutionize robotics. Using major recent advances in machine perception, cognition and learning, its systems develop affordable personal robots that improve human wellness and quality of life. Perrone Robotics (Charlottesville, Va.) provides software and solutions that make it easier to build robust mobile autonomous robotics applications. Its technology helps researchers and engineers develop partial and fully autonomous vehicle and robotics applications. Data and Connectivity Eazytec1 (Jiangsu, China) is a smart city developer and service provider with proprietary core firmware (BIOS) technology. Its headquarters and research park, located in Yixing City, Jiangsu Province, have been identified as a national science and technology business incubator in China. The company specializes in application software and firmware development, system integration, and data center services. Grand Chip Microelectronics (aka Kangxi Communication Technologies; Shanghai, China) is committed to delivering high-performance, high-linearity and highly integrated WiFi front-end devices for WLAN infrastructure, wireless connectivity on cellular platforms and the internet of things. Paxata (Redwood City, Calif.) is an enterprise-grade, self-service business information platform that serves the needs of both the business consumer and IT. With Paxata, business analysts, data engineers and data scientists are able to instantaneously transform raw data to information ready-for-business analysis with accuracy and efficiency. There is no need for code or sampling because Paxata uses a patent-pending, machine learning, natural-language processing and semantic text algorithm built on a distributed, in-memory columnar pipeline architecture for massive scale. StealthMine (Sunnyvale, Calif.) enables enterprise applications to run on encrypted data. The technology provides full data insulation against server, network, storage and database attacks and insider compromises. Sports and Health CubeWorks (Ann Harbor, Mich.) delivers the next generation in millimeter-scale computing with its Cubisens platform, which enables the first truly autonomous wireless sensing platform measuring less than a millimeter. Cubisens systems are able to sense and process their environment, wirelessly transmit the results or store them for later usage. Kinduct (Halifax, Canada) provides cloud-based data and analytics software for sports organizations, military and public safety units, physical medicine clinics, and health and wellness institutions. With a client list that includes teams in all five major sports leagues in North America, the Kinduct platform is changing the way information shapes human performance by allowing organizations to derive insights from multiple sources of data. K4Connect (Raleigh, N.C.) creates solutions that serve older adults and individuals living with disabilities by integrating the latest smart technologies and applications into a single responsive system. Its first solution, K4Community, is specifically designed for residents of senior living communities, creating smarter and healthier living environments, as well as fostering family and community engagement, while also providing the operators with the insights and analytics needed to offer world-class care and hospitality. Virtual Reality Dysonics (San Francisco) leverages more than 20 years of academic research to deliver patented technologies that yield lifelike 360-degree sound experiences over headphones. Dysonics creates immersive audio software and hardware products for capture, creation and playback of next-generation content including virtual reality. InContext Solutions (Chicago) develops scalable, cloud-based virtual reality solutions for retail that provide important insights for manufacturers and retailers. The company's enterprise SaaS VR platform and services help brands more efficiently and profitably visualize new concepts and better understand shopper behavior in a rapidly evolving retail space. A number of these investments were made under the auspices of Intel Capital's new sports and health focus, which uses a cross-disciplinary approach that spans multiple investing teams. The new concentration reflects recent comments by Intel CEO Krzanich that "digitization is the biggest change in sports in decades. With Intel's high-performance computing power, every aspect of sports and wellness can now be captured as a piece of data, measured and broadcast nearly in real time—fueling the continued buildout of the cloud." In addition, Brooks announced the formation of the new Intel Sports Group, which will develop partnerships with major sports leagues to use Intel technologies to create new immersive experiences for fans. Brooks will oversee the business unit. This year's Global Summit also demonstrated a group of new products from existing Intel Capital portfolio companies. They include: --Altia Systems, creator of the PanaCast camera system, which demonstrated the PanaCast 3D Virtual Reality kit, which produces 4K 3D videos with real-time, in-device stitching; --Braigo Labs, founded by Shubham Banerjee, one of the world's youngest entrepreneurs, which demonstrated a new iOS smartphone app for the visually impaired that features image recognition-to-text capabilities and converts text to speech; --Keyssa, which showed a high-speed contactless connectivity solution for the two-in-one detachable market segment. It delivers the high-speed I/O of a PC while preserving an ultra-thin form factor; and --NetSpeed Systems, which demonstrated a machine learning-based interconnect platform for streamlining system-on-chip (SoC) architectures and designs. Additionally, NetSpeed Systems CEO Sundari Mitra announced the completion of a $10 million Series C investment round led by Intel Capital.         Chris Preimesberger is Editor of Features and Analysis at eWEEK. Twitter: @editingwhiz. Join us Nov. 9 for our next #eWEEKchat: "Trends in New-Gen Mobility and Mobile Devices."   LATEST INNOVATION ARTICLES   Facebook CTO Explains AI's Role in Long-Term Roadmap Google Acquires Virtual Reality Technology Firm Eyefluence Intel Capital Invests $38 Million in 12 Promising Startups eWEEKChat Oct. 12: Why DevOps/Agile Development Is IT's Future IBM's Weather Company Launches Cold and Flu App Tracker                 Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend         News and Reviews Slideshows IBM Aims Watson at Embodied Cognition Microsoft Advances 'Any Developer, Any App, Any Platform' Strategy Google Will Tag Frequent Violators of Its Site Safety Standards Intel Lights Up the Sky With New Shooting Star Drone Old School Polling Methods Hid Trump's Popularity With Voters 10 Reasons Not to Buy the Apple MacBo... Apple is scheduled to release the MacBook Pro with Touch Bar mid-No... Watch Now                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
Home Veterans Resources VA Benefits Jobs for Veterans Jobs News for Veterans VA Home Loans Short Term Personal Loans Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB) Medical & Health Forum RSS Feed Email Newsletter Sign-Up Download VT Apps VT APP (Android) VT App (Iphone) VT Radio App (Android) VT Radio App (Iphone) VT Radio & TV Channels YouTube ITunes Sound Cloud Android Devices Social Networks Facebook Google + Twitter Help Desk Submit Support Ticket Vladimir Putin We have one Fatherland, one people and a common future Home Health Agent Orange Coping Gulf War Illness (GWI) Medical Disability Benefits PTSD Investigations 9/11 Holocaust JFK Assassination Paris Attacks 2015 Sandy Hook Life Art, Books, & Entertainment Economy & Business Education Environment Food, Wine & Travel History Civil War (1861-1865) Cold War (1947-1991) Gulf War (1990-1991) Iraq War (2003-2011) Korean War (1950-1953) Libyan Civil War (2011-2014) Vietnam War (1955-1975) World War I (1914-1918) World War II (1939-1945) Humor Of Interest Peace, Causes & Activism Personal Finance Religion Media Military Heroes Support the Troops Politics Civil Liberties and Freedom Corruption Election 2016 Foreign Policy Government Legislation Veterans Benefits Regional Top 10 VA Home Loans Veteran Service Organizations Veterans Affairs WarZone Afghanistan War Drug War New World Order War Ukraine Wars War in Syria World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East Russia Custom Weapons Download Apps VT Polls Career Center VT Books Contact Editorial Board-Staff Comment Policy Write for VT About Us Advertise Legal Notice Search A Nation of Utter and Complete Morons Actually Believes Black-Box “Election Results” Exclusive: The US is up for uneasy times US Media Reports of anti-Trump protests are unreliable at best Restaurant denies free Veterans Day meal to black veteran after man in Trump shirt accuses him of lying Vladimir Putin to Donald Trump: Did you get my beautiful letter? Obama, Clinton, helpless at Russian election grab Too Little Too Late for Merkel: Germany Begins Roundup of Erdogan Terror Cells Obama tours Europe to soothe fears over Trump’s stance on NATO, TTIP deal ‹ › Jim W. Dean is managing editor of Veterans Today wearing many hats from day to day operations, development, writing and editing articles. He has an active schedule of TV and radio interviews He is co-host of the popular VT Radio show Jim and Gordie Show. Jim comes from an old military family dating back to the American Revolution. Dozens of Confederate ancestors fought for the South in the War Between the States. Uncles fought in WWII and Korea. His father was a WWII P-40 and later P-51 Mustang fighter pilot. Vietnam found several uncles serving, a cousin, and brother Wendell as a young Ranger officer. His mother was a WWII widow at 16, her first husband killed with all 580 aboard when the SS Paul Hamilton, an ammunition ship with 7000 tons of explosives aboard, was torpedoed off the coast of Algiers. He has been writing, speaking and doing public relations, television, consulting and now multimedia work for a variety of American heritage, historical, military, veterans and Intel platforms. Jim's only film appearance was in the PBS Looking for Lincoln documentary with Prof. Henry Lewis Gates, and he has guest lectured at the Army Command and General Staff School at Fort Gordon. Currently he is working to take his extensive historical video archives on line to assist his affiliated organizations with their website multimedia efforts, such as the Military Order of World Wars, Atlanta, Sons of the American Revolution, Sons of Confederate Veterans , Assoc. for Intelligence Officers, the Navy League, Georgia Heritage Council, National Memorial Assoc.of Georgia. View Latest Posts >>> Motorola is Dead but Donbass lives on By Jim W. Dean, Managing Editor on October 25, 2016 by Jim W. Dean, … with New Eastern Outlook, Moscow We few, we happy few, we band of brothers; For he to-day that sheds his blood with me Shall be my brother ~ William Shakespeare, Henry V __________ Dick Winters was unknown until the movie. There are many more unknowns, too many to count. [ Editor’s Note: I knew Motorola would be trashed in the media as follow on to the assassination plot — the CIA and Kiev wanting to paint a picture of itself just “killing terrorists to make the world safer”. But that does not include any court-martials of their own troops, or especially the neo-Nazi groups. The story of Pavlov executing 15 prisoners was on a phone interview tape, where even the Telegraph reporter referred to it as “purportedly” being a call with Motorola. Such calls are mere child’s play to invent by national Intel organizations as an ABC-level psyop. Such propaganda was done all the time during the Cold War era. The analogy with Lt. Dick Winters, (who ended up as a Major) of Band of Brothers did not come to me until I found some tributes from Motorola’s men about his bravery under fire, and his leading from the front, particularly his famous charge in the movie. There was nothing in Pavlov’s background that showed any hint of this level of leadership. Intense combat is a hot fire and anvil that forges leaders out of raw material. So I thought I would cover Motorola’s back, as he certainly earned it, and VT readers all know who the aggressors and bad guys have been in the Ukraine and Donbass war. This is our present to them… JD ] ____________ – First published  …  October 24, 2016 – Arseniy Pavlov The old saying of “three strikes and you’re out” came true for the beloved Donbass commander, Motorola, known as Arseniy Pavlov. He was one of the many Russian veterans who went to fight in East Ukraine in response to the threats from Ukraine’s Rada that they were going to slaughter the Russians there. In case anyone missed it, even the ladies got in on the mass killing hysteria, starting with Yulia Tymoshenko who wanted to nuke Donbass and then go on to nuke the Russians. Her phone call was intercepted and quickly found its way into Internet legend. There had already been two attempts on Motorola’s life this year, one on June 24th at a hospital he was scheduled to visit for an injury, when a car bomb went off with bad timing and missed him, and another attempt in August behind his apartment building. Veterans Today has seen similar cases with our own people over the years; situations we refer to as people not having mastered the art of knowing when to leave town, which is a necessary survival skill when you are in the field. Younger people tend to fall victim to this, and often the bravest. Donetsk shows solidarity with Russia Whoever killed him probably could not believe their luck in his not moving to a safer place, and focused their efforts at getting him cornered inside his building somehow, where the most vulnerable place is in the elevator. They placed a bomb on the easily accessible ceiling and detonated it remotely. Motorola and his bodyguard, whose name was not published, were killed instantly, their body armor and weapons being of no use to them. This is the kind of assassination that Special Ops people are trained to do, but we have seen no solid investigative evidence as to who did it yet. The head of the Donetsk Republic, Alexander Zakharchenko claimed he knew who the killer was, a Latvian who had infiltrated the militia, named Ozolinysh. But the photo posted of him on a Twitter report turned out to be that of an unfortunate Russian attorney named Maxim Capes, whose image was lifted from an old social media account. This has the fingerprint of a major intelligence agency creating disinformation, dead-end trails to follow. But with no official published material from Donetsk yet, that leaves us with only the media spinmeisters to look at for clues. Professional high profile killings like this, that are done by national agencies, will often have a prepared post-killing media campaign to help cover their tracks. This can be a breadcrumb trail to follow back to the organizers, if you know what to look for. I went for the low-hanging fruit in Kiev first, and found their media trying to lay suspicion onto Moscow for wanting to eliminate hard-to-control combat leaders. The obvious aim with that ploy was to sow dissension between the Donbass military and Russian veterans serving in their ranks. In a stalemated but simmering conflict like this, undermining your opponent’s morale with psychological operations would be a high priority task. And Lugansk military commanders have been getting killed as part of that leadership decapitation program, with Kiev and its foreign helpers being everyone’s primary suspects. 2014 – Korsun – Eight buses of Crimeans returning from anti-Maidan protest in Kiev were stopped, beaten, tortured and some murdered The CIA has worked to prop up the semi-idiots in Ukrainian Intel, using their long Cold War history of divide and conquer tactics like this. But “the Russians did it” is really getting overused by the lazy Ukies, and the NATO crowd, also. When the CIA is involved, you will always find their fingerprints of having major medial platforms publishing “talking point” stories to avoid having the real killers making the suspect list. My next stop was the British media, which are a formal extension of British Intelligence and really don’t work hard to hide it. I’ll start with the Guardian, compliments of the young Shaun Walker in Moscow, who picked up on the evolution of the “pro-Russian” tag, to its newer improved “Warlord” model, a silly use of the term for grassroots patriotic fighters. The use of the Warlord term was an obvious spin smear, something a “journalist” would receive in his article talking points of requested terms to be used; the one other media will use for the echo chamber effect it has on readers when they hear and see the derogatory term used repeatedly, as was done with the Euromaidan Press article, a rabidly anti-Russian NGO site with a whiff of an Intel front to it. Shaun Walker double dipped on his “lord” terminology, using it to frame Russia as the Donbass “overlords”, complete with its negative connotations. But I would bet he has never referred to Ukraine and its US, EU, or NATO “overlords”, despite their backing a violent coup which has destroyed the country. Reflecting the American political divide, do US Senators work their own agenda against Russia? The CIA thread throughout these spinmeister reports was the repetition of Moscow’s cleaning up some unruly mercenaries who had grown too independent, or might be indicted for war crimes, but without any framing of how many Ukies would be found in the dock with them. Next we have Jack Losh of the Telegraph, He not only uses the Warlord term, but another one, describing Motorola as a Russian-born “mercenary”, and worse, a former “blue collar worker”. Heaven forbid that a blue collar worker would actually take up arms to protect his people. Arseniy Pavlov And with no sourcing whatsoever, Losh gives us some reinforcement for the possible Moscow involvement in the killing. “While rebel leaders blamed Sunday’s bombing on a Ukrainian sabotage group, Pavlov’s slick murder bears all the hallmarks of an inside job, possibly with the involvement of Russian special forces.” Describing a terror bombing assassination in an apartment building as “slick” is not a term that a real journalist would use. Losh closes with a obviously biased source, the former Ukrainian head of foreign intelligence, who claims that Motorola was having disputes with other commanders, and repeating the speculation of Moscow approval of the killing. This is all the breadcrumb trail I had alluded to earlier… but it’s in spades. Russell “Tex” Bentley, who knew Motorola well and lived 500 meters from him, had the best balanced report; saying that, with the two previous attacks, if Motorola had felt the Donetsk leadership had been involved, he would have gotten out of town first. And if the Sparta brigade had thought competing leadership was involved, they would have protested in the streets, which they did not. The war is still going on in Donbass, with constant ceasefire violations that could flare into major fighting at any time. To think that the Donbass leaders or Russians would be killing off their most experienced and successful commanders is, of course, just ludicrous. Politicians are vastly more replaceable than proven military commanders. Motorola was one of those, on the level of the famous Lt. Dick Winter of WWII fame, who was discovered in the special TV series Band of Brothers, which is still all over YouTube. The rank-and-file soldiers of both these men would have followed them to hell and back. Both were described as being able to size up a tactical combat situation almost instantly, then lead from the front, and be fearless under fire. What I see going on here is the slow and steady elimination of the Donbass Republic’s most capable commanders as part of the current attrition war, with Western intelligence involved in the media spin to justify the continuation of the Russian sanctions and to take attention off the huge crimes by the Ukrainian coupmeisters and their Western backers. This is a fairly black and white, good and evil situation here. No experts are required to read the tea leaves for us, as it is a matter of simple observation. The people of Donbass, with help from their Russian friends, have defeated the realization of the US-NATO takeover of Ukraine. Jim W. Dean, managing editor for Veterans Today, producer/host of Heritage TV Atlanta, specially for the online magazine “New Eastern Outlook”. _____________ Related Posts: “We need to talk”… Stoltenberg says NATO seeking Russia meeting Alla Pierce – ‘Motorola’ was the Donbass Dick Winters in Band of Brothers NEO – Russia’s Red Lines: How Far will NATO go? NEO – Joining NATO: Ukraine a Warning to Others Alexey Mozgovoy’s Chief Legacy: The Pechersk Battalion The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VT, VT authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians, or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. LEGAL NOTICE - COMMENT POLICY Posted by Jim W. Dean, Managing Editor on October 25, 2016, With 2398 Reads Filed under World. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0. You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. FaceBook Comments 4 Responses to "Motorola is Dead but Donbass lives on" ayelyahbenjamin  October 27, 2016 at 3:53 pm Arsenly Pavlov lives on….while they may rejoice they have killed the body, they are powerless against the rest, utterly and completely powerless Log in to Reply Laura Green  October 26, 2016 at 11:57 am Thank you, Mr. Dean. A very good article about heroic Russian people of East Ukraine who stand against Nazi Ukraine . Motorola was 33 y. old , and has 2 kids : a girl 1y. old , and a son 2 weeks. A real hero. Log in to Reply Garry Compton  October 26, 2016 at 2:21 am Nice Article Jim Dean – I hope the East Ukraine folks get to see that there are some decent honorable men writing the truth about their war-torn world and the Heroes that deserve a ” Final Tribute”. The Russian men and women serve their country and their People with the utmost respect and allegiance. Spacibo Bolshoy Log in to Reply yamgourchi  October 25, 2016 at 10:43 pm Thanks for an artcle and to its author.Not in vain Motorolla’s detauchment was called “storming batallion”.He and his men deserved it after being in most hottest places of such crazy war(Slavyansk,Airport of Donetsk etc).We,ordinary volunteers,from Russia and Donbass natives,admired their skill and bravity.And sitting in frontline trenches envied them having such a commander.More than half of Donbass territory is now under ukro-nazy occupation.But the remaining part could stand fast because of having such men as Motorolla.Being there in 2015 I saw ruined villages,destroyed factories,burned schools and kindergartens,churches with deadmarks of bombardings.Fresh rows of civillian gravesOSCE mission never came to see or fix it.They only slandered misinformation..I dont care about 15 “warprisoners”.I doubt about them,but if they existed,I’m sure they were WarCRIMINALS,rapers,maraudeurs and murderers ought to be executed.They were bloody agressors and invaders,against whom Motorolla fought untill his death. Log in to Reply You must be logged in to post a comment Login WHAT'S HOT Latest Top 10 Comments A Nation of Utter and Complete Morons Actually Believes Black-Box “Election Results” Exclusive: The US is up for uneasy times US Media Reports of anti-Trump protests are unreliable at best Restaurant denies free Veterans Day meal to black veteran after man in Trump shirt accuses him of lying Vladimir Putin to Donald Trump: Did you get my beautiful letter? Obama, Clinton, helpless at Russian election grab Too Little Too Late for Merkel: Germany Begins Roundup of Erdogan Terror Cells Obama tours Europe to soothe fears over Trump’s stance on NATO, TTIP deal Balochistan Blasts and the Issue of Pak-Afghan Border Syrian War Report – November 15, 2016: 500 Militants Were Killed in Clashes in Western Aleppo PART III: Neoconizing the Just War Doctrine in the service of American empire Empowering Veterans – Rebuilding the American Nation Army Special Forces soldiers killed in Jordan were working for the CIA SouthFront: Turkey Seizing More Syrian Territory while Russian Fleet Readies for Attack 1.8 Million Votes Behind, Trump Goes Neocon while voters stats suggesting “hack” are suppressed Israeli ministers okay draft bill to legalize Jewish settlements on private Palestinian land Iran Ready for Joint Military Drills with China Trump Asks to Postpone Fraud Trial until after His Inauguration Most Americans Go to Polls in History But Voting at Lowest Level Since 1996? Today in Trumpland, Life on the other side of the mirror Australian 60 Minutes exposed the Worldwide Satanic Pedophile Network (78621) Breaking/Exclusive: The New 9/11, Information In, Israel Rigs an Election (updating) (23412) Time to take down the flag as most Americans surrender to a foreign backed coup (15732) Yes, the election WAS stolen – so who “sent” Trump? (15221) We “conspiracy theorists” won – so why aren’t I celebrating? (13480) Trump is the Anti-Obama, Just Like Obama Was the Anti-Bush (But It’s All a Con Game) (10945) Disclosure: Hillary Campaign Knew Trump Aided by Intel Agencies (9176) 1933: Trump Elected Chancellor (9171) Why the Red Poppy Holds Valuable Symbolism for War Veterans (8498) Will the Powers That Be assassinate Donald Trump? (8217) Worker Bee: A Nation of Utter and Complete Morons Actually Believes Black-Box “Election Results” Simpsons Donkey: A Nation of Utter and Complete Morons Actually Believes Black-Box “Election Results” James Robertson: A Nation of Utter and Complete Morons Actually Believes Black-Box “Election Results” George Bowling: Australian 60 Minutes exposed the Worldwide Satanic Pedophile Network Dr. Abu-Bakr Susta: Vladimir Putin to Donald Trump: Did you get my beautiful letter? Dr. Abu-Bakr Susta: Vladimir Putin to Donald Trump: Did you get my beautiful letter? Dr. Abu-Bakr Susta: Obama, Clinton, helpless at Russian election grab LC: Exclusive: The US is up for uneasy times JS: Election Wrapup LC: Making America Great Means Ending the War on Islam and the People of Afghanistan VT Readers Poll Should USA break up into (2) separate countries, one Whites Only and other Everyone Else? Yes No Not Sure View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive Featured Columnists Allen L Roland, PhD Bob Nichols Brig Asif H. Raja David Swanson Dr. Ashraf Ezzat Ed Mattson Gilad Atzmon Gordon Duff, Seni.. Ian Greenhalgh Jack Heart Jack Speer-Williams Jane Rosenstein Jim W. Dean, Mana.. Johnny Punish Jonas E. Alexis Kadir A. Mohmand Katherine Frisk Kevin Barrett Michael Shrimpton Muhammed Ali Carter Paul Fitzgerald Press TV Preston James, Ph.D Richard Edmondson Sami Jamil Jadallah South Front Stuart Littlewood World News Tommor.. Personal Finance View all It’s All Bullish in the End as Stocks Post Best Week Since 2014 It’s All Bullish in the End as Stocks Post Best Week Since 2014 We Should Take Our Cues From the Market — Not Politicians In personal finance, there’s a gender divide How to Streamline Your Business Using Video Conferences Short Term Investments for Veterans National News View all Brown students tore up, threw out American flags at Veterans Day ceremony Brown students tore up, threw out American flags at Veterans Day ceremony Chili’s under fire after manager takes free meal from vet on Veterans Day US, British ‘Clean House’ to Delete Syria Terror Links Leftist Loons Want a Civil War EU Holds Meeting to Discuss Trump VA Home Loans View all Mortgage Rates Rise to Near Pre-Brexit Levels Mortgage Rates Rise to Near Pre-Brexit Levels How Can A Little Strategy Help You Win Big Eight Reasons to Invest in the Forex Market 7 guidelines on how to finance small business Veteran Affairs Renews Contract with Black Knight Career News View all 9 High-Rated Companies Hiring Veterans Now 9 High-Rated Companies Hiring Veterans Now MDRC Joins HireVeterans.com! Kohler Joins HireVeterans.com! Former sergeant channels years of guilt into hope for veterans How You Can Pay Veterans Back With a Job Network News View all Expose Journalists Elizabeth Gould and Paul Fitzgerald Join VT Expose Journalists Elizabeth Gould and Paul Fitzgerald Join VT VOTE: Message from VT General Manager John Allen James Hall – Former Political Operative Joins VNN Sherwood Ross: Award-Winning Reporter Joins Veterans Today Writers Staff Rag Radio host Thorne Dreyer Joins VT Radio VT LIVE Radio TV Video Media   Listen Live Short End Of The Stick with Mike Harris: Dr. Preston James is the guest Short End Of The Stick with Mike Harris: John Denugent and Kevin Barrett TCK Radio: Josh Tolley “Post Election Prognosis, Putin & Preparedness” RAG RADIO: ‘The Resisitible Rise of Donald J. Trump’ with Jonathan Tilove & Glenn W. Smith Freeing our Minds to Reclaim our Nations: Radio Free Kanata TRUTH JIHAD: Gordon Duff on Trump’s election theft TOP 50 READ ARTICLES THIS MONTH Breaking/Exclusive: Comey Lied: FBI “Synced” Weiner Laptop Under Misused Terror Warrant – Updated Australian 60 Minutes exposed the Worldwide Satanic Pedophile Network “Lock Him Up” Trump Faces Possible Jail for Insurance Fraud Breaking/Exclusive: The New 9/11, Information In, Israel Rigs an Election (updating) The City of London’s ReColonization of America The Hidden History of the Incredibly Evil Khazarian Mafia (Updated) Rodrigo Duterte: I am officially through with the New World Order BREAKING: Comey Admits to Fabricating Email Investigation, Rigging Election in FBI Secret Memo Time to take down the flag as most Americans surrender to a foreign backed coup Yes, the election WAS stolen – so who “sent” Trump? Why the Red Poppy Holds Valuable Symbolism for War Veterans Wikileaks Tracked to Haifa, Trump’s Real Campaign Headquarters and more, much more We “conspiracy theorists” won – so why aren’t I celebrating? Israel makes ‘Hail Mary’ move to influence US election – FBI commit treason? Vladimir Putin Is Morally and Intellectually Destroying the New World Order LUCIFER in the Temple of the Dog II Top 10 reasons to be a holocaust denier VT Exclusive: Largest Pedophile Ring in History, 70,000 Members, Heads of State, the Rats Scramble Who Towers Behind Trump? Rodrigo Duterte to New World Order agents: “I’ll humiliate you” New World Order, Weiner and Revelation Trump is the Anti-Obama, Just Like Obama Was the Anti-Bush (But It’s All a Con Game) Disclosure: Beyond the Burning the FBI, VT Breaks New Ground(part IV) FBI “Insurrection” to Scuttle Director, Rig Election LUCIFER in the Temple of the Dog I Tying it together, Wikileaks, the FBI and the Mob Part V 1933: Trump Elected Chancellor Russia petrifies the New World Order and its agents—again Qatari princess having sex with seven men Disclosure: Hillary Campaign Knew Trump Aided by Intel Agencies Rape and Sex in German Cities After World War II Revisited (Part II) FBI “Insurrection” to Scuttle Director, Rig Election: part 2 NEO – Mosul Offensive Reveals Larger Geopolitical Game Plan Admiral Kuznetsov Carrier Group Saved Syria From US Cruise Missile Strikes Rose McGowan: I was raped by a studio head in Hollywood Will the Powers That Be assassinate Donald Trump? Press TV: Duff Buries the Trump/ISIS Lie Machine Loser of the Day: Porn Star Turns Down $10k Trump Offer Looks like Hillary will be Trumped Armageddon Proportions Western Media attacks Aleppo with Guided Missile Lies Vladimir Putin to George Soros: Thank God we kicked you out of Russia Assad: New World Order agents (like John Kerry) have no political or intellectual teeth The Fall of the Saudis, the Battle after ISIS Power, Pedophilia and the US Government Confirmation: British Pegida leader is an Israeli op American Nightmare: Tyranny Under the FBI, an American Reality (Part III) October Boomerang COINTELPRO II: The FBI Informant Army and Donald Trump VI (updated) The New World Order is melting in the heat of its own contradiction Facebook Friend Us Twitter Follow Us Google+ Circle Us RSS Site Feed About Us Veterans Today (VT) is an independent online journal representing the positions and providing news for members of the military and veteran community in areas of national security, geopolitical stability and domestic policy. All writers are fully independent and represent their own point of view and not necessarily the point of view of any other writer, administrator or entity. Quick Links VT Live Radio & Video Download Apps Email Newsletter Advertise Contact Us Help Desk Search Archives Search Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 Search Veterans Today Network VETERANS TODAY NETWORK: National News | Foreign Affairs | Net Radio | Veterans Jobs | Career News | VA Home Loans | Money | Forums | Veteran Owned Businesses (VOSB) | Partners: USS Liberty | Rense.com | Log in  - Powered By Veterans Today Network
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video YANG: coming soon to a router near you IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH YANG: coming soon to a router near you Satya Nadella hits Sydney and channels Steve O'Ballmer from eight years ago Is that your television? Or a zero client running a virtual desktop? SpectraLogic SLACSS off to speed HPC archiving Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Gone in 70 seconds: Linux can be owned by holding Enter key If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets Twitter rolls out troll controls DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed Hardware SC 2011 SCC11: Meet Team Taiwan ’10 Champs look for repeat 15 Nov 2011 at 17:29, Dan Olds, Gabriel Consulting Dan Olds, Gabriel Consulting Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Cluster Competition, Cluster, Hpc, High Performance Computing, Nvidia Recent Articles IBM lifts lid, unleashes Linux-based x86 killer on unsuspecting world Nvidia welcomes Intel into AI era: Fancy a benchmark deathmatch? Windows 10 pain: Reg man has 75 per cent upgrade failure rate Team vid The team from Taiwan's National Tsing Hua University is on a mission: to become the first university to repeat as Student Cluster Competition champions. The team in Seattle this year is almost entirely new, but they have the same coach and have been mentored by their predecessors from the 2010 championship team. They've added a new sponsor to the mix this year. Acer returns as their system sponsor, supplying a 72-core Xeon-based cluster, and NVIDIA is jumping on the Taiwan bandwagon with their contribution of six Tesla GPU cards. Like the other teams driving GPUs, Taiwan's success is somewhat dependent on how well they have adapted the scientific codes to optimize these specialized number-crunching beasts. Or, in the case of non-GPU friendly apps, how well Taiwan can utilize their traditional cluster hardware to handle the loads. Take a look at the video to get a feel for Team Taiwan. To me, they are the definition of quiet confidence and competence. Like last year, they never seem to hurry and never show any signs of frustration. As one observer noted, they're one of the most well-prepared teams in the competition - something that should aid them in their quest to take home another SCC trophy. (There isn't a real SCC trophy, but there should be.) ® Watch Video Sponsored: HPC and HPDA for the Cognitive Journey with OpenPOWER Tips and corrections More from The Register Chinese bit-squatter information thieves dupe Taiwan Govt site Payloads unknown 2 Comments Taiwan Supreme Court rules former TSMC exec leaked chip secrets to Samsung Ex-R&D boss banned from working for Korean firm 5 Comments Taiwan incumbent adds G.fast to tech mix Could launch as soon as September 2 Comments Apple orders white box servers from Taiwan for data centre refresh Report hints at bad news for branded server-makers as Cupertino cranks up bit barns 11 Comments Taiwan Mobile unveils Granny-tracker smart bracelet NFC-enabled wearable could help elderly users find their way home 6 Comments ARM to open CPU design centre in Taiwan Computex Greater China scores lab for next-generation M-series kit for wearables and IoT 4 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile The need for comprehensive email security is greater than ever Email continues to be the most common attack vector by which networks are compromised and malware spread. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Spotlight Virtual reality is actually made of smartphones Brain plague or estate agents? I know which I'd prefer in Virtual Reality Self-stocking internet fridge faces a delivery come down My headset is reading my mind and talking behind my back Penetration tech: BAE Systems' new ammo for Our Boys and Girls Render crashing PCs back to their component silicon: They deserve it The return of (drone) robot wars: Beware of low-flying freezers Will AI spell the end of humanity? The tech industry wants you to think so Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video YANG: coming soon to a router near you IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH YANG: coming soon to a router near you Satya Nadella hits Sydney and channels Steve O'Ballmer from eight years ago Is that your television? Or a zero client running a virtual desktop? SpectraLogic SLACSS off to speed HPC archiving Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Gone in 70 seconds: Linux can be owned by holding Enter key If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets Twitter rolls out troll controls DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed More like this China Hardware SC 2011 SCC11: Meet Team China Does Tianhe legacy spell SCC win? 15 Nov 2011 at 16:33, Dan Olds, Gabriel Consulting Dan Olds, Gabriel Consulting Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Cluster Competition, Cluster, Hpc, High Performance Computing, Nvidia Recent Articles IBM lifts lid, unleashes Linux-based x86 killer on unsuspecting world Nvidia welcomes Intel into AI era: Fancy a benchmark deathmatch? Windows 10 pain: Reg man has 75 per cent upgrade failure rate Team Vid China’s NUDT (National University of Defense Technology) shocked the world in 2010 when it unveiled the fastest supercomputer known to man, the 1.86 Pflop Tianhe-1A. It came out of nowhere and caught the entire industry by surprise. Team China, sponsored by NUDT, is hoping to do much the same thing at this year’s SC11 Student Cluster Competition (SCC) in Seattle. The team didn’t bring as much hardware as the others, but what they brought is potent. Their cluster consists of only two nodes, each with dual Intel Xeon processors, for a total of twenty-four x86 cores. The punch comes with their NVIDIA GPU accelerators – six C2070s, to be specific – that will make short work of number-crunching workloads. The success of Team China will depend on how well they’ve been able to adapt the scientific workloads to run on their GPUs. Some of the challenge workloads, like PFA, will run like a greased weasel (i.e. fast) on GPUs while others, like POP, haven’t yet been remodeled to take advantage of them. Although the scientific applications are an open question, Team China should be able to mount an effective challenge on LINPACK. Teams this year have the ability to submit a separate LINPACK run on modified hardware. This means that they can throw all the GPUs they have at it in order to capture the LINPACK crown. This should work in Team China’s favor and give them a solid chance to take home the LINPACK blue ribbon. (There isn’t an actual blue ribbon.) Despite the obvious language barrier, it was clear that the students were happy to be at SCC and enjoying the experience. Take a look at the video to get a better feel for Team China and their chances at clustering glory. ® Watch Video Sponsored: HPC and HPDA for the Cognitive Journey with OpenPOWER Tips and corrections 1 Comment More from The Register Your next flight is to Glorious China, Owners Of All South China Sea Vietnamese airports hacked by propaganda-spouting ninnies China swaps cyber czars Lu Wei steps down, Xu Lin steps up Whoosh! China shows off J-20 'stealth' fighters and jet drones Slowly but surely, they're gearing up. But for what? 57 Comments China's Shenzhou-11 capsule docks with Tiangong-2 station A month in space is the plan as China's ambitions escalate 12 Comments China decrees it will grow world-class enterprise vendors by the year 2025 Huawei's rise and rise may have been just the beginning 5 Comments Look out, SpaceX et al – China's Long March-5 rocket blasts off Pic Successful launch takes payload into orbit 16 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile The need for comprehensive email security is greater than ever Email continues to be the most common attack vector by which networks are compromised and malware spread. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Spotlight Virtual reality is actually made of smartphones Brain plague or estate agents? I know which I'd prefer in Virtual Reality Self-stocking internet fridge faces a delivery come down My headset is reading my mind and talking behind my back Penetration tech: BAE Systems' new ammo for Our Boys and Girls Render crashing PCs back to their component silicon: They deserve it The return of (drone) robot wars: Beware of low-flying freezers Will AI spell the end of humanity? The tech industry wants you to think so Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video YANG: coming soon to a router near you IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH YANG: coming soon to a router near you Satya Nadella hits Sydney and channels Steve O'Ballmer from eight years ago Is that your television? Or a zero client running a virtual desktop? SpectraLogic SLACSS off to speed HPC archiving Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Gone in 70 seconds: Linux can be owned by holding Enter key If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets Twitter rolls out troll controls DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed Hardware SC 2011 SCC11: Meet Team Costa Rica Can Rainforest Eagles soar to cluster glory? 15 Nov 2011 at 17:15, Dan Olds, Gabriel Consulting Dan Olds, Gabriel Consulting Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Cluster Competition, Cluster, Hpc, High Performance Computing, Nvidia Recent Articles IBM lifts lid, unleashes Linux-based x86 killer on unsuspecting world Nvidia welcomes Intel into AI era: Fancy a benchmark deathmatch? Windows 10 pain: Reg man has 75 per cent upgrade failure rate Team vid Team Costa Rica is another first-time entrant in the 2011 Student Cluster Competition in Seattle. Their official name is Tecnológico de Costa Rica, but to me they’re the Rainforest Eagles, and they’ve earned respect for not only representing their entire region but for the hardships they overcame to make it to the SCC. The team lost their hardware sponsor at the last minute, putting their chance to participate in the challenge in jeopardy. But the HPC Advisory Council and its chair, Gilad Shainer, stepped in to ensure that the team could not only show up but compete with the other teams on an equal footing. The Rainforest Eagles are running the latest AMD Interlagos 16-core processors on Dell servers, utilizing a Mellanox Infiniband interconnect. As you’ll see in the video, Team Costa Rica is experiencing Infiniband for the first time and is anxious to share this discovery with their computing compatriots back home. Even though the audio quality on the video could be better (my fault – new microphone) I hope that the enthusiasm of the team shows through. They’re a bit shy; this is all new to them. But they’re having a great time and are ready to test themselves against much more experienced competitors. If you like pulling for the underdog, Costa Rica is your team. Take a look at the video and prepare to be convinced that maybe, just maybe, this is the year of the underdog. ® Watch Video Sponsored: HPC and HPDA for the Cognitive Journey with OpenPOWER Tips and corrections More from The Register Costa Rica launches investigation after reports hackers ‘rigged’ 2014 election Campaign wasn't full of badness like the others, claims hacker 16 Comments Alcatel-Lucent pays $10 million to Costa Rica's ICE over old bribery scandal A step closer to settlement 2 Comments Costa Rican authorities detain drug-smuggling pigeon Wings come off cunning prison dope delivery plan 24 Comments Costa Rica Cluster Finale SCC11 Rainforest Eagles compete to finish Instituto Tecnológico de Costa Rica SCC Team Profile: Rainforest Eagles attack clustering Days are numbered for the Czech Republic Na shledanou Česká republika, dobry den Czechia! 78 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile The need for comprehensive email security is greater than ever Email continues to be the most common attack vector by which networks are compromised and malware spread. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Spotlight Virtual reality is actually made of smartphones Brain plague or estate agents? I know which I'd prefer in Virtual Reality Self-stocking internet fridge faces a delivery come down My headset is reading my mind and talking behind my back Penetration tech: BAE Systems' new ammo for Our Boys and Girls Render crashing PCs back to their component silicon: They deserve it The return of (drone) robot wars: Beware of low-flying freezers Will AI spell the end of humanity? The tech industry wants you to think so Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video YANG: coming soon to a router near you IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH YANG: coming soon to a router near you Satya Nadella hits Sydney and channels Steve O'Ballmer from eight years ago Is that your television? Or a zero client running a virtual desktop? SpectraLogic SLACSS off to speed HPC archiving Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Gone in 70 seconds: Linux can be owned by holding Enter key If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets Twitter rolls out troll controls DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed More like this Virtualisation Performance Hardware Enterprise Tech Release the brakes on your virtual servers Step up the pace 17 Nov 2011 at 11:11, Liam Proven Liam Proven Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Linux Recent Articles One container to rule them all? No. Um, a plastic box* refresher Linux is so grown up, it's ready for marriage with containers From Zero to hero: Why mini 'puter Oberon should grab Pi's crown One of the dirty little secrets of virtualisation is the performance cost: operating systems running inside a virtual machine are slower than those running natively on the same hardware, sometimes by quite some margin. This is termed virtualisation overhead, and with current whole-system virtualisation, it's a given. It always happens. The question is, how much. Back in the days of ESX Server 3, VMware itself admitted that integer performance suffered an overhead of up to six percent and more complex CPU operations up to 18 per cent. It claimed that Xen 3 was about twice as bad. These days, things are not so serious, and the performance differential between the main hypervisor vendors has mostly evened out. Stiff competition Even so, bear in mind that this was on a single host with a single virtual machine. Contention for shared resources is also a significant issue, especially when it comes to disk storage where virtual machines often share a single drive or array. Most current virtualisation on x86 is whole-system virtualisation: each virtual machine is a complete emulated PC containing a complete PC operating system. The virtual machine's "disks" are actually files in a file system managed by a different operating system. All the componentry of that nice uniform hardware platform that means you can move virtual machines from host to host – network cards, motherboard chipset, graphics adaptor and so on – is not nice fast hardware, it is software emulations running as part of the hypervisor. Hardware extensions Gradually, x86 chips are acquiring hardware extensions to assist in this emulation. The first generation of hardware virtualisation assist extensions was Intel's VT, introduced in some of the last models of Pentium 4, the 662 and 672, in 2005. AMD-V followed with the Socket AM2 Athlons in 2006. This hardware virtualisation merely allowed hypervisors to create a "Ring minus-one" – essentially, trapping Ring 0 (kernel-mode) code and running it though a software emulator. The CPU-intensive process of mapping virtual machines' memory to the host's physical memory still had to be done in software. This changed in 2007 with the arrival of AMD's second wave of hardware virtualisation, Rapid Virtualization Indexing (RVI), in the Barcelona generation of Athlons and Opterons. RVI provides the hypervisor with shadow page tables in hardware. Page tables hold the map that translates addresses in an operating system’s memory layout to physical RAM addresses. But from inside a virtual machine, these emulated physical addresses are actually blocks of the host's RAM. RVI's second level of indirection accelerates the translation of memory addresses inside virtual machines to real physical memory addresses. This makes little difference to a virtual machine’s pure CPU performance, but significantly enhances memory-intensive workloads, to the tune of 42 to 48 per cent. Intel's equivalent is called Extended Page Table and appeared with the Nehalem-family Core i3, i5 and i7 processors in late 2008. For the moment, this is all hardware can do to help. The remaining techniques are a matter of software and system configuration. In praise of paravirtualisation Emulation is expensive so another good way to boost performance is to avoid it. From the virtual machine perspective, one way to do this is to modify the guest operating system or its drivers to be aware that they are running in a hypervisor. For example, a guest operating system can be provided with special drivers that talk directly to the virtual network connecting the virtual machines to the host machine, rather than emulating a physical network card. Similar methods can be applied to storage (such as SCSI and iSCSI), graphics, input devices and even memory management. Microsoft calls this Enlightened I/O for its Hyper-V Server; support is built into Vista SP1, Windows Server 2008 and later, and drivers are available for Windows Server 2003, SUSE Linux Enterprise Server 10 SP3 and Red Hat Enterprise Linux 5.2 to 5.5. VMware had a similar approach, the Virtual Machine Interface, which allowed Linux guests to communicate with the hypervisor, but this has now been outpaced by hardware virtualisation. VMware also offers the vmxnet virtual NIC, as well as enhanced vmxnet2 and vmxnet3 drivers that offer TCP Offload Engine acceleration to virtual machines on suitably equipped hosts. For Xen, there are PV drivers and for KVM, Virtio, which both offer analagous functionality. Just passing through The final, and in some ways most drastic, step is to avoid the emulation overhead by directly connecting virtual machines to physical hardware. The simplest and theoretically cleanest way of doing this is by offloading storage, for instance, to a SAN; a virtual machine accessing a SAN in principle suffers no more slowdown than a physical server would. As in the case of a physical server accessing storage over the network, though, this ideally means dedicating network interfaces to storage – which may mean adding multiple network interface cards to the host and configuring dedicated routes between virtual machines and networked storage devices. Hyper-V also supports pass-through disks, where a virtual machine can directly control a dedicated LUN of a storage device on the host machine. Windows Server 2008 R2 adds a new feature, Cluster Shared Volumes, which allows multiple hosts to share access to a single storage LUN, adding a degree of scalability to pass-through disks. VMware currently takes the prize in this department, though, with its ability to directly dedicate not only SCSI controllers, but as of ESX 4, entire physical PCI and PCIe devices to a specific virtual machine. The VMDirectPath feature allows one or two PCI cards in the host machine to be connected to the operating sysem running in a specific virtual machine rather than being managed by the hypervisor itself – from a simple USB controller to a dedicated physical NIC or storage device. A slightly more modest optimisation is to place the swapfiles of Windows virtual machines directly onto the host's vmfs storage. There is always a price to pay, though, and this one is a biggie. There is a significant drawback in attaching dedicated devices to virtual machines, whether they are just disk partitions on the host server or physical interface cards and any attached devices. Although such techniques can deliver pretty much full native performance, they hinder some of the key advantages of virtualisation: the ability to snapshot virtual machines for backup purposes, duplicate them and migrate them from one host to another. At best, virtual machines accessing external, non-virtual resources often need to be shut down before migration, and snapshots must also duplicate any external resources – thus removing the scalability and fault-tolerance of virtualisation. Differences of opinion Virtualisation is now a key part of the x86 platform and it is not going to go away again. Further hardware advances will continue to improve speed and reduce overhead but there's a long way to go before x86 servers can match the performance and scalability features of systems that have been doing virtualisation for decades, such as IBM's System z mainframes. On the other hand, paravirtualisation is also important. There are significant gains from having guest operating systems that know they are guests and can request services from the host server or its assistance in performing demanding operations. Some of the possible improvements will probably remain limited by competitive demands, such as the different virtual machine formats of all the main hypervisor vendors and their totally different driver architectures. Historically, such issues have receded either when everyone becomes compatible with Microsoft's formats or the functionality moves into hardware. That is still some way off for x86 virtualisation but it is a rapidly developing area, so watch this space. ® Sponsored: HPC and HPDA for the Cognitive Journey with OpenPOWER Tips and corrections 3 Comments More from The Register Amazon unleashes on-prem-VM-to-cloud application teleporter Erm … didn't Amazon just make a deal with VMware for something similar? Yes, it did Tintri is great. But is VM-aware storage still what customers want? Comment If not, you're a long time falling 10 Comments Rogue sysadmins the target of Microsoft's new 'Shielded VM' security VMware's also trying to stop Dennis Nedry in vSphere 6.5, but both trail the NSA and Xen 14 Comments Oracle plays virtual catch-up with new VM release Big Red makes it to virtual 2013 with storage live migration, FCoE and OVF support 3 Comments Maine town plans to become 'Gigabit Island' Just sit right back and you'll hear a tale... 9 Comments Comcast now touts unlimited gigabit service (that you can't get) Only a handful of Georgians will get to slurp from broadband motherlode 19 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile The need for comprehensive email security is greater than ever Email continues to be the most common attack vector by which networks are compromised and malware spread. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Spotlight Virtual reality is actually made of smartphones Brain plague or estate agents? I know which I'd prefer in Virtual Reality Self-stocking internet fridge faces a delivery come down My headset is reading my mind and talking behind my back Penetration tech: BAE Systems' new ammo for Our Boys and Girls Render crashing PCs back to their component silicon: They deserve it The return of (drone) robot wars: Beware of low-flying freezers Will AI spell the end of humanity? The tech industry wants you to think so Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video YANG: coming soon to a router near you IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH YANG: coming soon to a router near you Satya Nadella hits Sydney and channels Steve O'Ballmer from eight years ago Is that your television? Or a zero client running a virtual desktop? SpectraLogic SLACSS off to speed HPC archiving Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Gone in 70 seconds: Linux can be owned by holding Enter key If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets Twitter rolls out troll controls DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed Hardware SC 2011 Purdue Rolls the Dice Strategy and final SCC11 thoughts 17 Nov 2011 at 16:35, Dan Olds, Gabriel Consulting Dan Olds, Gabriel Consulting Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Cluster Competition, Cluster, Hpc, High Performance Computing, Nvidia Recent Articles IBM lifts lid, unleashes Linux-based x86 killer on unsuspecting world Nvidia welcomes Intel into AI era: Fancy a benchmark deathmatch? Windows 10 pain: Reg man has 75 per cent upgrade failure rate SCC11 As can be seen by their LINPACK results on Monday (only .233 TFlop), Purdue either completely melted down or had something up their collective sleeves. It turns out that they had a plan, a cunning plan. One that might give them a leg up on the other competitors on the all-important scientific applications. What was the plan? Why did they do it? Watch the video to find out. We also capture the final thoughts from the team before they turn in their results. Watch Video Sponsored: HPC and HPDA for the Cognitive Journey with OpenPOWER Tips and corrections More from The Register SC11: Everything you wanted to know about supercomputing We weren't afraid to ask 6 Comments Team Boston Crunch Time SCC11 Final hours... Rookie southies S Korea and S Africa prep for cluster-wrestling match HPC Blog Students get to grips with HPC apps Titan = supersized science SC11 The computer ( not the Saturn moon) Computer sports cluster war: Day of reckoning SC11 Texas and Taiwan top punter picks Team Texas On the Brink SC11 Longhorns hope for first SCC win Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile The need for comprehensive email security is greater than ever Email continues to be the most common attack vector by which networks are compromised and malware spread. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Spotlight Virtual reality is actually made of smartphones Brain plague or estate agents? I know which I'd prefer in Virtual Reality Self-stocking internet fridge faces a delivery come down My headset is reading my mind and talking behind my back Penetration tech: BAE Systems' new ammo for Our Boys and Girls Render crashing PCs back to their component silicon: They deserve it The return of (drone) robot wars: Beware of low-flying freezers Will AI spell the end of humanity? The tech industry wants you to think so Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video YANG: coming soon to a router near you IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH YANG: coming soon to a router near you Satya Nadella hits Sydney and channels Steve O'Ballmer from eight years ago Is that your television? Or a zero client running a virtual desktop? SpectraLogic SLACSS off to speed HPC archiving Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Gone in 70 seconds: Linux can be owned by holding Enter key If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets Twitter rolls out troll controls DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed Hardware SC 2011 Team Texas On the Brink Longhorns hope for first SCC win 17 Nov 2011 at 19:20, Dan Olds, Gabriel Consulting Dan Olds, Gabriel Consulting Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Cluster Competition, Cluster, Hpc, High Performance Computing, Nvidia Recent Articles IBM lifts lid, unleashes Linux-based x86 killer on unsuspecting world Nvidia welcomes Intel into AI era: Fancy a benchmark deathmatch? Windows 10 pain: Reg man has 75 per cent upgrade failure rate SC11 The Texas team captured a lot of attention at the Student Cluster Competition this year. Their mineral oil deep-fried cluster was certainly a hit with the crowd, but did it pay dividends when it came to computing? They put in the best non-GPU fueled LINPACK and, assumedly, should perform well on the scientific apps, but will it perform well enough to beat the other teams? We spent a few minutes with them and kicked it around a bit. Oh, and there will be some more videos of their mineral oil experience coming up - so check back often...... Watch Video Sponsored: HPC and HPDA for the Cognitive Journey with OpenPOWER Tips and corrections More from The Register SC11: Everything you wanted to know about supercomputing We weren't afraid to ask 6 Comments Team Boston Crunch Time SCC11 Final hours... Rookie southies S Korea and S Africa prep for cluster-wrestling match HPC Blog Students get to grips with HPC apps Titan = supersized science SC11 The computer ( not the Saturn moon) Computer sports cluster war: Day of reckoning SC11 Texas and Taiwan top punter picks Gordon the supercomputer is intense about data SC11 300TB of flash = Big Data, fast 2 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile The need for comprehensive email security is greater than ever Email continues to be the most common attack vector by which networks are compromised and malware spread. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Spotlight Virtual reality is actually made of smartphones Brain plague or estate agents? I know which I'd prefer in Virtual Reality Self-stocking internet fridge faces a delivery come down My headset is reading my mind and talking behind my back Penetration tech: BAE Systems' new ammo for Our Boys and Girls Render crashing PCs back to their component silicon: They deserve it The return of (drone) robot wars: Beware of low-flying freezers Will AI spell the end of humanity? The tech industry wants you to think so Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video YANG: coming soon to a router near you IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH YANG: coming soon to a router near you Satya Nadella hits Sydney and channels Steve O'Ballmer from eight years ago Is that your television? Or a zero client running a virtual desktop? SpectraLogic SLACSS off to speed HPC archiving Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Gone in 70 seconds: Linux can be owned by holding Enter key If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets Twitter rolls out troll controls DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed Hardware SC 2011 SCC11: The Marathon Begins 46 hour grind starts grinding 17 Nov 2011 at 19:22, Dan Olds, Gabriel Consulting Dan Olds, Gabriel Consulting Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Cluster Competition, Cluster, Hpc, High Performance Computing, Nvidia Recent Articles IBM lifts lid, unleashes Linux-based x86 killer on unsuspecting world Nvidia welcomes Intel into AI era: Fancy a benchmark deathmatch? Windows 10 pain: Reg man has 75 per cent upgrade failure rate This short video captures the start of the application portion of the 2011 Student Cluster Competition. The students had spent all day Monday driving their systems to produce the best LINPACK and HPCC result possible. Now, Monday evening at 7:30 pm on the dot, they finally get access to the data sets that they'll use in the four scientific applications that make up the rest of the challenge. From now until Wednesday evening, they'll be running these applications around the clock in an effort to produce more valid scientific results than their competitors. If you've never seen the beginning of the application stage of a Student Cluster Competition, you owe it to yourself to take a look at the video. Some have compared it to the beginning of the Indy 500, others to the annual running of the bulls in Pamplona. I don't know any of those people, but I'm sure they exist... Watch Video Sponsored: HPC and HPDA for the Cognitive Journey with OpenPOWER Tips and corrections 3 Comments More from The Register Undergrads build 12.6-TFLOPS cluster out of four nodes, 112 cores HPC Blog New student LINPACK record step 5 Comments Tegile gets IntelliFlash into a cluster duster Cloud Platform for private cloud Student cluster warriors build out 'roomy sedan' clusters HPC Blog Tianhe-2: Where's the manual - we wish we could RTFM Old fashioned engineering: HPC cluster kids would like to thank their fans. No really HPC Blog Gutsy overclockers set new record 2 Comments Nice cluster, kid. But can these supercomputing students actually predict the weather? HPC blog It's hard enough for the Met Office... 4 Comments Home team wins Asia student cluster competition HPC Blog HUST busts out Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile The need for comprehensive email security is greater than ever Email continues to be the most common attack vector by which networks are compromised and malware spread. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Spotlight Virtual reality is actually made of smartphones Brain plague or estate agents? I know which I'd prefer in Virtual Reality Self-stocking internet fridge faces a delivery come down My headset is reading my mind and talking behind my back Penetration tech: BAE Systems' new ammo for Our Boys and Girls Render crashing PCs back to their component silicon: They deserve it The return of (drone) robot wars: Beware of low-flying freezers Will AI spell the end of humanity? The tech industry wants you to think so Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video YANG: coming soon to a router near you IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH YANG: coming soon to a router near you Satya Nadella hits Sydney and channels Steve O'Ballmer from eight years ago Is that your television? Or a zero client running a virtual desktop? SpectraLogic SLACSS off to speed HPC archiving Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Gone in 70 seconds: Linux can be owned by holding Enter key If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets Twitter rolls out troll controls DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed Hardware SC 2011 SCC Final: Taiwan crowned champs Ultra-close results, rise of GPUs 19 Nov 2011 at 01:32, Dan Olds, Gabriel Consulting Dan Olds, Gabriel Consulting Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Cluster Competition, Cluster, Hpc, High Performance Computing, Nvidia Recent Articles IBM lifts lid, unleashes Linux-based x86 killer on unsuspecting world Nvidia welcomes Intel into AI era: Fancy a benchmark deathmatch? Windows 10 pain: Reg man has 75 per cent upgrade failure rate SC11 The final results of the 2011 Student Cluster Competition (SCC11) in Seattle are in the books and can be revealed. Well, they should have been revealed last night, but a series of meetings, bad hotel Wi-Fi, and perhaps alcohol played a role in the delay. In upcoming articles, you’ll see more videos and analysis of the results, but for now, let me sketch out the big picture. In the closest finish, Team Taiwan from National Tsing Hua University took the overall student clustering crown for the second year in a row. They did it on a hybrid Acer system consisting of 72 Xeon CPU nodes and six NVIDIA Tesla C2070 GPU accelerators. On the memory side they had 48 GB/node, a bit low compared with other teams. Barely behind Team Taiwan was NUDT’s Team China. The SC committee hasn’t (ever) released actual figures, but I was skulking around while they were being compiled and can say that the Taiwan-China scores were so close that hours of checking, re-checking, and then checking once again were required to make sure the results were correct. Team China also rana hybrid CPU-GPU system. But the Chinese system, while sporting the same six NVIDIA C2070 Tesla accelerators as Team Taiwan, had only 24 Xeon cores. China had more memory per node at 96 GB each, but less overall memory at 192 GB total vs. 288 for Taiwan. What’s obvious is that both of these teams did a great job of adapting the scientific workloads for use with GPUs. Some of the apps, like PFA, were already GPU compliant, but POP and some of the others were much less so and required some work to make them run efficiently. Both teams also did a great job of sandbagging me – always saying that they weren’t sure if their apps would take advantage of the GPUs, and that they weren’t expecting much. Team Texas was a close third and had the highest score of any non-GPU competitor. Their mineral oil gambit seems to have paid off, giving them enough computing power (11 nodes, 132 Xeon cores and 48 GB per node) to both fit within the 26 amp limit and put up a good fight with the winners. Team Boston, a new competitor, took fourth place with a massive hybrid AMD (336 cores)-NVIDIA (4xTesla M2090) system. This is a very good finish for a new team and also the highest placement of an AMD Interlagos-based box in the competition. Just barely behind Boston was Team Russia with yet another hybrid system. Team Russia was sporting 84 Xeon cores and a whopping twelve NVIDIA M2070 cards while running a Microsoft operating system. While they didn’t take the overall crown, Team Russia nailed a win on LINPACK with their 1.9 TFlops result. Close behind was Team Colorado, running a traditional CPU-based system with 256 Xeon cores and more memory (128GB per node) than any other team. Purdue’s gambit of sandbagging the Monday HPCC/LINPACK portion of the competition to apply maximum hardware to the scientific applications didn’t pay off as hoped. We have a video posted that discusses the what’s and why’s behind Purdue’s strategy. Rounding out the competition was Team Costa Rica, who completed every challenge but didn’t excel in enough of them to put them above the leaders. They were thrown a last-minute curve ball when they had to change hardware vendors on setup day. The HPC Advisory Council – in the person of Gilad Shainer – stepped in to make sure that Costa Rica had everything they needed to compete. And compete they did, making a great impression on judges and spectators alike with their attitude, technical prowess, and desire to excel. I’ll write a bit more analysis of the competition and what we’ve learned from it when I get back home – or maybe after the aspirin kicks in. But briefly, the huge impact of GPUs can’t be denied. Hybrids took the top two spots and four out of the top five places. The student teams were able to either find GPU-enabled codes for the scientific workloads or convert existing code to take advantage of them. That’s what made the difference this year. More later… meds now. ® Sponsored: HPC and HPDA for the Cognitive Journey with OpenPOWER Tips and corrections More from The Register Russians Bear Down at SCC11 SCC11 Will LINPACK win fuel overall triumph? SCC11: Home Stretch SCC11 Team China preps for finish SCC11: LINPACK results released Shocker in Seattle, Longshot comes through SCC11: The Marathon Begins 46 hour grind starts grinding 3 Comments SCC11: final results banquet, winners feted Smelly cheese consumed SCC11: Meet Team Russia Second time the charm for Russian Bear? Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile The need for comprehensive email security is greater than ever Email continues to be the most common attack vector by which networks are compromised and malware spread. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Spotlight Virtual reality is actually made of smartphones Brain plague or estate agents? I know which I'd prefer in Virtual Reality Self-stocking internet fridge faces a delivery come down My headset is reading my mind and talking behind my back Penetration tech: BAE Systems' new ammo for Our Boys and Girls Render crashing PCs back to their component silicon: They deserve it The return of (drone) robot wars: Beware of low-flying freezers Will AI spell the end of humanity? The tech industry wants you to think so Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video YANG: coming soon to a router near you IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH YANG: coming soon to a router near you Satya Nadella hits Sydney and channels Steve O'Ballmer from eight years ago Is that your television? Or a zero client running a virtual desktop? SpectraLogic SLACSS off to speed HPC archiving Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Gone in 70 seconds: Linux can be owned by holding Enter key If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets Twitter rolls out troll controls DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed More like this Hp Data Center HPC Free cluster for a good cause SCC11 system up for grabs 28 Nov 2011 at 14:00, Dan Olds, Gabriel Consulting Dan Olds, Gabriel Consulting Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Cluster Competition, Cluster, Hpc, High Performance Computing, Nvidia Recent Articles IBM lifts lid, unleashes Linux-based x86 killer on unsuspecting world Nvidia welcomes Intel into AI era: Fancy a benchmark deathmatch? Windows 10 pain: Reg man has 75 per cent upgrade failure rate Silicon Mechanics, a mid-sized manufacturer of rackmount servers, clusters, and storage arrays, is celebrating its 10th birthday by giving away a lot of stuff. First, the company did a great job sponsoring Boston University in this month's SC11 Student Cluster Competition in Seattle (SCC11). Fueled by Silicon Mechanics gear, the team snared fourth place overall – quite an achievement given the caliber and experience of the competitors. Team Boston, aided by Art Mann of Silicon Mechanics, had one of the largest and most powerful configurations - a hybrid system with 11 dual-socket nodes containing 336 AMD Interlagos cores, 352 GB of main memory, and four of the latest NVIDIA Tesla C2090 GPU accelerators. But Silicon Mechanics isn’t done yet: the firm invites researchers to apply for a grant to receive the former ‘Team Boston’ cluster. The grant is open to any U.S. or Canadian post-secondary educational institution (or research affiliates); non-profit research labs; or researchers at government labs. Qualified applicants can submit their proposals from now through February 15, 2012. The winning proposal will be announced March 15, 2012. Rules and the application form are available at http://www.siliconmechanics.com/index.php. In this video, Art Mann discusses how Silicon Mechanics got involved with the Student Cluster Competition, why the company decided to sponsor a team, and about the grant program. ® Watch Video Sponsored: Transforming software delivery with DevOps Tips and corrections Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile The need for comprehensive email security is greater than ever Email continues to be the most common attack vector by which networks are compromised and malware spread. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Spotlight Iguazio: Made from Kia parts but faster than a Ferrari with 1,000 drivers Fire alarm sparked data centre meltdown emergency Weka.IO – a stealthy startup swimming against the tide Will the roulette ball fall for WANdisco's spiel? Speaking in Tech: Worst OpenStack summit ever? Windows Server 2016 persistent memory support supercharges storage IO VMware do we go from here? Speaking in Tech: EMC v Pure – Stop bickering with the big dog Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video YANG: coming soon to a router near you IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH YANG: coming soon to a router near you Satya Nadella hits Sydney and channels Steve O'Ballmer from eight years ago Is that your television? Or a zero client running a virtual desktop? SpectraLogic SLACSS off to speed HPC archiving Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Gone in 70 seconds: Linux can be owned by holding Enter key If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets Twitter rolls out troll controls DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed More like this 3d Data Center HPC Supercomputer helps boffins crack 3D material sims... Tokyo Tech nabs Gordon Bell Prize and $10k for metal materials work 2 Dec 2011 at 11:00, Dan Olds, Gabriel Consulting Dan Olds, Gabriel Consulting Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Cluster Competition, Cluster, Hpc, High Performance Computing, Nvidia Recent Articles IBM lifts lid, unleashes Linux-based x86 killer on unsuspecting world Nvidia welcomes Intel into AI era: Fancy a benchmark deathmatch? Windows 10 pain: Reg man has 75 per cent upgrade failure rate SC11 So who cares about dendrites and dendrite solidification? If you’re an auto manufacturer facing a mandate to radically increase the fuel economy of your cars, you care a lot. Or if you’re working on new jet engines and need to cut some pounds while increasing durability. Actually, if you rely on any alloy that has to have those ‘just right’ properties, then dendrite solidification is crucially important to you. When you look at a metal or alloy under a very strong microscope, you’ll eventually see that they’re all made up of tiny crystalline grains – which are, in turn, composed of tiny interlocked snowflake-like structures that scientists have dubbed ‘dendrites’. This structure comes about when the substance changes form from a liquid (like the liquid metal in a Terminator T-1000) to a solid. The dendrites dictate the properties of the material – its hardness and flexibility, for example. Being able to examine the distribution of many multiple dendrites is important because it’s this distribution that shows if the new alloy is fit for the purpose for which it is being designed. While seeing dendrites is important, having the ability to simulate dendrites and dendrite distribution and then predict the effects of changing the alloy recipe is a very big deal... and that’s where petascale supercomputing comes in. Dendrites simulated in 2D (click to enlarge) The scientists at Tokyo Institute of Technology have been doing quite a bit of work in this area using their TSUBAME 2.0 supercomputer. This machine – a 2.4 petaflop collaboration between HP and NEC composed of 73,000 CPU cores and 57,000 NVIDIA Fermi GPU cores – is currently #6 on the Top500 list. Before TSUBAME, scientists were limited to simulating dendrites in 2D (left), which was helpful, but of limited benefit. With TSUBAME, they can throw 16,000 CPU cores and 4,000 GPU cores at the problem and get a 3D simulation of a bunch of dendrites (below right) and then a close-up view of a single dendrite (below left). 3D simulation of a bunch of dendrites (click to enlarge) Close-up view of a single dendrite (click to enlarge) With this capability they’ll be able to simulate more alloys to a much finer degree and, assumedly, fine-tune them. For proving that they can use 2.0 petaflops on a practical scientific application, the Tokyo Institute of Technology researchers were awarded the Gordon Bell Prize for Special Achievement in Scalability and Time-to Solution for their paper titled Peta-scale Phase-Field Simulation for Dendritic Solidification on the TSUBAME 2.0 Supercomputer. Gordon Bell is also known as the Nobel Prize of supercomputing. The paper is fairly deep on the math and science. Here’s a small sample ... (Click to enlarge) For more details on the project and the paper, click here. ® Sponsored: Transforming software delivery with DevOps Tips and corrections 9 Comments More from The Register Three quarters of Oz science grads can't get science work STEM-boosterism creating chemist-slash-baristas, and IT is still boring 9 Comments Nvidia's financials have great numbers. Yuge numbers. The best numbers, believe me Make America INT8 again 4 Comments UK minister promises science budget won't be messed with after Brexit Ambitious pledges ahead of Article 50 negotiations 67 Comments Bought a GTX 970? Congrats, Nvidia owes you thirty bucks GPU maker opens wallet to make class-action suit go away 22 Comments Xeon Phight! Phight! Phight! Nvidia says Intel cheated benchmarks Xeon Phi vs. GPU comparison needs a level playing field 4 Comments PCs? Eh, who needs 'em? Nvidia asks while hoovering up more cash Graphics chip biz talks up investments in VR and AI after record quarter 3 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile The need for comprehensive email security is greater than ever Email continues to be the most common attack vector by which networks are compromised and malware spread. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Spotlight Iguazio: Made from Kia parts but faster than a Ferrari with 1,000 drivers Fire alarm sparked data centre meltdown emergency Weka.IO – a stealthy startup swimming against the tide Will the roulette ball fall for WANdisco's spiel? Speaking in Tech: Worst OpenStack summit ever? Windows Server 2016 persistent memory support supercharges storage IO VMware do we go from here? Speaking in Tech: EMC v Pure – Stop bickering with the big dog Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video YANG: coming soon to a router near you IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH YANG: coming soon to a router near you Satya Nadella hits Sydney and channels Steve O'Ballmer from eight years ago Is that your television? Or a zero client running a virtual desktop? SpectraLogic SLACSS off to speed HPC archiving Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Gone in 70 seconds: Linux can be owned by holding Enter key If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets Twitter rolls out troll controls DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed Hardware SC 2011 Adventures in mineral oil cooling Longhorns oiled and battered 23 Nov 2011 at 14:00, Dan Olds, Gabriel Consulting Dan Olds, Gabriel Consulting Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Cluster Competition, Cluster, Hpc, High Performance Computing, Nvidia Recent Articles IBM lifts lid, unleashes Linux-based x86 killer on unsuspecting world Nvidia welcomes Intel into AI era: Fancy a benchmark deathmatch? Windows 10 pain: Reg man has 75 per cent upgrade failure rate Let’s say that you and your pals need to build a high performance cluster to run a number of HPC apps. It has to be fast. Damned fast. Fast enough to beat the very best student-built systems from seven other universities. Your only limit is power: you’ll get 26 amps, no more. Your adversaries are going to pull out all the stops, bringing loads of CPUs, GPUs, SSDs and fast memory. What do you bring? If you’re a student at the University of Texas Austin, you’ll think outside the box – literally – and come up with a solution that allows you to pack more cores into the 26 amp power envelope. For the Student Cluster Competition at SC11 in Seattle, the Longhorns surprised everyone with a cluster that uses mineral oil immersion as its sole cooling mechanism. Green Revolution provided one of their cooling units to the Texas team and helped them install it at the show. Using immersion cooling allowed Team Texas to remove all of the fans on their nodes, resulting in a large enough power gain to fire up a couple of extra CPUs. They’re not exactly sure how much extra oomph it gave them (they hadn’t had a chance to do an air vs. liquid benchmark), but they estimate it’s between 5-15%. So what’s this system like? How does it go together? What’s it like to deal with? The video gives us a good look at the Texas Deep Fried Cluster system. We get to watch them remove and replace nodes as they re-cable the system as a precaution before the beginning of the competition. It’s a pretty interesting process (pretty messy, too) and it requires a surprising amount of arm strength. Why? You’ll see in the video… Watch Video Sponsored: HPC and HPDA for the Cognitive Journey with OpenPOWER Tips and corrections 4 Comments More from The Register Russians Bear Down at SCC11 SCC11 Will LINPACK win fuel overall triumph? SCC11: Home Stretch SCC11 Team China preps for finish SCC11: LINPACK results released Shocker in Seattle, Longshot comes through SCC11: The Marathon Begins 46 hour grind starts grinding 3 Comments SCC11: final results banquet, winners feted Smelly cheese consumed SCC11: Meet Team Russia Second time the charm for Russian Bear? Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile The need for comprehensive email security is greater than ever Email continues to be the most common attack vector by which networks are compromised and malware spread. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Spotlight Virtual reality is actually made of smartphones Brain plague or estate agents? I know which I'd prefer in Virtual Reality Self-stocking internet fridge faces a delivery come down My headset is reading my mind and talking behind my back Penetration tech: BAE Systems' new ammo for Our Boys and Girls Render crashing PCs back to their component silicon: They deserve it The return of (drone) robot wars: Beware of low-flying freezers Will AI spell the end of humanity? The tech industry wants you to think so Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video YANG: coming soon to a router near you IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH YANG: coming soon to a router near you Satya Nadella hits Sydney and channels Steve O'Ballmer from eight years ago Is that your television? Or a zero client running a virtual desktop? SpectraLogic SLACSS off to speed HPC archiving Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Gone in 70 seconds: Linux can be owned by holding Enter key If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets Twitter rolls out troll controls DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed Hardware SC 2011 SCC11: final results banquet, winners feted Smelly cheese consumed 22 Nov 2011 at 14:53, Dan Olds, Gabriel Consulting Dan Olds, Gabriel Consulting Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Cluster Competition, Cluster, Hpc, High Performance Computing, Nvidia Recent Articles IBM lifts lid, unleashes Linux-based x86 killer on unsuspecting world Nvidia welcomes Intel into AI era: Fancy a benchmark deathmatch? Windows 10 pain: Reg man has 75 per cent upgrade failure rate The official results of the Student Cluster Competition were revealed at the lavish SC11 Awards Gala, a luncheon held at the Seattle Sheraton. I was a little put out that I wasn’t invited for the lunch, but felt better after I got a good whiff of it. Besides, I was busy working to find exactly the right position from which to shoot video of the SCC winners hearing the news of their triumph. I needed to find a spot that would give me a both a good angle on the stage and the students sitting in the audience, plus good audio quality. I needed to do these things… but mostly didn’t. Still, it worked out fine. The reaction from the winning team and the congratulations they received from the other teams was priceless. Take a look – you’ll see what I mean. Keep in mind that this IS the big prize. There aren’t any scholarships, trophies, or any other material rewards. The real reward, according to the students, is what they’ve learned, the friendships they’ve made, and the experience of challenging themselves to excel. Everyone who participated won, and they were all pretty stoked about it. I’d still like to see a real crown or trophy, but maybe next year. ® Watch Video Sponsored: HPC and HPDA for the Cognitive Journey with OpenPOWER Tips and corrections More from The Register Undergrads build 12.6-TFLOPS cluster out of four nodes, 112 cores HPC Blog New student LINPACK record step 5 Comments Tegile gets IntelliFlash into a cluster duster Cloud Platform for private cloud Student cluster warriors build out 'roomy sedan' clusters HPC Blog Tianhe-2: Where's the manual - we wish we could RTFM Old fashioned engineering: HPC cluster kids would like to thank their fans. No really HPC Blog Gutsy overclockers set new record 2 Comments Nice cluster, kid. But can these supercomputing students actually predict the weather? HPC blog It's hard enough for the Met Office... 4 Comments Home team wins Asia student cluster competition HPC Blog HUST busts out Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile The need for comprehensive email security is greater than ever Email continues to be the most common attack vector by which networks are compromised and malware spread. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Spotlight Virtual reality is actually made of smartphones Brain plague or estate agents? I know which I'd prefer in Virtual Reality Self-stocking internet fridge faces a delivery come down My headset is reading my mind and talking behind my back Penetration tech: BAE Systems' new ammo for Our Boys and Girls Render crashing PCs back to their component silicon: They deserve it The return of (drone) robot wars: Beware of low-flying freezers Will AI spell the end of humanity? The tech industry wants you to think so Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video YANG: coming soon to a router near you IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH YANG: coming soon to a router near you Satya Nadella hits Sydney and channels Steve O'Ballmer from eight years ago Is that your television? Or a zero client running a virtual desktop? SpectraLogic SLACSS off to speed HPC archiving Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Gone in 70 seconds: Linux can be owned by holding Enter key If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets Twitter rolls out troll controls DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed Hardware Enterprise Tech Forecasting logon storms with desktop virtualisation Planning for bad weather 14 Dec 2011 at 17:12, Lucy Sherriff Lucy Sherriff Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Cloud, Nasa Recent Articles Six things you should know before you roll out Office 365 Windows Server 2012 kicks ass: discuss Commentards Ahoy! How about a Petabyte of storage? You the Expert For an IT manager, desktop virtualization is no bad thing, if only because it limits how badly a user can mess up his or her own settings. So if you are thinking that you could slim down your desktop hardware requirements and maybe keep track of everyone’s software upgrades more simply are there any downsides consequences it would pay to be aware of? There is no getting away from it: this will have an impact on your network and your storage requirements. But how, and what can you do to plan for it? Don’t ask us, we’re only journalists. That’s why we asked for your input. The author of the most interesting comment (either as voted for by you, or as determined unilaterally by us) would join our panel of genuine, still-in-original-packaging experts: Jim R Henrys, Intel Enterprise Solution Sales and Andrew Buss, service director at our friendly neighbourhood analyst house Freeform Dynamics. As ever, there was a lively debate. And that’s not a euphemism, honest. But we especially liked what Neil Spellings had to say, so we asked him to elaborate. Neil Spellings, Virtualisation Consultant Virtual Desktop Infrastructure (VDI) is often the straw that breaks the camels back when it comes to storage infrastructure. Desktop workloads are vastly different to server workloads and many companies who have utilised existing storage for VDI find it can now no longer cope. What are some of the causes? 1. Boot and logon storms. Most people will log into the virtual desktop in the morning and log out again at the end of the day. 2. AntiVirus. Most AntiVirus products are very storage-unfriendly having been written in the days when desktops had virtually unlimited write I/O to a local fast hard disc. 3. Read/Write ratio. Most storage and RAID configurations are fast for reads, and slow for writes. VDI presents a challenge for storage because at logon and boot time the disc I/O is predominantly read, whereas during “steady state” (i.e. the rest of the day) the I/O is predominantly writes. 4. Latency. Latency of storage I/O, especially when varying, has a much bigger user perception impact in a VDI environment. If your storage is fast one day, and slow the next, you’ll get complaints from users. 5. VDI isn’t P2V of the desktop. Many organisations just take their existing Windows 7 image, strip out the hardware-specific drivers, install the hypervisor tools and deployas their template VDI VM. Job done, right? Wrong. There are many configuration and software pitfalls that will cause unnecessary I/O, distorting your benchmarking and thus storage I/O requirements. OK so we know that VDI I/O requirements are going to be different, but are the only options upgrading your existing SAN or buying a new one? Of course, if you only speak to your storage vendor the answer will always be yes. But you do have alternatives. It’s becoming increasingly common to utilise inexpensive local storage and leave your expensive SAN/NAS untouched. Network-wise, the increased demand for storage bandwidth (if you aren't using local storage) may force you to upgrade existing Gigabit Ethernet cabling and switches to 10Gig Ethernet. And we know that isn’t going to be cheap. VDI is also 100 per cent network dependant, so having reliable WAN and Internet links is paramount. Latency can be an issue, but modern remoting protocols (HDX and RDP) are designed for this. Variable latency is a much bigger problem, as users will adapt to a consistent latency (even if its slower than before) but they will complain if it’s fast one minute and slow the next. There's no "offline working" scenario with hosted desktops, so multiple-resilient links are a must if you have business critical offices connecting to centralised VDI infrastructure. And they don't come cheap, either. Also, if you're delivering a "rich user experience" including videos on your VDI infrastructure over the WAN, then you might want to consider WAN acceleration and caching devices. How much you need to invest/upgrade will depend on the size of the organisation and the product sets you choose. It's a minefield, and can easily blow up in your face so be careful out there. Jim R Henrys, Intel Enterprise Solution Sales There are numerous forms of desktop virtualization but the two that obviously have the biggest impact on networking and/or storage are virtual desktop infrastructure (VDI) and application virtualization (App Streaming) as both models require centralized infrastructure that’s typically housed in a data center. Another way to consider asking the question is “From a capacity planning and sizing perspective what do I need to account for?” There are many variables to consider when working out the potential impact meaning that, unfortunately, there isn’t a straight forward answer. So where to begin? Well my advice is that you must first determine what is required in terms of an acceptable user experience and use this reference point to determine what is expected from the underlying infrastructure. Ultimately, IT exists to serve the needs of the business and the success of any virtualization initiative will be determined by how well the users rate the service they receive. So let’s begin by considering the network. Different usage models impact the network in varying degrees. For example, in the case of VDI, usages requiring graphical and multi-media capabilities will have greatest impact. Hence, a user requiring a full Windows 7 desktop aero experience with multimedia (including VOIP and video) is going to require much greater network bandwidth to achieve an acceptable experience than a much less sophisticated user running, say, a simple forms based application. In this instance mitigating strategies need to be considered – for example the use of Multi Media Redirect (MMR) capabilities in VDI which take advantage of client side compute capabilities to process media locally and reduce the burden on the network. Alternatively, in scenarios requiring media processing Application Virtualization, which again makes use of client side processing, can also be employed. Secondly, from a networking perspective, you need to develop an understanding of when peak loads, versus average loads, will occur on the network. For example, many users may begin their working day at the same time thus giving rise to Boot Storms and Logon Storms. Understanding and taking into account the different usage profiles is essential for your network architect to determine what is required in terms of network strategies such as cache sizes, cache locations and bandwidth in order to meet the throughput, performance and scalability levels needed. From a centralized storage perspective the need is to avoid I/O bottle necks to ensure the user experience is not compromised. The key here is to understand the IOPS characteristics (I/O Per Second) of the working environment. And further, the ratio of disk reads to disk writes of the IOPS during the working day. This ratio will change during boot up, logon, normal work rate and log off times. For example, in a VDI environment, booting and login of a Windows desktop will be high on disk reads, whereas a general working session can be high on disk writes, depending on the applications running. Again, understanding the profiles of heavy, medium and light users can help the storage architect determine the right approach to take with regards to factors such caching strategy and RAID level. In summary, in determining the impact of client virtualization on your network and storage infrastructure I’d advise you begin by profiling and determining what constitutes an acceptable user experience. Use this information to determine the right virtualization model for users. Take the time to read and understand the vendors sizing guides. And, above all, be sure to conduct a proof of concept / pilot that’s representative of the real world operating environment to ensure you avoid any unwelcome surprises. Andrew Buss, Service Director, Freeform Dynamics Desktop virtualisation is all about centralising the various aspects of client computing such as processing, data transfers and storage. Taking a previously highly distributed architecture and condensing it has the potential for a massive impact on both the network and storage infrastructure. Before any discussion can take place on the impact of desktop virtualisation on networking and storage, it is vital to recognise that there is no “one true virtual desktop” solution. Instead, there are several distinct types, such as shared server, dedicated blades or streamed desktops or applications. Each of these caters for a different need, and has a distinct effect on networking and storage. Trying to optimise for all of these can be as big a challenge as getting to grips with managing the “normal” desktop estate. First up is the impact on networks, which tend to be in place for many years and have reached a level of performance and reliability that mean they are largely invisible (even if the kneejerk response to many IT issues is to first blame the network). Networks have also developed into distinct architectures, with datacentre and campus environments catering for particular host types, applications and data flows. Moving to a virtual desktop solution can have a major impact on the network. A classic case with VDI is that data flows that used to be between client PC in the campus network and server in the datacentre are now concentrated within the datacentre. This can require a refresh of datacentre networking and may render prior investment in the campus network obsolete. Another issue is that desktop environments have become richer with uptake of content such as high definition sound and video. Far from cutting network traffic by moving to desktop virtualisation, this could begin to load up the network traffic again. And to throw more spanners in the works, with media content things like latency become important. Catering for this by implementing mechanisms like Quality of Service will up the cost and complexity of the network. It’s often difficult to tell how things will evolve at the start of the project. Best practice in this area is still developing. There are a few predictive tools that can help with modelling to give a general steer, but often it is going to be about a phased rollout with monitoring and management to ensure things are going to plan. In many cases, scoping for a “worst case” scenario would be advisable given the difficulties and expense of upgrading the network should it become necessary. This makes highlighting the importance of the network and securing funding vital for long-term success. Next up is storage, which is often a major unforeseen hidden cost behind desktop virtualisation. This is critical, because many desktop managers are not all that familiar with backend storage platforms. In many desktop virtualisation solutions, there is a doubling up on storage. Disks remain in the client machines, but storage is also required for the backend infrastructure. Server storage is usually a lot more expensive than for the client, so unless kept under control this can quickly cause the cost of desktop virtualisation projects to spiral. One of the traps to avoid falling into is assuming that it’s going to be possible to use an existing storage platform to handle the desktop virtualisation load and therefore avoid the investment and risk of acquiring a new storage platform purely for desktop virtualisation. Much of the feedback we’ve had from people who’ve tried this has been that it ends up being a major problem. It may be possible to use shared storage, but will require significant testing to confirm it. In most cases, there will be a need to budget for implementing a dedicated virtual desktop storage platform. The hit caused by having to invest in server grade storage can be steep, and therefore it pays to have a plan of action to keep this to a minimum. It doesn’t make sense to centralise client computing, and then have separate data stores for each PC. Therefore good control of the build and image process is needed. Rather than storing thousands of individual images that eat up space, a few master images can be used, with differences applied dynamically to make up each specific client image. Also, de-duplication technology and compression can reduce the space consumed still further. Above all though, investment in management tools and processes are critical. With desktop virtualisation, the workspace that users need to be productive becomes a service. Few users will accept a desktop virtualisation solution that is slow and unreliable, and this means that it needs to be proactively monitored to maintain service assurance. ® Sponsored: HPC and HPDA for the Cognitive Journey with OpenPOWER Tips and corrections 7 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile The need for comprehensive email security is greater than ever Email continues to be the most common attack vector by which networks are compromised and malware spread. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Spotlight Virtual reality is actually made of smartphones Brain plague or estate agents? I know which I'd prefer in Virtual Reality Self-stocking internet fridge faces a delivery come down My headset is reading my mind and talking behind my back Penetration tech: BAE Systems' new ammo for Our Boys and Girls Render crashing PCs back to their component silicon: They deserve it The return of (drone) robot wars: Beware of low-flying freezers Will AI spell the end of humanity? The tech industry wants you to think so Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
null
The all new CBS News App for Android® for iPad® for iPhone® Fully redesigned. Featuring CBSN, 24/7 live news. Get the App ╳ CBS News CBS Evening News CBS This Morning 48 Hours 60 Minutes Sunday Morning Face The Nation CBSN GO Log In Log In Join CBSNews.com Sign in with         CBSNews.com - Breaking News Video US World Politics Entertainment Health MoneyWatch SciTech Crime Sports Photos More Blogs Battleground The WH Web Shows 60 Overtime Face to Face Resources Mobile Radio Local In Depth CBS News Store AP October 25, 2016, 11:39 AM Gunmen still control minerals for smartphones, other gadgets In this 2012 file photo, a miner sifts through rocks to separate out cassiterite, the main ore that’s processed into tin, in the eastern Congo. A new report released Monday, Oct. 24, 2016, shows violent, armed groups still exert control over pick-and-shovel miners in the Democratic Republic of Congo. AP Photo/Marc Hofer Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email SAN FRANCISCO — Violent gunmen still menace pick-and-shovel miners in eastern Congo, a new report finds, despite years of efforts to loosen their grip by local reformers, Western activists and companies like Apple and Intel that use minerals from the African region in their products. Conditions are improving for miners who dig the ore that’s processed into tin, tungsten and tantalum for smartphones and other electronics, though some still face interference from armed groups. But slumping demand and depressed prices for those minerals have driven many workers to dig instead for gold that’s used in electronics, jewelry and other consumer products sold by Western companies. Play Video 60 Minutes Overtime "Joy in the Congo" on tour Since their 2012 introduction on 60 Minutes, Congo's Kimbanguist Symphony Orchestra has gained some notoriety, from L.A. to the U.K. Armed groups hold sway over mining sites where nearly two-thirds of Congo’s gold miners ply their trade. There, under threat of violence, workers are often forced to pay illegal “taxes” that support corrupt army units, rebel groups or unauthorized militias. Sometimes they’re conscripted into forced labor. Those are the findings of an extensive field survey by the International Peace Information Service, a Belgian nonprofit whose research is frequently cited by activist groups and policy advisers to European and Western officials. IPIS is releasing its findings Tuesday. The detailed report bolsters the recent observations of activists. “Things are slowly but surely changing,” said Holly Dranginis, a senior policy analyst at the Enough Project, a U.S.-based advocacy group. “But armed groups still benefit from gold, and they are wreaking havoc on communities that are near the mines.” Reign of violence IPIS has sent researchers, teamed with industry and government officials, to inspect more than 1,600 mining sites in Congo over the last four years. Nearly 240,000 people, mostly men but many supporting families, work as so-called artisanal (i.e. independent) miners at those sites. For decades, an assortment of armed rebels, homegrown gangs and corrupt army units have reigned over parts of eastern Congo, where many people live in poverty despite the rich mineral resources underground. These armed groups are known for terrorizing local residents through pillaging, forced labor and sexual assaults on women and girls. In recent years, Western activists have pressured corporations to stop using conflict minerals from areas controlled by armed groups, which profit from sales of those metals. The metals are used in a variety of products. But activists have particularly focused on makers of smartphones, computers and other electronic components, since they use large quantities of tantalum in electrical capacitors and tin as solder for circuit boards, along with smaller amounts of tungsten and gold in various components. More disclosure Human rights groups also persuaded the U.S. Congress to address the issue in the 2010 financial reform bill known as the Dodd-Frank Act. One section of the law requires corporations to file annual reports showing what they’ve done to determine if they’re using tin, tungsten, tantalum or gold from Congo or neighboring countries. Play Video 60 Minutes Overtime Producer finds musical "sweet spot" in the Congo Go to the heart of the Congo with a 60 Minutes producer as she finds the only all-black amateur symphony orchestra in the world Though it’s been three years since the reporting requirement took effect, most companies say they’re unable to trace all the minerals they use, since metals usually travel through complex supply chains that include mines, regional wholesalers, refiners and independent component-makers. Companies in some sectors, particularly computer and electronics manufacturers, are providing more information each year, according to researcher Chris Bayer, who reviewed company filings for the nonprofit Development International. But he said nearly two-thirds of the 981 companies from all industries that filed conflict mineral reports this year still didn’t identify the country of origin for all the minerals they used that are covered by the law. Still, activists and academics say the Dodd-Frank requirements have prompted companies to examine supply chains and underwrite audits by industry groups that pressure suppliers to stop buying from illegitimate sources. The audits and a tracking system devised by industry and Congo’s government are intended to certify that ore comes from mines free of armed interference. Silicon Valley ripples Silicon Valley’s Intel is one of very few companies to claim conflict-free status for its microprocessors and chipsets, citing audits of smelters in its supply chain. But Intel says it can’t be sure about other products it sells that contain components made elsewhere. Apple, which also requires its smelters to undergo audits, says it has no indication that any of its products contain minerals that benefit armed groups. But while Apple reports more information than most companies, it stops short of declaring its products “conflict-free” and says those audits may not be enough. Apple also does its own investigations, focusing particularly on gold because it’s susceptible to smuggling and weak oversight. Activists don’t want U.S. companies to simply stop using minerals from Congo, because that would hurt miners and their families. But some wholesalers have turned to sources elsewhere. And while the number of artisanal miners working in Congo has remained stable, IPIS estimates about 80 percent, or 193,000 workers, are now digging for gold. They produce about 12 tons of gold each year, worth about $437 million when sold at local trading sites. IPIS found 64 percent of gold miners working at sites controlled by armed groups - only a slight decline from 67 percent in 2010. Congolese army “taxes” More often than not, the gun-toting groups are units of the Congolese army, known as the FARDC. But the soldiers aren’t just there to keep the peace. IPIS found evidence that army units interfered with mining operations, usually by collecting unauthorized taxes, at two-thirds of the sites where they were present. 15 Photos Congo's Conflict Gold Other sites were under the control of armed militias, including a rebel group notorious for “looting, extortion, killing and sexual violence” in Congo’s Ituri district, IPIS reported. IPIS researcher Ken Matthysen, who co-authored the new report, estimates the vast majority of Congolese gold is exported outside legal channels. He said it’s smuggled into neighboring countries to disguise the true source, and then often exported to the United Arab Emirates. Industry officials say gold is extremely difficult to trace through layers of wholesalers, refiners and other middlemen. They also blame ongoing civil unrest in the DRC. “But that shouldn’t stop us,” said David Bouffard, vice president at Signet Jewelers, a leading retailer that says it works with auditors and industry groups to make sure it doesn’t use metal from conflict sources. “We have to help as much as we can.” Some improvements Meanwhile, about half the miners digging for tin, tungsten or tantalum ore in the Congo are working at sites covered by an industry inspection system. IPIS found 21 percent of 3T miners at sites under the control of armed groups. That’s a big improvement from 57 percent in 2010. But experts say the “tag and trace” system used for tracking 3T ore isn’t perfect. U.N. advisers reported last year that 3T minerals were still being smuggled from Eastern Congo into Rwanda. They also found a black market for altered or counterfeit tags. A separate report by the Enough Project found Congolese inspectors are poorly paid and susceptible to bribes. Tantalum mines in eastern Congo are still vulnerable to violence, according to the Enough Project. Its report cited an incident in January 2016 when a group of Congolese soldiers fired on civilian miners in the town of Rubaya, injuring nine people. © 2016 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Featured in SciTech 25 years of breathtaking Hubble Telescope images Since it was launched in 1990, the Hubble Space Telescope has sent us breathtaking images back from the deepest corners of space 11 species threatened by climate change As the world warms, many plants and animals are struggling to adapt Popular Most Popular 01 Commentary: The unbearable smugness of the press 1444486 views 02 Hiker crosses paths with Hillary Clinton on Chappaqua trail 1077057 views 03 President-elect Trump on immigrants he’ll deport 839185 views 04 60 Minutes interview: President-elect Donald Trump 620655 views 05 Will Donald Trump refuse to take a salary as president? 556291 views Play Video "Pushy Moms" Play Video Delta's bag tracking system Play Video Trump family security clearance Play Video Wildfires burn across South Play Video "Give Please a Chance" Previous Next 107 Photos Trump protests 48 Photos Warren Beatty 150 Photos Notable deaths in 2016 7 Photos Newspaper front pages tell story of shocking Trump win 33 Photos A crash course on Melania Trump Previous Next Most Discussed President-elect Trump on immigrants he’ll deport In a stunner, Donald Trump wins the presidency Trump transition: "stalled...scrambling...on pause" Commentary: The unbearable smugness of the press Thousands protest Trump victory across nation New Fire TV App CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Copyright © 2016 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. Search
null
Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine More Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About SECURITY Untitled-1 Follow Newsletter sign up Untitled-1 00/00 Super Mario Run is coming to iOS on December 15 Super Mario Run is coming to iOS on December 15 Mario 1 day ago Apple's $300 book contains 450 photos of Apple products Apple's $300 book contains 450 photos of Apple products Apple 5 items 1 day ago OnePlus launches its flagship phone upgrade, the OnePlus 3T OnePlus launches its flagship phone upgrade, the OnePlus 3T Smartphones 1 day ago The WIRED Gear of the Year 2016 special The WIRED Gear of the Year 2016 special Gear 1 day ago WhatsApp launches video calling for one billion people. Here's how to use it WhatsApp launches video calling for one billion people. Here's how to use it Whatsapp 1 day ago Pokémon Sun and Moon review - Pokémon's most powerful evolution yet Pokémon Sun and Moon review - Pokémon's most powerful evolution yet 9/10 Pokemon 1 day ago Need a repeat prescription on the NHS? This app removes the pain Need a repeat prescription on the NHS? This app removes the pain Health 1 day ago Facebook and Google ban fake news sites from ad networks Facebook and Google ban fake news sites from ad networks Facebook 1 day ago Marvel's Inhumans confirmed for TV series - but not movie Marvel's Inhumans confirmed for TV series - but not movie Marvel 1 day ago Google is bringing VR to one million UK school children Google is bringing VR to one million UK school children Google 1 day ago Apple may be developing Google Glass-like AR wearable Apple may be developing Google Glass-like AR wearable Apple 1 day ago Jaguar takes aim at Tesla with its all-electric I-Pace Concept SUV Jaguar takes aim at Tesla with its all-electric I-Pace Concept SUV Jaguar 1 day ago Guardians of the Galaxy game may be Telltale's secret Marvel project Guardians of the Galaxy game may be Telltale's secret Marvel project Guardians Of The Galaxy 1 day ago NHS email blunder catches 1.2 million staff in 'reply all' chaos NHS email blunder catches 1.2 million staff in 'reply all' chaos NHS 1 day ago This eye-tracking app could speed-up autism detection This eye-tracking app could speed-up autism detection Apps 1 day ago Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About Follow wired sign up to newsletter Top stories Super Mario Run is coming to iOS on December 15 Super Mario Run is coming to iOS on December 15 Mario 1 day ago Apple's $300 book contains 450 photos of Apple products Apple's $300 book contains 450 photos of Apple products Apple 5 items 1 day ago OnePlus launches its flagship phone upgrade, the OnePlus 3T OnePlus launches its flagship phone upgrade, the OnePlus 3T Smartphones 1 day ago The WIRED Gear of the Year 2016 special The WIRED Gear of the Year 2016 special Gear 1 day ago WhatsApp launches video calling for one billion people. Here's how to use it WhatsApp launches video calling for one billion people. Here's how to use it Whatsapp 1 day ago Pokémon Sun and Moon review - Pokémon's most powerful evolution yet Pokémon Sun and Moon review - Pokémon's most powerful evolution yet 9/10 Pokemon 1 day ago Need a repeat prescription on the NHS? This app removes the pain Need a repeat prescription on the NHS? This app removes the pain Health 1 day ago Facebook and Google ban fake news sites from ad networks Facebook and Google ban fake news sites from ad networks Facebook 1 day ago Marvel's Inhumans confirmed for TV series - but not movie Marvel's Inhumans confirmed for TV series - but not movie Marvel 1 day ago Google is bringing VR to one million UK school children Google is bringing VR to one million UK school children Google 1 day ago Apple may be developing Google Glass-like AR wearable Apple may be developing Google Glass-like AR wearable Apple 1 day ago Jaguar takes aim at Tesla with its all-electric I-Pace Concept SUV Jaguar takes aim at Tesla with its all-electric I-Pace Concept SUV Jaguar 1 day ago Guardians of the Galaxy game may be Telltale's secret Marvel project Guardians of the Galaxy game may be Telltale's secret Marvel project Guardians Of The Galaxy 1 day ago NHS email blunder catches 1.2 million staff in 'reply all' chaos NHS email blunder catches 1.2 million staff in 'reply all' chaos NHS 1 day ago This eye-tracking app could speed-up autism detection This eye-tracking app could speed-up autism detection Apps 1 day ago Security Meet the hottest security startups making the web a safer place to be CheckRecipient, an email scanning insider threat platform, won the pitching contest at this year's WIRED Security By Matt Burgess 25 Oct 2016 By Matt Burgess Tuesday 25 October 2016 Startup stage winner CheckRecipient's Abhirukt Sapru presenting on the WIRED Security mainstage Tiffany Lin ADVERTISEMENT In a lofty room on the 39th floor of the iconic Canary Wharf, 14 security startups joined a pitching contest to convince three expert judges they should win the contest and get to close the inaugural WIRED Security conference. Judging their performance on innovation, disruptiveness and how relevant the problems they were trying to solve were Ruth Anderson, director at KPMG, Gary Stewart, director of Wayra UK and Telefónica Open Future_ UK and Abdul Guefor, from Intel Capital. Read more Amber Rudd orders extradition of Lauri Love to US on hacking charges Amber Rudd orders extradition of Lauri Love to US on hacking charges By Ruby Lott-Lavigna Firms trying to win the judges' attention involved everything from those working with the blockchain to confirm identity to those developing algorithms to help prevent thefts in shops. Startups also ranged from those who have completed series A investments to those within a few months of forming. At the end of an intense day of pitching, following debate by the judges, CheckRecipient was crowned the winner of the stage and went on to present to the main WIRED Security audience. CheckRecipient ADVERTISEMENT Read more 339 million Adult Friend Finder accounts exposed in data breach 339 million Adult Friend Finder accounts exposed in data breach By Matt Burgess Sensitive emails being mismanaged or sent to the wrong person can be costly – ask this London HIV clinic. In May, 56 Dean Street was fined £180,000 by the Information Commissioner's Office after it accidentally sent private patient details, including information that could identify individuals, to the clinic's other patients. CheckRecipient wants to minimise insider threats and stop hapless employees sending private company information to the world. Tim Sadler, the firm's CEO, describes employee mistakes as being a "huge problem". As a result, the firm, which won the startup stage, has developed a machine learning platform to stop users hitting "send" too soon (or at all). It focuses on four areas: misaddressed emails, intellectual property theft, auditing, and the creation of custom rules. ADVERTISEMENT Read more WhatsApp beefs up security by trialling two-step authentication WhatsApp beefs up security by trialling two-step authentication By Victoria Woollaston With no sales manager or marketing team, Sadler and his head of business development, Abhirukt Sapru, have installed their product at some of the UK's largest law firms and say its first FTSE100 install is on the way. The CheckRecipient platform works by scanning all of an employee's emails and creating a social graph of who they frequently communicate with. Each time an email is written, the software checks the recipient. Sadler says emails are checked in "sub 100 milliseconds" and the machine learning used to scan emails is "understandable to the end user". When an email is going to be sent to a person the sender doesn't usually communicate with, a warning will be flashed-up on screen, which is intended to stop the message from being sent or at the very least highlight a potential problem. Intruder Read more More than 1,000 UK schools found to be monitoring children with surveillance software More than 1,000 UK schools found to be monitoring children with surveillance software By Matt Burgess Chris Wallis' concept is simple but effective. His company, Intruder, scans computer networks and providers alerts to customers when it spots "weaknesses" hackers could exploit. The CEO says his cloud-based system is always on, runs daily checks for new problems, and can send emails or texts to users if one is detected. Wallis added that the company runs penetration tests and provides notifications to its customers in an easy to understand way. The beauty behind the system is that the system, as it is notification-based, can be used by those without dedicated security teams. Yoti Bouncers trying to check the ID of those going into nightclubs have a tough job, Ben Southworth from Yoti explained during his pitch. The firm – which stands for Your Digital Identity – is trying to solve this by building a "trusted identity system". As such, his team has created a form of ID verification that is "provably linked to a piece of government data". Read more Take back your data: how Telefónica is on a quest to return our information Take back your data: how Telefónica is on a quest to return our information By WIRED Insider Using the Yoti app, it's possible to scan, with an Android device, an RFID passport and connect it to facial recognition data. The app let's its early adopters use their face instead of passwords and lets them confirm who they are talking to. Away from spotting underage drinkers, Southworth says it can be used to verify payments over £15,000. iProov iProov is trying to use biometric markers (namely your face) to prove who you are. But there are three challenges, according to founder Andrew Bud, that need to be overcome for facial recognition to be a success: verification, forgery, and replay. "The challenge is the face is a public credential," he told the startup stage audience – meaning it's easy to take freely available information and recreate models of the face. Read more Tesco Bank refunds £2.5 million to 9,000 customers after attack Tesco Bank refunds £2.5 million to 9,000 customers after attack By Matt Burgess Using patented Flashmark technology, the firm has created a quick and easy-to-use app that verifies a person's face. Bud claims nobody has been able to crack the technology and the app creates a "chain of trust" for customers and organisations using it. It is already being used in finance, healthcare, and government scenarios. Vchain Technology Tiffany Lin "What this creates is a little bit more accountability in the world," said Irra Ariella Khi, the CEO and co-founder of Vchain Technology – one of the youngest startups pitching in the contest. In a confident pitch, the entrepreneur explained how her firm is creating an 'unhackable,' 'insightful,' and 'accountable' identity validation system using blockchain technology. Read more NHS trust up and running again after virus hits IT systems NHS trust up and running again after virus hits IT systems By James Temperton With advisors from Bank of England, Ethereum, Oxford University, and the former US cyber crimes prosecutor, the firm ties a valid form of identification – a passport, for example – to the blockchain to ensure details are on the record ("blockchain use tells us who you are"). This, Khi said, can be used by airports and airlines to ensure a person is who they say they are and when they aren't, allow a "warning to be passed on to someone who needs it". Panaseer As one of the biggest startups in the pitching contest, Panaseer did not fail to impress. CEO Nik Whitfield outlined the firm's big data platform that lets companies analyse their security status with a quick overview. Read more The government pledges to 'damage, disrupt and destroy' cyberattackers who target the UK The government pledges to 'damage, disrupt and destroy' cyberattackers who target the UK By Matt Burgess The firm's platform lets companies "gain continuous, joined-up visibility of business risk" from cyber vulnerabilities. Whitfield explained that his firm has created a platform that isn't a "big heavyweight, siloed application". Codebashing Codebashing is making cyber security a game for developers. Using a game-like platform, the firm is teaching those developing websites and applications the best practices for their code. The idea: to write more secure software. With just three people in the team, CEO John Yeo said the firm has taken more than £750,000 worth of sales after starting trading in January 2016 – with under 20 customers. One early success included the on-demand food service Just Eat. Read more Snooper's Charter is nearly law: how the Investigatory Powers Bill will affect you Snooper's Charter is nearly law: how the Investigatory Powers Bill will affect you By Matt Burgess The Codebashing platform gives developers live code walkthroughs; presents vulnerabilities that need to be fixed and provides them through an e-learning platform. Yeo says it will have one of its biggest customers being introduced in the coming months. Cyberlytic "Building walls higher and thicker doesn't stop web-based attacks," said Cyberlytic CEO Stuart Laidlaw. His firm, based in London and Belfast, uses semi-supervised machine learning to provide a real-time risk assessment of cyberattacks. Laidlaw said it takes, on average, 205 days before a company that his been hit by a cyberattack realises it: take, Yahoo for example. As a result, he said the machine learning platforms – which include a profiler, automated defences, and capture the flag scenarios – can let companies know about breaches within "seconds". Read more The top Android security apps to keep your phone and tablet safe The top Android security apps to keep your phone and tablet safe By Amelia Heathman Fabric Kerri-Lynn Hauck's Fabric has built an end-to-end encrypted video calling platform for the enterprise. But it isn't in a rush. She says time and partnerships are the most important thing for the company at the moment. Working alongside two "blue chip billion dollar companies," the company is still developing its platform, which will be seen in 2018. She said Fabric is able to build secure voice calls that can be enabled at the press of a button and let companies talk privately with their clients or colleagues. It's encrypted and compliant, Hauck says. Read more WhatsApp beats Telegram to be crowned the most secure messaging app WhatsApp beats Telegram to be crowned the most secure messaging app By Liat Clark DynaRisk Enterprises may be protecting themselves from cyberattacks but individuals aren't doing enough. "People have no idea how to protect themselves," founder Andrew Martin said. DynaRisk is trying to change this. Martin and his colleagues have developed a 'personal cyber risk assessment' that looks at an individual's online presence and provides them with ways to change it. Having just appointed Adrian Leppard, the former City of London police commissioner as an advisor, the firm is selling its risk assessment to insurers, banks and large corporates. The thought behind this? When a customer takes out a cyber insurance policy they can get a risk assessment, and by making improvements, get a discount on their plans. ThirdEye Labs Using deep learning, Raz Ghafoor is scanning CCTV cameras to help security guards track down thieves. The problem is a big one: in 2015 retailers lost £613m to theft. Current systems involve security staff sitting in front of multiple video feeds, trying to watch them all at once. "We can build something better than this," Ghafoor said. His platform uses computer vision to scan environments and pick out those committing crimes. Only the most important movements are shown to the watcher. Away from security purposes, he explained that the methods can be used in Alzheimers wards to track patients. EclecticIQ While AI may be able to do many things, it isn't the complete answer, argued Ionut Ionescu, the vice president of solutions at EclecticIQ. He believes a computer and human-based threat monitoring system is best as there will always be things a person can do better than code. "Our system is hoping to empower the analyst," he said. "We believe the analyst still has a central role and shouldn't be replaced". The firm's threat intelligence platform allows users to "consolidate, analyse, integrate and collaborate" on data from multiple sources. Eclectic brings in feed management from multiple sources and adds external data, pattern recognition, collaboration and more. Torsion Information Security Tiffany Lin Like startup stage winners CheckRecipient, Torsion looks to stop security breaches that come from within companies. Founder and CEO Peter Bradley explained that his firm is taking an approach that stops users accessing files they shouldn't be able to. Bradley said customers provide details about why a colleague needs access to a document when it is shared with them. This can then be combined with HR data. By controlling who has access to specific documents reduces the risk somebody will accidentally share it or steal it and sell it to third parties. The firm allows control of documents to be limited and shows who has access to what, Bradley added. ADVERTISEMENT SpearSec Tiffany Lin Edward Myung has a problem with phishing emails. He hasn't been targeted by them but is trying to stop those that hit companies from getting through their systems and costing businesses thousands of pounds. As such, SpearSec was created to "implement a culture of continuous improvement" within firms and stop them from being hit by sophisticated attacks. The company trains employees to spot phishing emails and then provide monitoring reports on how aware people are. But, more impressively, it runs industry-specific phishing campaigns that try to trick staff members into being conned. A vulnerability score is created for an entire organisation and individual members within it. Share this article RECOMMENDED 3D-printed rhino horns will be 'ready in two years' – but could they make poaching worse? 3D-printed rhino horns will be 'ready in two years' – but could they make poaching worse? By Katie Collins Conservation 07 Oct 2016 GCHQ launches cyber security accelerator with Wayra GCHQ launches cyber security accelerator with Wayra By Matt Burgess GCHQ 26 Sep 2016 How artificial intelligence is set to revolutionise driving How artificial intelligence is set to revolutionise driving Innovation Awards 21 Jun 2016 Want to be a GCHQ spy? Play this game Want to be a GCHQ spy? Play this game By Cara McGoogan Hacking 01 Oct 2015 Privacy policy and cookie statement Terms & conditions Careers Contact © Condé Nast UK 2016

Home News Local News Crime Mug Shots Call 4 Action Photo Galleries National News International Politics Decision 2016 Religion Featured Stories New York Business Health Entertainment Hollywood Today Live What’s Trending Traffic Orlando Shootings Break Out Wake Up! Weather Today’s Forecast 7-Day Forecast Radar Current Conditions Satellite Weather Blog Fall Foliage Free Weather App Alerts Closings Marine Forecast Canada News 4 Investigates Investigations Inside The Epidemic Your Food Dicey Dining Sports Buffalo Bills News 4 in London Buffalo Sabres UB Bulls Buffalo Bandits Buffalo Bisons High School Scholar Athletes Super Bowl 50 Report It Watch Live Watch News 4 Now The CW23 TV Listings More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Healthy Living Company Listings Events Calendar Contests Community Fun 4 Families Staff Bios Careers Broadcast Scholarship Fall Festivals Company Listings 36° F Overcast Hi: 56° F Lo: 45° F Today’s Forecast Radar 7-Day Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Crime Mug Shots Call 4 Action Photo Galleries National News International Politics Decision 2016 Religion Featured Stories New York Business Health Entertainment Hollywood Today Live What’s Trending Traffic Orlando Shootings Break Out Wake Up! Latest Headlines Utah school stabbing leaves 5 injured, school startled Updated: 10 mins ago OREM, Utah (AP) — High school junior Karen Martinez was arriving for her first class when she saw three boys run from a locker room toward t… Philippine president wants to be friends with Trump, Putin Updated: 10 mins ago MANILA, Philippines (AP) — The Philippine president, who has been hostile to Barack Obama for criticizing his deadly anti-drug crackdown, ha… Police: Pizza shop customer shoots 2 robbers, killing 1 Updated: 18 mins ago DIY breast reconstruction: Device lets women do part at home Updated: 10 mins ago AP Top U.S. News at 2:11 a.m. EST Updated: 10 mins ago Weather Weather Today’s Forecast 7-Day Forecast Radar Current Conditions Satellite Weather Blog Fall Foliage Free Weather App Alerts Closings Marine Forecast Canada Current Conditions 36° F Overcast Feels Like: 32° F Wind: SSE 5 Humidity: 79% Dewpoint: 30° F Sunrise: 7:07 AM Sunset: 4:51 PM Buffalo Weather Forecast 7-Day Currently Buffalo Radar Sponsored by: News 4 Investigates News 4 Investigates Investigations Inside The Epidemic Your Food Dicey Dining Latest Headlines Agents in the air help protect the border November 15, 2016 Special Report Look up the next you visit one of Western New York’s landmarks, and there’s a chance you’ll see federal agents in the air. U.S. Customs and … Love Canal lawsuits continue 40 years later October 31, 2016 The fight over one of America’s worst hazardous waste sites may be far from over. Nearly forty years after tons of toxic waste poisoned part… WNY Family fighting for domestic violence registry October 5, 2016 EPA plans next phase of creek clean-up September 7, 2016 State audit critical of nursing home enforcement procedures August 10, 2016 Sports Sports Buffalo Bills News 4 in London Buffalo Sabres UB Bulls Buffalo Bandits Buffalo Bisons High School Scholar Athletes Super Bowl 50 Latest Headlines Florida A&M beats Trinity Baptist 94-62. Updated: 37 mins ago TALLAHASSEE, Fla. (AP) — Craig Bowman made three 3-pointers and scored 16 points, Desmond Williams had 14 points and eight rebounds, and Flo… No. 7 Kansas beats No. 1 Duke 77-75 on jumper with 1.3 left Updated: 37 mins ago NEW YORK (AP) — Kansas had already gone through a tough loss this season, falling in overtime to Indiana in Honolulu. On Tuesday night the J… Hawkinson has 18 points, 12 boards in Washington State’s win Updated: 37 mins ago Frosh Markkanen lifts No. 10 Arizona to difficult win Updated: 17 mins ago Stanford beats CS Northridge in Jerod Haase’s home debut 1:14 am Report It Watch Live Watch News 4 Now The CW23 TV Listings More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Healthy Living Company Listings Events Calendar Contests Community Fun 4 Families Staff Bios Careers Broadcast Scholarship Fall Festivals Company Listings Search for: Search the site 36° F Overcast Hi: 56° F Lo: 45° F Report: Gunmen still control metals mined for modern gadgets BRANDON BAILEY, The Associated Press Published: October 25, 2016, 12:48 am Updated: October 25, 2016, 11:28 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Violent gunmen still menace pick-and-shovel miners in eastern Congo, a new report finds, despite years of efforts to loosen their grip by local reformers, Western activists and companies like Apple and Intel that use minerals from the African region in their products. Conditions are improving for miners who dig the ore that’s processed into tin, tungsten and tantalum for smartphones and other electronics, though some still face interference from armed groups. But slumping demand and depressed prices for those minerals have driven many workers to dig instead for gold that’s used in electronics, jewelry and other consumer products sold by Western companies. Armed groups hold sway over mining sites where nearly two-thirds of Congo’s gold miners ply their trade. There, under threat of violence, workers are often forced to pay illegal “taxes” that support corrupt army units, rebel groups or unauthorized militias. Sometimes they’re conscripted into forced labor. Those are the findings of an extensive field survey by the International Peace Information Service, a Belgian nonprofit whose research is frequently cited by activist groups and policy advisers to European and Western officials. IPIS is releasing its findings today. The detailed report bolsters the recent observations of activists. “Things are slowly but surely changing,” said Holly Dranginis, a senior policy analyst at the Enough Project, a U.S.-based advocacy group. “But armed groups still benefit from gold, and they are wreaking havoc on communities that are near the mines.” REIGN OF VIOLENCE IPIS has sent researchers, teamed with industry and government officials, to inspect more than 1,600 mining sites in Congo over the last four years. Nearly 240,000 people, mostly men but many supporting families, work as so-called artisanal (i.e., independent) miners at those sites. For decades, an assortment of armed rebels, homegrown gangs and corrupt army units have reigned over parts of eastern Congo, where many people live in poverty despite the rich mineral resources underground. These armed groups are known for terrorizing local residents through pillaging, forced labor and sexual assaults on women and girls. In recent years, Western activists have pressured corporations to stop using conflict minerals from areas controlled by armed groups, which profit from sales of those metals. The metals are used in a variety of products. But activists have particularly focused on makers of smartphones, computers and other electronic components, since they use large quantities of tantalum in electrical capacitors and tin as solder for circuit boards, along with smaller amounts of tungsten and gold in various components. MORE DISCLOSURE Human rights groups also persuaded the U.S. Congress to address the issue in the 2010 financial reform bill known as the Dodd-Frank Act. One section of the law requires corporations to file annual reports showing what they’ve done to determine if they’re using tin, tungsten, tantalum or gold from Congo or neighboring countries. Though it’s been three years since the reporting requirement took effect, most companies say they’re unable to trace all the minerals they use, since metals usually travel through complex supply chains that include mines, regional wholesalers, refiners and independent component-makers. Companies in some sectors, particularly computer and electronics manufacturers, are providing more information each year, according to researcher Chris Bayer, who reviewed company filings for the nonprofit Development International. But he said nearly two-thirds of the 981 companies from all industries that filed conflict mineral reports this year still didn’t identify the country of origin for all the minerals they used that are covered by the law. Still, activists and academics say the Dodd-Frank requirements have prompted companies to examine supply chains and underwrite audits by industry groups that pressure suppliers to stop buying from illegitimate sources. The audits and a tracking system devised by industry and Congo’s government are intended to certify that ore comes from mines free of armed interference. SILICON VALLEY RIPPLES Silicon Valley’s Intel is one of very few companies to claim conflict-free status for its microprocessors and chipsets, citing audits of smelters in its supply chain. But Intel says it can’t be sure about other products it sells that contain components made elsewhere. Apple, which also requires its smelters to undergo audits, says it has no indication that any of its products contain minerals that benefit armed groups. But while Apple reports more information than most companies, it stops short of declaring its products “conflict-free” and says those audits may not be enough. Apple also does its own investigations, focusing particularly on gold because it’s susceptible to smuggling and weak oversight. Activists don’t want U.S. companies to simply stop using minerals from Congo, because that would hurt miners and their families. But some wholesalers have turned to sources elsewhere. And while the number of artisanal miners working in Congo has remained stable, IPIS estimates about 80 percent, or 193,000 workers, are now digging for gold. They produce about 12 tons of gold each year, worth about $437 million when sold at local trading sites. IPIS found 64 percent of gold miners working at sites controlled by armed groups — only a slight decline from 67 percent in 2010. CONGOLESE ARMY “TAXES” More often than not, the gun-toting groups are units of the Congolese army, known as the FARDC. But the soldiers aren’t just there to keep the peace. IPIS found evidence that army units interfered with mining operations, usually by collecting unauthorized taxes, at two-thirds of the sites where they were present. Other sites were under the control of armed militias, including a rebel group notorious for “looting, extortion, killing and sexual violence” in Congo’s Ituri district, IPIS reported. IPIS researcher Ken Matthysen, who co-authored the new report, estimates the vast majority of Congolese gold is exported outside legal channels. He said it’s smuggled into neighboring countries to disguise the true source, and then often exported to the United Arab Emirates. Industry officials say gold is extremely difficult to trace through layers of wholesalers, refiners and other middlemen. They also blame ongoing civil unrest in the DRC. “But that shouldn’t stop us,” said David Bouffard, vice president at Signet Jewelers, a leading retailer that says it works with auditors and industry groups to make sure it doesn’t use metal from conflict sources. “We have to help as much as we can.” SOME IMPROVEMENTS Meanwhile, about half the miners digging for tin, tungsten or tantalum ore in the Congo are working at sites covered by an industry inspection system. IPIS found 21 percent of 3T miners at sites under the control of armed groups. That’s a big improvement from 57 percent in 2010. But experts say the “tag and trace” system used for tracking 3T ore isn’t perfect. U.N. advisers reported last year that 3T minerals were still being smuggled from Eastern Congo into Rwanda. They also found a black market for altered or counterfeit tags. A separate report by the Enough Project, a human rights group, found Congolese inspectors are poorly paid and susceptible to bribes. Tantalum mines in eastern Congo are still vulnerable to violence, according to the Enough Project. Its report cited an incident in January 2016 when a group of Congolese soldiers fired on civilian miners in the town of Rubaya, injuring nine people. ___ Online: The IPIS report and interactive map can be found at: http://ipisresearch.be/publication/analysis-interactive-map-artisanal-mining-areas-eastern-dr-congo-2/ You can follow Brandon Bailey at https://twitter.com/BrandonBailey or find his reporting at http://www.bigstory.ap.org/journalist/brandon-bailey Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WIVB.com provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Note: Comments containing links are not allowed. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Special Report Agents in the air help protect the border November 15, 2016 Special Report Look up the next you visit one of Western New York’s landmarks, and there’s a chance you’ll see federal agents in the air. U.S. Customs and … Latest Stories Trending Stories Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WIVB News 4 Buffalo, NY © 2000-2016 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections Local News Weather Investigative Sports Report It Watch News 4 Live Station Contact Us Send a Birthday Photo Advertise Careers Internship Application Broadcast Scholarship Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s TV Programming Report More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Calendar Contests Community Staff Bios Our Partners CW23 WNLO Media General CBS CNN Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Sections Sections Top Stories Video Election U.S. World Entertainment Health Tech Lifestyle Money Investigative Sports Good News Weather Photos Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week Live Live Live Look: Stargazer Ranch Alpaca Cam Live Look at the Old Faithful Geyser in Yellowstone National Park Live Look at the Beach Surf From Cape May, NJ Live Look at the Atlantic Coast in Gloucester, MA From the Bass Rocks Ocean Inn Local Local New York City Los Angeles Chicago Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno More abc.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com theundefeated.com Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2016 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In Election U.S. World Entertainment Health Tech … … Health Tech Lifestyle Money Investigative Sports Good News Topics Weather Photos More ABCNews Cities Cities New York City New York City Los Angeles Los Angeles Chicago Chicago Philadelphia Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno Fresno Partner Sites Partner Sites abc.com abc.com espn.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com disney.com theundefeated.com theundefeated.com Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2016 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week Live Video #DonaldTrump Jonathan Ernst/Reuters Giuliani Could Be Next Secretary of State Nov 15 Trump Receives 1st Presidential Daily Brief Trump Says Electoral College 'Genius' After Calling It 'Disaster' Top Stories My Stories DHS: Holidays Could Be Target for Terrorists Trump Leaves Press Behind to Dine With Family Pence Removes Lobbyists From Transition Team: Aide West Virginia Mayor Resigns After Post on Michelle Obama Hundreds Hospitalized, Arrests Made in Southeast Wildfires Airline Worker Dead in Oklahoma Airport Shooting Junior Staffer Asked for Clearances for Trump Kids Google, Facebook Move to Block Fake News House Democrats Delay Leadership Elections Russia Launches Offensive in Syria The Daily Rewind Recap the day with these handpicked stories from ABC News 01 Play ABCNews.com President Obama Weighs In on Donald Trump's Presidency The 44th president spoke to reporters during a briefing at the White House and offered his thoughts on the transition to Trump's administration. #BarackObama Nov 15 02 Play ABCNews.com Students Stage Anti-Trump Protests in DC, New York Anti-Trump protests continued for a seventh straight day in large cities throughout the country. #DonaldTrump Nov 15 03 Play ABCNews.com Megyn Kelly's New Book Reveals Encounters With Donald Trump and Roger Ailes Kelly visits "GMA" to discuss her memoir, "Settle for More," which reveals her rocky relationships with Trump and Ailes, her former boss. #DonaldTrump Nov 15 04 Play WABC New York Apartments to Drop Trump Name The Trump Place apartment complex is about to drop the president-elect's name. #DonaldTrump Nov 15 05 Play ABCNews.com Thousands of Turtles Released in Peru Workers from the National Service of Areas Protected by the State (SERNANP) released small turtles in danger of extinction into rivers and lakes. Nov 15 #BarackObama Simela Pantzartzi/Pool Photo via EPA Obama Says He Knew Americans Were Angry Before Election Nov 15 Obama, Conceding No Fault, Struggles to Explain Trump's Rise #IvankaTrump Evan Vucci/AP Photo Ivanka Trump Brand 'Making Adjustments' After Promoting Bracelet Worn During Interview Nov 15 Sources: 3 NBA teams stop staying at Trump-brand hotels in NYC and Chicago Judge to Mull Latest Request to Delay Trump University Trial #DonaldTrump Kirk Irwin/Getty Images Why Trump's Appointment of Steve Bannon Has Raised Alarms Nov 15 GOP Lawmakers Struggle to Respond as Democrats Denounce Bannon Hire #Elections Steve Helber/AP Photo Over 400 Reports of Harassment and Intimidation Post-Election: SPLC Nov 15 Refuse to Hide: Muslim Americans on Trump's Election, Hate Crimes Anti-Muslim Hate Crimes Up 67 Percent, FBI Says #SandyHook Connecticut State Police/Getty Images Newtown Families Appeal Dismissal of Suit Against Gun Company Nov 15 Prosecutors Nix Deal With Star Witness in Federal Drug Trial 6 Minnesota Men Sentenced in Islamic State Case #DonaldTrump Play ABCNews.com Police Practices: What Will Trump Do? Nov 9 Gun Control: What Will Trump Do? Cybersecurity: What Will Trump Do? Politics #DonaldTrump Judge to Mull Latest Request to Delay Trump University Trial #ClimateChange Trump Will Change Views on Climate Change: UN Secretary General Mayors of Sanctuary Cities Say They'll Fight Trump's Plans #DonaldTrump 5 Takeaways From Donald Trump's '60 Minutes' Interview #DonaldTrump Trump Tells Putin He Wants 'Strong' Relationship With Russia #DonaldTrump Trump Starting to Sound Like Obama on Immigration #DonaldTrump Could Trump Really Dismantle the Iran Nuke Deal? #DemocraticParty Minnesota Rep. Keith Ellison Announces Bid for DNC Chair #DonaldTrump Is Trump's Tough Plan on Immigration Cracking? #DonaldTrump Trump Chief of Staff Defends Steve Bannon as a 'Very, Very Smart Person' #DonaldTrump ANALYSIS: Priebus, Bannon Appointments Point Toward Split Approach to Trump Presidency #DonaldTrump Oprah Winfrey Explains Positive Donald Trump, Obama Tweet Lawyers File Motion to Delay Trump University Trial #DonaldTrump Trump Names Reince Priebus as Chief of Staff, Steve Bannon as Senior Adviser #DonaldTrump Trump's Views Appeal to Americans Looking for 'Common Sense' #Elections Van Jones, Mary Matalin Get into Heated Exchange Over Race in 2016 Election More News 3 More Children Investigated for Rare Neurological Disease Wary of Trump Immigration Threat, NY May Erase ID Card Data Paul Ryan Poised to Remain Speaker Final 3 Minnesotans to Be Sentenced in Islamic State Case 5 Utah Students Stabbed in Boy's Locker Room; Teen Detained Murder Suspect Who Escaped via Open Door Caught US Must Respect Climate Deal, France Warns Tens of Thousands of Dead Fish Turn Up in Bay San Francisco Votes to Cap Short-Term Rentals School Bus Driver Scolded for Favoring Trump Supporters ABC News Megyn Kelly 'Wrestled' With Whether to Come Forward About Roger Ailes Nov 15 Covering Trump 'Was a Test of Me,' Megyn Kelly Says #DakotaAccessPipeline John Rudoff/Polaris Dakota Access Pipeline Co. Seeks Court Order to Complete Construction Nov 15 Anti-Trump Protests Across the Country #DonaldTrump Student Protesters Take Over Pennsylvania Avenue, Shut Down the Lincoln Monument #DonaldTrump Students Stage Anti-Trump Protests in DC, New York #DonaldTrump Protests Erupt After Donald Trump's Presidential Projection #DonaldTrump Civil War Monuments Vandalized in Richmond, Va. #DonaldTrump Anti-Donald Trump Protesters March Through New York City #DonaldTrump Anti-Donald Trump Protesters March Through Chicago #DonaldTrump Thousands Across the US Protest Donald Trump's Election Victory #DonaldTrump Thousands Across US Protest President-Elect Trump #DonaldTrump Trump Supporters and Protesters Mix Outside White House High School Students Near San Francisco Stage Anti-Trump Walkout Americans Protest Trump Election Around the Country Anti-Trump Protests Erupt for Second Night More News Lawyer Blames Nonexistent Man for Crash US, Philippine Special Forces Set to Hold Joint Drills Chili's Removes Manager Who Took Away Vet's Meal Benjamin Franklin's Gravestone Develops Crack Trump Team Denies Security Clearances Sought for Kids Will Anti-Trump Marches Become a Movement? Autopsy Shows Keith Lamont Scott Was Shot in Back Georgia Dad Found Guilty in Son's Hot-Car Death Twitter Expands Fight Against Abuse Woman Arrested in Death of Twin in Cliff Crash Courtesy of Meaghan Elderkin Mom Draws Napkin Art of Strong Women to Inspire Daughter After Election Nov 15 #Thanksgiving ABC 10 KXTV Turkey Rescued From Becoming Thanksgiving Dinner Is Now a Pet Nov 15 'Miracle on the Hudson' Survivor Gives Back to Families on Thanksgiving Emeril Lagasse's Thanksgiving Pie Recipes Ballyglass Coast Guard Unit Mystery Boat Washed Ashore on Irish Coast, Clues Point to Canadian Drift Nov 15 M. Phillips/Getty Images for The Lippin Group Steve Harvey Pays Tribute to Late Bernie Mac Nov 15 Mark Ashman/Disney Parks/Getty Images Kelly Clarkson Considers Retirement 'All the Time' Nov 15 Prince Harry Jams With Choir Promoting HIV Awareness Now You Can Visit the Rolling Stones' 1962 Apartment #UKRoyals Peter Nicholls - WPA Pool/Getty Images Prince Harry Jams With Choir Promoting HIV Awareness Nov 15 Jessica Simpson's Father Joe Diagnosed With Prostate Cancer Heidi Gutman/Bravo/NBCU Photo Bank via Getty Images Teresa Giudice Explains Why She Hates to Talk About Husband's Possible Deportation Nov 14 Play ABCNews.com Koala Makes Taxing Trip to Accountant's Office The koala raised eyebrows and drew laughs after strolling into an accounting office in Australia. Up Next: Play Cows Stranded by New Zealand Quake Rescued Rachel Murray/Getty Images Gwen Stefani Thanks Blake Shelton for 'Kissing Me Back to Life' Nov 15 Review: A Tribe Called Quest's New Album Is 'Game-Changing Record for the Ages' Trisha Yearwood Hopes New Duet Album With Garth Brooks Is 1st of Many #DWTS Eric McCandless/ABC 'DWTS' Laurie Hernandez Talks Grandmother's Death Nov 15 Terra Jolé on 'DWTS' Elimination: 'It Was a Great Night' Kelsey Grammer Welcomes His 7th Child Vivien Killilea/Getty Images Adrienne Bailon Marries Singer Israel Houghton Nov 12 In Case You Missed It Celebrating Friendsgiving, a Thanksgiving Party for Friends Trash Man Finds Treasure With a Toddler Fan #Disney Backstage at Walt Disney World Holiday Services Statistics Professor Wins $100K Lottery #Disney Backstage at Walt Disney World Holiday Services Singing Cashier Gets Surprise Message From Maxwell Inviting Him Onstage Dog Owners Join Walnut the Dog in Final Walk on the Beach 'Mrs. Doubtfire' House Sold for $4.15 Million Meet the Woman on the Verge of Visiting Every Nation in the World #VeteransDay Navy Family Celebrates Veterans Day Weekend With Inspiring Photo Twins' Daylight Saving Time Birth Results in Bizarre Age Twist #VeteransDay Army Helicopter Becomes Art But Also Heals Veterans #Disney Disney 14 Things to Know About Disney's 'Moana' Before You See It Nov 14 'Beauty and the Beast' Trailer Premieres LucasFilm Ltd. Carrie Fisher Reveals 'Intense' Harrison Ford Affair Nov 15 Dwayne Johnson Named People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive Final 5 Nominees for AMA Artist of the Year Revealed Jeff Vespa/Getty Images for Glamour Caitlyn Jenner Poses With Bono Nov 15 Tori Spelling Cradles Her Baby Bump Martin Scorsese and Katey Sagal Share a Laugh Back To Top Sections U.S. World Politics Weird News Investigative Health Entertainment Sports Money Technology Travel Recipes News Topics Live Blog Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight with David Muir Nightline World News Now & America This Morning This Week with George Stephanopoulos 20/20 Primetime What Would You Do? ABC.com Tools iPad App Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube Press Releases RSS Headlines Site Map About Contact Us Feedback Advertising Terms of Use Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads ABC News Store Authors List Go.com Terms of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Feedback External links are provided for reference purposes. ABC News is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites. Copyright © 2016 ABC News Internet Ventures. Yahoo! - ABC News Network
Home News Traffic map Local News NC News National International Politics Check This Out What’s Next Education #Brake4Buses Entertainment WNCN News App Safe Drive Pledge Consumer Protection Health with Dr. Campbell Watch Live CBS on WNCN Weather Hurricane Central Radar Current conditions Flight tracker Weather Alerts WNCN Weather App Webcams Satellite SatRad Severe Forecast 3-Degree Guarantee Closings N. Carolina TV listings Investigates Sports UNC College basketball Duke N.C. State On the Rise Hurricanes High school Pro sports WNCN Blitz What’s On TV Listings CBS Shows CBS North Carolina Business Leaders Pet of the Day AntennaTV Technical Help Watch Live About Us News Team Technical Help #Brake4Buses At Your Service WNCN Mobile Apps CBS on WNCN 39° F Few Clouds Hi: 64° F Lo: 39° F Radar Forecast Current conditions Menu Skip to content   Home News News Traffic map Local News NC News National International Politics Check This Out What’s Next Education #Brake4Buses Entertainment WNCN News App Safe Drive Pledge Consumer Protection Health with Dr. Campbell Watch Live CBS on WNCN Featured: Campaign 2016 HB2 Latest Headlines Iraqi forces attack IS in east Mosul neighborhood Updated: 5 mins ago MOSUL, Iraq (AP) — Iraqi special forces pushed deeper into the northern city of Mosul on Wednesday, backed by airstrikes but under attack by… Utah school stabbing leaves 5 injured, school startled Updated: 14 mins ago OREM, Utah (AP) — Police say the suspect in the stabbing of five students at a Utah high school campus was in his first year at the campus i… Police: Pizza shop customer shoots 2 robbers, killing 1 Updated: 34 mins ago AP Top U.S. News at 2:08 a.m. EST Updated: 14 mins ago Philippine president wants to be friends with Trump, Putin Updated: 5 mins ago Weather Weather Hurricane Central Radar Current conditions Flight tracker Weather Alerts WNCN Weather App Webcams Satellite SatRad Severe Forecast 3-Degree Guarantee Closings Current Conditions 39° F Few Clouds Feels Like: 39° F Wind: 0 Humidity: 100% Dewpoint: 39° F Sunrise: 6:51 AM Sunset: 5:06 PM Forecast Radar Currently Webcams Sponsored by: N. Carolina TV listings Investigates Sports UNC College basketball Duke N.C. State On the Rise Hurricanes High school Pro sports WNCN Blitz What’s On TV Listings CBS Shows CBS North Carolina Business Leaders Pet of the Day AntennaTV Technical Help Watch Live About Us News Team Technical Help #Brake4Buses At Your Service WNCN Mobile Apps CBS on WNCN Search for: Search the site 39° F Few Clouds Hi: 64° F Lo: 39° F Report: Gunmen still control metals mined for modern gadgets BRANDON BAILEY, The Associated Press Published: October 25, 2016, 12:48 am Updated: October 25, 2016, 11:28 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Violent gunmen still menace pick-and-shovel miners in eastern Congo, a new report finds, despite years of efforts to loosen their grip by local reformers, Western activists and companies like Apple and Intel that use minerals from the African region in their products. Conditions are improving for miners who dig the ore that’s processed into tin, tungsten and tantalum for smartphones and other electronics, though some still face interference from armed groups. But slumping demand and depressed prices for those minerals have driven many workers to dig instead for gold that’s used in electronics, jewelry and other consumer products sold by Western companies. Armed groups hold sway over mining sites where nearly two-thirds of Congo’s gold miners ply their trade. There, under threat of violence, workers are often forced to pay illegal “taxes” that support corrupt army units, rebel groups or unauthorized militias. Sometimes they’re conscripted into forced labor. Those are the findings of an extensive field survey by the International Peace Information Service, a Belgian nonprofit whose research is frequently cited by activist groups and policy advisers to European and Western officials. IPIS is releasing its findings today. The detailed report bolsters the recent observations of activists. “Things are slowly but surely changing,” said Holly Dranginis, a senior policy analyst at the Enough Project, a U.S.-based advocacy group. “But armed groups still benefit from gold, and they are wreaking havoc on communities that are near the mines.” REIGN OF VIOLENCE IPIS has sent researchers, teamed with industry and government officials, to inspect more than 1,600 mining sites in Congo over the last four years. Nearly 240,000 people, mostly men but many supporting families, work as so-called artisanal (i.e., independent) miners at those sites. For decades, an assortment of armed rebels, homegrown gangs and corrupt army units have reigned over parts of eastern Congo, where many people live in poverty despite the rich mineral resources underground. These armed groups are known for terrorizing local residents through pillaging, forced labor and sexual assaults on women and girls. In recent years, Western activists have pressured corporations to stop using conflict minerals from areas controlled by armed groups, which profit from sales of those metals. The metals are used in a variety of products. But activists have particularly focused on makers of smartphones, computers and other electronic components, since they use large quantities of tantalum in electrical capacitors and tin as solder for circuit boards, along with smaller amounts of tungsten and gold in various components. MORE DISCLOSURE Human rights groups also persuaded the U.S. Congress to address the issue in the 2010 financial reform bill known as the Dodd-Frank Act. One section of the law requires corporations to file annual reports showing what they’ve done to determine if they’re using tin, tungsten, tantalum or gold from Congo or neighboring countries. Though it’s been three years since the reporting requirement took effect, most companies say they’re unable to trace all the minerals they use, since metals usually travel through complex supply chains that include mines, regional wholesalers, refiners and independent component-makers. Companies in some sectors, particularly computer and electronics manufacturers, are providing more information each year, according to researcher Chris Bayer, who reviewed company filings for the nonprofit Development International. But he said nearly two-thirds of the 981 companies from all industries that filed conflict mineral reports this year still didn’t identify the country of origin for all the minerals they used that are covered by the law. Still, activists and academics say the Dodd-Frank requirements have prompted companies to examine supply chains and underwrite audits by industry groups that pressure suppliers to stop buying from illegitimate sources. The audits and a tracking system devised by industry and Congo’s government are intended to certify that ore comes from mines free of armed interference. SILICON VALLEY RIPPLES Silicon Valley’s Intel is one of very few companies to claim conflict-free status for its microprocessors and chipsets, citing audits of smelters in its supply chain. But Intel says it can’t be sure about other products it sells that contain components made elsewhere. Apple, which also requires its smelters to undergo audits, says it has no indication that any of its products contain minerals that benefit armed groups. But while Apple reports more information than most companies, it stops short of declaring its products “conflict-free” and says those audits may not be enough. Apple also does its own investigations, focusing particularly on gold because it’s susceptible to smuggling and weak oversight. Activists don’t want U.S. companies to simply stop using minerals from Congo, because that would hurt miners and their families. But some wholesalers have turned to sources elsewhere. And while the number of artisanal miners working in Congo has remained stable, IPIS estimates about 80 percent, or 193,000 workers, are now digging for gold. They produce about 12 tons of gold each year, worth about $437 million when sold at local trading sites. IPIS found 64 percent of gold miners working at sites controlled by armed groups — only a slight decline from 67 percent in 2010. CONGOLESE ARMY “TAXES” More often than not, the gun-toting groups are units of the Congolese army, known as the FARDC. But the soldiers aren’t just there to keep the peace. IPIS found evidence that army units interfered with mining operations, usually by collecting unauthorized taxes, at two-thirds of the sites where they were present. Other sites were under the control of armed militias, including a rebel group notorious for “looting, extortion, killing and sexual violence” in Congo’s Ituri district, IPIS reported. IPIS researcher Ken Matthysen, who co-authored the new report, estimates the vast majority of Congolese gold is exported outside legal channels. He said it’s smuggled into neighboring countries to disguise the true source, and then often exported to the United Arab Emirates. Industry officials say gold is extremely difficult to trace through layers of wholesalers, refiners and other middlemen. They also blame ongoing civil unrest in the DRC. “But that shouldn’t stop us,” said David Bouffard, vice president at Signet Jewelers, a leading retailer that says it works with auditors and industry groups to make sure it doesn’t use metal from conflict sources. “We have to help as much as we can.” SOME IMPROVEMENTS Meanwhile, about half the miners digging for tin, tungsten or tantalum ore in the Congo are working at sites covered by an industry inspection system. IPIS found 21 percent of 3T miners at sites under the control of armed groups. That’s a big improvement from 57 percent in 2010. But experts say the “tag and trace” system used for tracking 3T ore isn’t perfect. U.N. advisers reported last year that 3T minerals were still being smuggled from Eastern Congo into Rwanda. They also found a black market for altered or counterfeit tags. A separate report by the Enough Project, a human rights group, found Congolese inspectors are poorly paid and susceptible to bribes. Tantalum mines in eastern Congo are still vulnerable to violence, according to the Enough Project. Its report cited an incident in January 2016 when a group of Congolese soldiers fired on civilian miners in the town of Rubaya, injuring nine people. ___ Online: The IPIS report and interactive map can be found at: http://ipisresearch.be/publication/analysis-interactive-map-artisanal-mining-areas-eastern-dr-congo-2/ You can follow Brandon Bailey at https://twitter.com/BrandonBailey or find his reporting at http://www.bigstory.ap.org/journalist/brandon-bailey Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement 70s coming before strong weekend cold front November 15, 2016 Get the latest weather forecast from the CBS North Carolina weather team. TOP STORIES New evacuations ordered as NC wildfire near Lake Lure grows to nearly 4,500 acres 12:16 am Just after the updated announcement Tuesday, Henderson County began evacuating residences near Highway 74-A and Shumont Road. Raleigh asks first responders to be patient in wait for pay raise Hope Mills students remember coach killed in crash Ex-Fayetteville fireman faces child sex crime charges, deputies say Cold front approaching NC ‘will support rapid fire growth,’ officials say NORTH CAROLINA NEWS New evacuations ordered as NC wildfire near Lake Lure grows to nearly 4,500 acres 12:16 am Just after the updated announcement Tuesday, Henderson County began evacuating residences near Highway 74-A and Shumont Road. NC woman violated burn ban and assaulted deputies, officials say November 15, 2016 Deputies tried to question Evangelina Rodriguez but she ran back into her home, officials say. 2 teens among trio killed in NC head-on crash November 15, 2016 Toby Reinhardt, 19, and Jacob Wright, 18, died in the wreck. Lumberton residents to recovery committee: Help us go home November 15, 2016 A crowd packed the workforce development building at Robeson Community College to find out what assistance is coming and explain what they n… Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WNCN.com All content © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Media General Communications Holdings, LLC. A Media General Company. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Weather Sports Station Contact us Work at CBS North Carolina Closings Closed Captioning Terms of Use Privacy Policy Business Advertising Terms and Conditions and Credit Policy FCC Public File For problems with the FCC Public File email jwilliams@wncn.com EEO Public Filings Children’s Programming Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Instagram Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
    Sign In Account Sign Out Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Search for: Search for: Sign In Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Home News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide PROFITguide.com Kickstart.am Subscribe Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Home News Report: Gunmen still control metals mined for modern gadgets Report: Gunmen still control metals mined for modern gadgets Oct 25, 2016 Brandon Bailey, The Associated Press   0 SAN FRANCISCO – Violent gunmen still menace pick-and-shovel miners in eastern Congo, a new report finds, despite years of efforts to loosen their grip by local reformers, Western activists and companies like Apple and Intel that use minerals from the African region in their products. Conditions are improving for miners who dig the ore that’s processed into tin, tungsten and tantalum for smartphones and other electronics, though some still face interference from armed groups. But slumping demand and depressed prices for those minerals have driven many workers to dig instead for gold that’s used in electronics, jewelry and other consumer products sold by Western companies. Armed groups hold sway over mining sites where nearly two-thirds of Congo’s gold miners ply their trade. There, under threat of violence, workers are often forced to pay illegal “taxes” that support corrupt army units, rebel groups or unauthorized militias. Sometimes they’re conscripted into forced labour. Those are the findings of an extensive field survey by the International Peace Information Service, a Belgian non-profit whose research is frequently cited by activist groups and policy advisers to European and Western officials. IPIS is releasing its findings today. The detailed report bolsters the recent observations of activists. “Things are slowly but surely changing,” said Holly Dranginis, a senior policy analyst at the Enough Project, a U.S.-based advocacy group. “But armed groups still benefit from gold, and they are wreaking havoc on communities that are near the mines.” REIGN OF VIOLENCE IPIS has sent researchers, teamed with industry and government officials, to inspect more than 1,600 mining sites in Congo over the last four years. Nearly 240,000 people, mostly men but many supporting families, work as so-called artisanal (i.e., independent) miners at those sites. For decades, an assortment of armed rebels, homegrown gangs and corrupt army units have reigned over parts of eastern Congo, where many people live in poverty despite the rich mineral resources underground. These armed groups are known for terrorizing local residents through pillaging, forced labour and sexual assaults on women and girls. In recent years, Western activists have pressured corporations to stop using conflict minerals from areas controlled by armed groups, which profit from sales of those metals. The metals are used in a variety of products. But activists have particularly focused on makers of smartphones, computers and other electronic components, since they use large quantities of tantalum in electrical capacitors and tin as solder for circuit boards, along with smaller amounts of tungsten and gold in various components. MORE DISCLOSURE Human rights groups also persuaded the U.S. Congress to address the issue in the 2010 financial reform bill known as the Dodd-Frank Act. One section of the law requires corporations to file annual reports showing what they’ve done to determine if they’re using tin, tungsten, tantalum or gold from Congo or neighbouring countries. Though it’s been three years since the reporting requirement took effect, most companies say they’re unable to trace all the minerals they use, since metals usually travel through complex supply chains that include mines, regional wholesalers, refiners and independent component-makers. Companies in some sectors, particularly computer and electronics manufacturers, are providing more information each year, according to researcher Chris Bayer, who reviewed company filings for the non-profit Development International. But he said nearly two-thirds of the 981 companies from all industries that filed conflict mineral reports this year still didn’t identify the country of origin for all the minerals they used that are covered by the law. Still, activists and academics say the Dodd-Frank requirements have prompted companies to examine supply chains and underwrite audits by industry groups that pressure suppliers to stop buying from illegitimate sources. The audits and a tracking system devised by industry and Congo’s government are intended to certify that ore comes from mines free of armed interference. SILICON VALLEY RIPPLES Silicon Valley’s Intel is one of very few companies to claim conflict-free status for its microprocessors and chipsets, citing audits of smelters in its supply chain. But Intel says it can’t be sure about other products it sells that contain components made elsewhere. Apple, which also requires its smelters to undergo audits, says it has no indication that any of its products contain minerals that benefit armed groups. But while Apple reports more information than most companies, it stops short of declaring its products “conflict-free” and says those audits may not be enough. Apple also does its own investigations, focusing particularly on gold because it’s susceptible to smuggling and weak oversight. Activists don’t want U.S. companies to simply stop using minerals from Congo, because that would hurt miners and their families. But some wholesalers have turned to sources elsewhere. And while the number of artisanal miners working in Congo has remained stable, IPIS estimates about 80 per cent, or 193,000 workers, are now digging for gold. They produce about 12 tons of gold each year, worth about $437 million when sold at local trading sites. IPIS found 64 per cent of gold miners working at sites controlled by armed groups — only a slight decline from 67 per cent in 2010. CONGOLESE ARMY “TAXES” More often than not, the gun-toting groups are units of the Congolese army, known as the FARDC. But the soldiers aren’t just there to keep the peace. IPIS found evidence that army units interfered with mining operations, usually by collecting unauthorized taxes, at two-thirds of the sites where they were present. Other sites were under the control of armed militias, including a rebel group notorious for “looting, extortion, killing and sexual violence” in Congo’s Ituri district, IPIS reported. IPIS researcher Ken Matthysen, who co-authored the new report, estimates the vast majority of Congolese gold is exported outside legal channels. He said it’s smuggled into neighbouring countries to disguise the true source, and then often exported to the United Arab Emirates. Industry officials say gold is extremely difficult to trace through layers of wholesalers, refiners and other middlemen. They also blame ongoing civil unrest in the DRC. “But that shouldn’t stop us,” said David Bouffard, vice-president at Signet Jewelers, a leading retailer that says it works with auditors and industry groups to make sure it doesn’t use metal from conflict sources. “We have to help as much as we can.” SOME IMPROVEMENTS Meanwhile, about half the miners digging for tin, tungsten or tantalum ore in the Congo are working at sites covered by an industry inspection system. IPIS found 21 per cent of 3T miners at sites under the control of armed groups. That’s a big improvement from 57 per cent in 2010. But experts say the “tag and trace” system used for tracking 3T ore isn’t perfect. U.N. advisers reported last year that 3T minerals were still being smuggled from Eastern Congo into Rwanda. They also found a black market for altered or counterfeit tags. A separate report by the Enough Project, a human rights group, found Congolese inspectors are poorly paid and susceptible to bribes. Tantalum mines in eastern Congo are still vulnerable to violence, according to the Enough Project. Its report cited an incident in January 2016 when a group of Congolese soldiers fired on civilian miners in the town of Rubaya, injuring nine people. ___ Online: The IPIS report and interactive map can be found at: http://ipisresearch.be/publication/analysis-interactive-map-artisanal-mining-areas-eastern-dr-congo-2/ You can follow Brandon Bailey at https://twitter.com/BrandonBailey or find his reporting at http://www.bigstory.ap.org/journalist/brandon-bailey shares Share: Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Share Email Advertisement Advertisement    Leave a comment Hide comments Leave a comment Cancel reply Sign in to comment. You're logged in as . Logout. Loading profile... Unexpected error. Please try again. Notice: Your email may not yet have been verified. Please check your email, click the link to verify your address, and then submit your comment. If you can't find this email, access your profile editor to re-send the confirmation email. You must have a verified email to submit a comment. Once you have done so, check again. Your comment Name * Email * Top Follow us Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Resources About Us Contact Us Advertising In-class program Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Subscribe to Canadian Business - Your Source For Business News newsletters Market Wrap The day's key business, market and company news, with analysis and opinion from Canadian Business Online's writers. Delivered each business day. Delivered each business day.† From our partners I would like Canadian Business to send me alerts, event notifications and special deals or information from our carefully screened partners that may be of interest to me.† By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} © 1999-2016 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service
Subscribe Login Slight chance of snow / Tonight's low: 26° The Gazette 2014 Pulitzer Prize Winner News Sports Business Politics Opinion Life A&E Obits Shopping About Us Popular Top Local News U.S. & World Crime & Justice Weather Graduations Closings & Delays Military Education Colorado Politics Special Interest Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic The Cheyenne Edition The Woodmen Edition Submit a news tip El Paso County commissioners delay decision on Flying Horse development Colorado will take part in digital driver's license program Archives Subscriber Benefits Search Subscriber Services Account Center Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Advertising SpringsCoupons.com Place An Ad About Us Contact Us About The Gazette Employment Opportunities Copyright Information Reprint Information Google Survey FAQ Gazette Charities Become a Carrier Report an Issue Subscriber Services Account Center Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Online News e-Edition Newsletters Mobile Apps Popular Top Sports Stories Olympics David Ramsey Paul Klee Woody Paige Brent Briggeman Blog Joe Paisley Blog Paul Klee Blog Pro Teams Broncos Avalanche Rockies Sky Sox Switchbacks FC Nuggets College Teams Air Force Academy Colorado College UCCS Preps Coverage Preps Peak Performers Preps Game of the Week Woody Paige: Fans tuning out to NFL's greedy sham that is 'Thursday Night Football' Popular Top Business Stories Economic Indicators Movers & Shakers Get a Job Monday Ted Rayburn Resources Leading Lawyers Leading Medical Professionals Hickenlooper touts 'Modem Millie' to promote cyber safety Hailstorm, housing construction push Colorado Springs sales tax to another big month Popular Top Life Stories Out There Travel Home & Garden Food Health Faith & Values Parenting Around Town My Colorado Pets Advertising Special Sections OutThereColorado.com Nonprofit News Think Pink Celebrate Pulse Heart Health Month Stroke Awareness Month Business Spotlight First public recovery room for athletes opens in Colorado Springs Colorado winter festivals for 2016-2017 season Popular GO! Top Entertainment ColoradoSprings.com Best of the Springs Dining & Drink Restaurant Reviews Discover Guide Cinema Guide Pop Culture Beer Map Fun Comics/Puzzles Horoscopes Celebs TV Barenaked Ladies announce U.S. tour dates, including Colorado Springs Evolution of Castle Rock native Amy Adams on view in 'Arrival,' 'Nocturnal' Popular Top Editorials Guest Editorial Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials Blogs Popular Top Politics Election 2016 Local/County State Colorado Politics Photos Top Images The Latest Best of Local Best of Sports Videos Top Videos Best of Local Best of Sports Best of Life Best of Military Features Government Videos A&E Videos Blogs Business Spotlight Eric Singer Activists against Dakota Access Pipeline gather in Colorado Springs Child Safety Group Releases Unsafe Toys List Obits Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice Deals Circulars Jobs Deal of the Day Real Estate Garage Sales Shop for Cars Legal Notices Classifieds Merchandise Dogs Rentals Service Directory Springs Coupons Various/Misc. Post an ad Toggle navigation Home Account Login Register Search Google Survey FAQ Contact Us Contact Contact Us Become a Carrier Carrier Portal Employment Opportunities Report an Issue Mobile Apps Archives Subscriber Benefits News Local News Local News Top Local headlines Crime & Justice Government Elections Military Education Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic Closings & Delays Submit a News Tip U.S. & World U.S. & World Sports Sports Top Sports Headlines David Ramsey Paul Klee Broncos Peyton Manning Nuggets Avs Rockies Sky Sox Switchbacks FC Air Force Academy Colorado College Olympics Preps OutThere Colorado Business Business Top Business Headlines Local Stocks Wall Street Journal Economic Indicators Opinion Opinion Top Editorial Guest Editorial Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials Life Life Top Life Headlines OutThere Colorado Travel Home & Garden Dining & Drink Beer Map Food Health Faith & Values Parenting My Colorado Around Town Pets A&E A&E Top A&E Headlines Entertainment Best of the Springs Discover Guide ColoradoSprings.com Cinema Guide Celebrity News T.V. Comics & Puzzles Horoscopes Colorado Politics Video & Photo Top Videos Videos News Videos Sports Videos Life Videos Military Videos Government Videos A&E Videos Business Spotlight Eric Singer Top Photos Photos View Photos Buy Photos Most Recent Videos Obits Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice Coupons and Deals Deal of the Day Circulars Springs Coupons Marketplace Jobs Homes Cars Classifieds Classifieds Garage Sales Legal Notices Merchandise Real Estate Rentals Service Directory Various/Misc. Post an ad Colorado Springs News, Sports & Business | Colorado Springs Gazette, News News: Local News Colorado Springs school warns of "resurgence" of racial and ethnic slurs Tue, Nov 15, 2016 - 8:51 PM 0 "Mind your Ps and Qs" is the message students at two Colorado Springs schools are getting from principals on two different topics, in response to... Broncos bring out the Lombardis to boost Memorial Hospital rehab patients' spirits Tue, Nov 15, 2016 - 6:21 PM 0 Eighty-year-old Vera Hammons didn't expect she would need her pompoms while recovering from a broken hip at Memorial Hospital Central. But when the Denver Broncos'... News: Local News Bring your own weed: Denver allows pot in bars, eateries Tue, Nov 15, 2016 - 6:29 PM 0 DENVER — Denver has approved a first-in-the-nation law allowing people to use marijuana in bars and restaurants. Denver voters weighed in on Proposition... Colorado Springs Pioneers Museum receives largest gift in its history Tue, Nov 15, 2016 - 4:41 PM 0 An anonymous donor just made Colorado Springs Pioneers Museum history. The philanthropist... Colorado Springs protesters show solidarity for opponents of Dakota pipeline Tue, Nov 15, 2016 - 10:21 PM 0 The protesters’ signs included phrases like “Water is life” and “People over pipelines,” and the... Latest Local Report: Cities, including Denver, passing more laws making homelessness a crime By: CATHY BUSSEWITZ and COLLEEN SLEVIN, Associated Press - 2 hr ago El Paso County commissioners delay decision on Flying Horse development By: Matt Steiner - 3 hr ago El Paso County approves $324 million 2017 budget with raises, workforce boost By: Matt Steiner - 3 hr ago Colorado will take part in digital driver's license program By: Chhun Sun - 3 hr ago Colorado presidential elector seeks to block Donald Trump from White House By: John Frank and Brian Eason, The Denver Post - 4 hr ago Colorado Springs motorists will see lower gas prices as they hit the road for Thanksgiving By: Rich Laden - 6 hr ago Man arrested, accused of leading Colorado Springs law agencies on chase By: Debbie Kelley - 6 hr ago Top Stories The Latest: Trump goes out for dinner without press in tow 2 hr ago Child safety group releases annual list of unsafe toys By: The Associated Press - 4 hr ago Amid signs of transition trouble, Trump huddles with Pence By: KEN THOMAS and JULIE PACE, Associated Press - 4 hr ago David Ramsey: John Elway talks about the wonder, and agony, of golf By: David Ramsey - 4 hr ago Gazette Preps: High school sports signing day list for fall 2016 By: Scott Kaniewski - 4 hr ago Woody Paige: Fans tuning out to NFL's greedy sham that is 'Thursday Night Football' By: Woody Paige - 5 hr ago 5 Utah students stabbed in boy's locker room; teen detained 6 hr ago <p>Your browser does not support IFrame Embeds, please update your browser to view this gallery</p> Photo Galleries Lombardi Trophies Thrill Memorial Patients A Look Back Top ways to celebrate winter in Colorado Springs and beyond Ormao Dance Company: 'PREPRESS' Supermoon 2016 Broncos vs. Saints Lewis-Palmer wins third 4A state volleyball title in four years AFA 49, CSU 46 TCA wins first 4A boys soccer championship Discovery Canyon 48 - Skyview 0 Air Force vs. Rochester Institute of Technology Hockey Air Force vs. McPherson College 2016 winter fun guide: Colorado ski areas TCA heading to state soccer finals High school signing day in the Colorado Springs area 15 Veterans Day freebies to snag around Colorado Springs A Look Back Election Day in the U.S. Election Night 2016 Peak Performers 2016-17 Funeral procession for Cimarron Hills firefighter Denver Broncos vs. Oakland Raiders 2016 Diwali Show Rehearsal TCA 2, Denver West 0 Veterans Day Parade in Colorado Springs Vista Ridge vs. Rampart Football Doherty 47 - Boulder 28 15 fascinating presidential facts you probably don't know Introducing ColoradoPolitics.com, driving the state's political conversation every day Latest Local 2 hr ago Report: Cities, including Denver, passing more laws making homelessness a crime 3 hr ago El Paso County commissioners delay decision on Flying Horse development 3 hr ago El Paso County approves $324 million 2017 budget with raises, workforce boost 3 hr ago Colorado will take part in digital driver's license program 4 hr ago Colorado presidential elector seeks to block Donald Trump from White House 6 hr ago Colorado Springs motorists will see lower gas prices as they hit the road for Thanksgiving 6 hr ago Man arrested, accused of leading Colorado Springs law agencies on chase Most Read New book by Colorado Springs author profiles influential figures in adoption ‘Ape in heels’: W.Va. officials under fire after comments about Michelle Obama Bring your own weed: Denver allows pot in bars, eateries David Ramsey: Soccer great Mia Hamm asks sports parents to stop being so childish Colorado Springs Pioneers Museum receives largest gift in its history Colorado Springs' largest defense contractor announces merger Colorado will take part in digital driver's license program 4 anchors of the fast-growing hub in north Colorado Springs Colorado Springs hits record high Colorado Springs school warns of "resurgence" of racial and ethnic slurs Sports 1 hr ago Individual performances stand out as Air Force rolls past NAIA foe 105-62 2 hr ago Varlamov stops 32 shots as Avalanche beat Kings 3 hr ago Two NHL draft prospects among CC signees so far 4 hr ago David Ramsey: John Elway talks about the wonder, and agony, of golf 4 hr ago John Elway named honorary chairman of 2018 Senior Open at The Broadmoor 4 hr ago Air Force sweating the small things when it comes to facing diminutive running backs 5 hr ago Senior-laden defense helps Lewis-Palmer to 3A quarterfinals Business 15 min ago Pipeline company seeks federal court OK to proceed with plan 23 min ago The Latest: San Francisco votes to cap short-term rentals 55 min ago 'Super Size Me' filmmaker brings restaurant idea to Columbus 2 hr ago Asian stocks mostly higher, taking cues from Wall Street 3 hr ago Farm acknowledges criminal negligence in fatal hayride crash 4 hr ago Sikh truckers reach settlement in faith discrimination case 4 hr ago No price tag, end date for FAA's air traffic control plan Opinion 7 hr ago GUEST COLUMN: Freedom of speech includes freedom to preach, says Doug Lamborn 8 hr ago GUEST COLUMN: Time to rethink our basic political ideas 10 hr ago EDITORIAL: Trump to 'make things better' 11 hr ago LETTERS: Remembering Leon Russell; protesters embarrassing for the U.S. 16 hr ago LETTERS: CC, CU-Boulder students need to grow up; kudos to Omaha hockey fans Mon, Nov 14, 2016 GUEST COLUMN: Millennials and mountains are our future Mon, Nov 14, 2016 LETTERS: Another utility rate increase; politics is the new religion Elections 13 hr ago Megyn Kelly: Trump tried to influence coverage with gifts 15 hr ago Backers declare victory after Denver’s social marijuana use measure shows wider lead in updated results 16 hr ago 'We're not going anywhere': Millennials march against Trump Mon, Nov 14, 2016 Darryl Glenn came closer than expected, but enigmatic candidacy hampered U.S. Senate bid Sun, Nov 13, 2016 Weighing the potential of a Trump presidency from a military point of view Sat, Nov 12, 2016 Donald Trump on '60 Minutes': Hillary Clinton 'couldn't have been nicer' Sat, Nov 12, 2016 Safety pin campaign signals post-election support for minorities Around the Web 2 hr ago That's no house cat: Nevada police find 3 tigers in backyard 8 hr ago A plane full of people just flew cross country on wood-based fuel made by a Colorado company 8 hr ago Japan rubber-mask makers happy to face a Trump presidency 8 hr ago Bush family announces adoption of rescue puppy named Freddy 9 hr ago 55-pound Alabama teen hospitalized after 2 years in basement 12 hr ago Marijuana cocktails could soon become a thing thanks to Election Night victories 13 hr ago Megyn Kelly: Trump tried to influence coverage with gifts Latest Videos Activists against Dakota Access Pipeline gather in Colorado Springs Child Safety Group Releases Unsafe Toys List Pikes Peak region forecast Utah High School Teen Stabs Five Students Spreading Broncos Cheer in Colorado Springs Raw: Demand for Trump Masks Surges Pet Owners Turn to Needles to Help Injured Pets Group Tries To Swim Across The Dead Sea Chestnut Street Bridge Reopens in Colorado Springs Turkey Lady tries to shoo in frozen birds in Colorado Springs Priebus Tapped as White House Chief of Staff Raw: Anniversary of Attacks Marked Across Paris Sports Latest Sports Individual performances stand out as Air Force rolls past NAIA foe 105-621 hr ago Varlamov stops 32 shots as Avalanche beat Kings2 hr ago Two NHL draft prospects among CC signees so far3 hr ago Air Force sweating the small things when it comes to facing diminutive running backs4 hr ago Broncos David Ramsey: John Elway talks about the wonder, and agony, of golf4 hr ago John Elway named honorary chairman of 2018 Senior Open at The Broadmoor4 hr ago Report: Broncos' Von Miller says he’s being extorted for sex tape7 hr ago Gary Kubiak raising the bar on Trevor Siemian7 hr ago Photo Galleries Broncos vs. Saints Lewis-Palmer wins third 4A state volleyball title in four years AFA 49, CSU 46 TCA wins first 4A boys soccer championship Discovery Canyon 48 - Skyview 0 Air Force vs. Rochester Institute of Technology Hockey Air Force vs. McPherson College TCA heading to state soccer finals High school signing day in the Colorado Springs area Peak Performers 2016-17 Denver Broncos vs. Oakland Raiders TCA 2, Denver West 0 Vista Ridge vs. Rampart Football Doherty 47 - Boulder 28 Cubs win the World Series Opinion Gazette Editorials EDITORIAL: Trump to 'make things better'10 hr ago EDITORIAL: What Trump's tax cuts may doSun, Nov 13, 2016 Commentary: Democrats caught in snares they set for the GOPSat, Nov 12, 2016 EDITORIAL: Let Colorado Springs take care of clean waterFri, Nov 11, 2016 Letters to the Editor LETTERS: Remembering Leon Russell; protesters embarrassing for the U.S.11 hr ago LETTERS: CC, CU-Boulder students need to grow up; kudos to Omaha hockey fans16 hr ago LETTERS: Another utility rate increase; politics is the new religionMon, Nov 14, 2016 LETTERS: The people have spoken; 2016 has been an amazing yearFri, Nov 11, 2016 Columns GUEST COLUMN: Freedom of speech includes freedom to preach, says Doug Lamborn7 hr ago GUEST COLUMN: Time to rethink our basic political ideas8 hr ago GUEST COLUMN: Millennials and mountains are our futureMon, Nov 14, 2016 GUEST COLUMN: Old soldiers continue to fight their wars and rememberFri, Nov 11, 2016 Local News Local News Report: Cities, including Denver, passing more laws making homelessness a crime2 hr ago El Paso County commissioners delay decision on Flying Horse development3 hr ago El Paso County approves $324 million 2017 budget with raises, workforce boost3 hr ago Colorado will take part in digital driver's license program3 hr ago Local and State Politics Colorado presidential elector seeks to block Donald Trump from White House4 hr ago Protest of Dakota Access Pipeline planned for Tuesday night in Colorado Springs9 hr ago Backers declare victory after Denver’s social marijuana use measure shows wider lead in updated results15 hr ago Judge says he only just received Terry Maketa grand jury transcripts18 hr ago Local Business A plane full of people just flew cross country on wood-based fuel made by a Colorado company8 hr ago 4 anchors of the fast-growing hub in north Colorado Springs8 hr ago Colorado Springs Regional Business Alliance names UCCS chancellor as top Business Citizen9 hr ago Colorado Springs' largest defense contractor announces merger18 hr ago More Top Reads Nation and World New Zealand completes evacuation from town cut off by quake7 min ago Final 3 Minnesotans to be sentenced in Islamic State case14 min ago Pipeline company seeks federal court OK to proceed with plan15 min ago Police search for motive in killing of airport worker25 min ago Military New Zealand completes evacuation from town cut off by quake8 min ago The Latest: Evacuation from quake-hit New Zealand town ends1 hr ago Manning leads Air Force over Johnson & Wales (Colo.) 105-621 hr ago Afghan officials say suicide bomber kills 4 in Kabul1 hr ago Blogs John Elway named honorary chairman of 2018 Senior Open at The Broadmoor4 hr ago TV Preview - 10 takeaways from the season three premiere of ‘The Affair’7 hr ago Wounded Warrior Scholarship recipients to be honored13 hr ago Another Arizona State hockey arena deal brewingMon, Nov 14, 2016 Crime and Justice Local Crime Man arrested, accused of leading Colorado Springs law agencies on chase6 hr ago Gun battle over truck kills pregnant Colorado woman8 hr ago Shots fired near Palmer Park in Colorado Springs16 hr ago Mugshot Monday: Most wanted in Colorado Springs areaMon, Nov 14, 2016 National Crime 5 Utah students stabbed in boy's locker room; teen detained6 hr ago 55-pound Alabama teen hospitalized after 2 years in basement9 hr ago California deputy shot twice in the head, suspect arrestedMon, Nov 14, 2016 Alaska officer 'ambushed' and shot multiple times, police saySat, Nov 12, 2016 Life Life AROUND TOWN: Friends/family honor Urban Turzi of One Nation Walking Together8 hr ago AROUND TOWN: Women's Foundation of Colorado encourages women's potential8 hr ago 131 Colorado Springs-area holiday events9 hr ago Broadmoor-area church bids farewell to longtime pastor11 hr ago Arts and Entertainment TV Preview - 10 takeaways from the season three premiere of ‘The Affair’7 hr ago Evolution of Castle Rock native Amy Adams on view in 'Arrival,' 'Nocturnal'8 hr ago New play explores a world in which everyone must watch what they say13 hr ago '90210' cast pays tribute to ailing Shannen Doherty18 hr ago Religion In Indonesia, a new way to take back social media from extremists6 hr ago Cliff Barrows, Billy Graham’s song leader for six decades, dies at 936 hr ago Partisan pope? Falwell critiques Francis on Twitter6 hr ago Baby Christian scolded for first major misstep6 hr ago National National Politics Trump breaks protocol _ again _ on press access31 min ago Life in the White House bubble? Trump's had practice2 hr ago Bring your own weed: Denver allows pot in bars, eateries4 hr ago Colorado presidential elector seeks to block Donald Trump from White House4 hr ago National Business Pipeline company seeks federal court OK to proceed with plan16 min ago The Latest: San Francisco votes to cap short-term rentals24 min ago 'Super Size Me' filmmaker brings restaurant idea to Columbus56 min ago Asian stocks mostly higher, taking cues from Wall Street2 hr ago Get the Newsletter The latest breaking news, delivered straight to your email! Subscribe Get a Subscription Access all of our premium content, get unlimited digital access and more! Subscribe Follow our Facebook Get real time news updates Follow × Login Required You must be logged in to post a comment. If you already have an account, login here: Login New user? Register Now Advertising SpringsCoupons.com Place An Ad About Us Contact Us About The Gazette Work For Us Copyright Information Reprint Information Google Survey FAQ Gazette Charities Become a Carrier Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Online News e-Edition Newsletters Mobile Apps Gazette.com Coloradosprings.com Gazettepreps.com Best of the Springs My Colorado OutThereColorado.com Privacy Policy Terms of Service © 2016 Produced by Colorado Springs Gazette
null
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Gunmen still control metals mined for modern gadgets By Associated Press Published: 22:32 EST, 25 October 2016 | Updated: 22:33 EST, 25 October 2016 e-mail SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Violent gunmen still menace pick-and-shovel miners in eastern Congo, a new report finds, despite years of efforts to loosen their grip by local reformers, Western activists and companies like Apple and Intel that use minerals from the African region in their products. Conditions are improving for miners who dig the ore that's processed into tin, tungsten and tantalum for smartphones and other electronics, though some still face interference from armed groups. But slumping demand and depressed prices for those minerals have driven many workers to dig instead for gold that's used in electronics, jewelry and other consumer products sold by Western companies. Armed groups hold sway over mining sites where nearly two-thirds of Congo's gold miners ply their trade. There, under threat of violence, workers are often forced to pay illegal "taxes" that support corrupt army units, rebel groups or unauthorized militias. Sometimes they're conscripted into forced labor. FILE - In this Aug. 16, 2012, file photo, a Congolese miner sifts through ground rocks to separate out the cassiterite, the main ore that¿s processed into tin, in the town of Nyabibwe, eastern Congo, a once bustling outpost fueled by artisanal cassiterite mining. A new report released Monday, Oct. 24, 2016, shows violent, armed groups still exert control over pick-and-shovel miners in the Democratic Republic of Congo, despite years of efforts by local reformers, Western activists and multinational companies like Apple and Intel that use minerals from the region in their products. Conditions are better for miners in some areas, but armed groups still threaten the gold sector. (AP Photo/Marc Hofer, File) Those are the findings of an extensive field survey by the International Peace Information Service, a Belgian nonprofit whose research is frequently cited by activist groups and policy advisers to European and Western officials. IPIS is releasing its findings today. The detailed report bolsters the recent observations of activists. "Things are slowly but surely changing," said Holly Dranginis, a senior policy analyst at the Enough Project, a U.S.-based advocacy group. "But armed groups still benefit from gold, and they are wreaking havoc on communities that are near the mines." REIGN OF VIOLENCE IPIS has sent researchers, teamed with industry and government officials, to inspect more than 1,600 mining sites in Congo over the last four years. Nearly 240,000 people, mostly men but many supporting families, work as so-called artisanal (i.e., independent) miners at those sites. For decades, an assortment of armed rebels, homegrown gangs and corrupt army units have reigned over parts of eastern Congo, where many people live in poverty despite the rich mineral resources underground. These armed groups are known for terrorizing local residents through pillaging, forced labor and sexual assaults on women and girls. In recent years, Western activists have pressured corporations to stop using conflict minerals from areas controlled by armed groups, which profit from sales of those metals. The metals are used in a variety of products. But activists have particularly focused on makers of smartphones, computers and other electronic components, since they use large quantities of tantalum in electrical capacitors and tin as solder for circuit boards, along with smaller amounts of tungsten and gold in various components. MORE DISCLOSURE Human rights groups also persuaded the U.S. Congress to address the issue in the 2010 financial reform bill known as the Dodd-Frank Act. One section of the law requires corporations to file annual reports showing what they've done to determine if they're using tin, tungsten, tantalum or gold from Congo or neighboring countries. Though it's been three years since the reporting requirement took effect, most companies say they're unable to trace all the minerals they use, since metals usually travel through complex supply chains that include mines, regional wholesalers, refiners and independent component-makers. Companies in some sectors, particularly computer and electronics manufacturers, are providing more information each year, according to researcher Chris Bayer, who reviewed company filings for the nonprofit Development International. But he said nearly two-thirds of the 981 companies from all industries that filed conflict mineral reports this year still didn't identify the country of origin for all the minerals they used that are covered by the law. Still, activists and academics say the Dodd-Frank requirements have prompted companies to examine supply chains and underwrite audits by industry groups that pressure suppliers to stop buying from illegitimate sources. The audits and a tracking system devised by industry and Congo's government are intended to certify that ore comes from mines free of armed interference. SILICON VALLEY RIPPLES Silicon Valley's Intel is one of very few companies to claim conflict-free status for its microprocessors and chipsets, citing audits of smelters in its supply chain. But Intel says it can't be sure about other products it sells that contain components made elsewhere. Apple, which also requires its smelters to undergo audits, says it has no indication that any of its products contain minerals that benefit armed groups. But while Apple reports more information than most companies, it stops short of declaring its products "conflict-free" and says those audits may not be enough. Apple also does its own investigations, focusing particularly on gold because it's susceptible to smuggling and weak oversight. Activists don't want U.S. companies to simply stop using minerals from Congo, because that would hurt miners and their families. But some wholesalers have turned to sources elsewhere. And while the number of artisanal miners working in Congo has remained stable, IPIS estimates about 80 percent, or 193,000 workers, are now digging for gold. They produce about 12 tons of gold each year, worth about $437 million when sold at local trading sites. IPIS found 64 percent of gold miners working at sites controlled by armed groups — only a slight decline from 67 percent in 2010. CONGOLESE ARMY "TAXES" More often than not, the gun-toting groups are units of the Congolese army, known as the FARDC. But the soldiers aren't just there to keep the peace. IPIS found evidence that army units interfered with mining operations, usually by collecting unauthorized taxes, at two-thirds of the sites where they were present. Other sites were under the control of armed militias, including a rebel group notorious for "looting, extortion, killing and sexual violence" in Congo's Ituri district, IPIS reported. IPIS researcher Ken Matthysen, who co-authored the new report, estimates the vast majority of Congolese gold is exported outside legal channels. He said it's smuggled into neighboring countries to disguise the true source, and then often exported to the United Arab Emirates. Industry officials say gold is extremely difficult to trace through layers of wholesalers, refiners and other middlemen. They also blame ongoing civil unrest in the DRC. "But that shouldn't stop us," said David Bouffard, vice president at Signet Jewelers, a leading retailer that says it works with auditors and industry groups to make sure it doesn't use metal from conflict sources. "We have to help as much as we can." SOME IMPROVEMENTS Meanwhile, about half the miners digging for tin, tungsten or tantalum ore in the Congo are working at sites covered by an industry inspection system. IPIS found 21 percent of 3T miners at sites under the control of armed groups. That's a big improvement from 57 percent in 2010. But experts say the "tag and trace" system used for tracking 3T ore isn't perfect. U.N. advisers reported last year that 3T minerals were still being smuggled from Eastern Congo into Rwanda. They also found a black market for altered or counterfeit tags. A separate report by the Enough Project, a human rights group, found Congolese inspectors are poorly paid and susceptible to bribes. Tantalum mines in eastern Congo are still vulnerable to violence, according to the Enough Project. Its report cited an incident in January 2016 when a group of Congolese soldiers fired on civilian miners in the town of Rubaya, injuring nine people. ___ Online: The IPIS report and interactive map can be found at: http://ipisresearch.be/publication/analysis-interactive-map-artisanal-mining-areas-eastern-dr-congo-2/ You can follow Brandon Bailey at https://twitter.com/BrandonBailey or find his reporting at http://www.bigstory.ap.org/journalist/brandon-bailey Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Sicktoria Sponge or Bum-offee Pie? Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman face the I'm A Celebrity Big Bush Bake Off in latest Bushtucker Trial 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED 'You need to be there in one hour!' Justin Bieber 'invites six girls to his hotel suite' after placing social media request for female company in Prague 'There's certainly no love lost between them': Laura Whitmore and Giovanni Pernice 'embroiled in backstage feud' before tearful elimination from Strictly Come Dancing My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene Fifi Geldof flogs her used make-up online for £2: PR assistant uses website to sell more than 100 items including lipsticks and eyeliners Flogging accessories online via Depop Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 'Neither is willing to betray anything intimate': Michael Fassbender and girlfriend Alicia Vikander have agreement not to discuss relationship Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Model hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during getaway 'Turn haters into motivators!': Khloe Kardashian whips fans into shape in trailer for new TV series Revenge Body Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Spencer Matthews and retired rugby aces Gareth Thomas and Jason Robinson are the first contestants named for the next series of Channel 4's The Jump Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Wayne Rooney 'was so drunk he couldn't string a sentence together as he partied until FIVE in the morning' after gatecrashing wedding at fancy hotel  'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  'I think we'd be great together!' Billy Bob Thornton wants to work with ex-wife Angelina Jolie's estranged husband Brad Pitt  Told Playboy he even has a role in mind  Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in magical gown at Fantastic Beasts premiere... but is her dress silver or gold? Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Peace out! Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Hillary Clinton and dealing with a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Tony Bennett, 90, reveals he met his third wife Susan, 50, when her pregnant mother came to one of his gigs  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Move over Miley! Little sister Noah Cyrus unveils her first single Make Me (Cry) Her turn to make her mark on music industry Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Flashed lacy black strap Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Reviews Appliances Electronics Gadgets Gaming Mobile Security Deals Gifts News Shop Reviews Audio Headphones Over the Ear Headphones Bluetooth Headphones Home Audio Home Theater Systems Home Theater Speakers Speakers Bluetooth Speakers Portable Speakers Wireless Speakers Appliances Kitchen Appliances Smart Home Automation Auto Tech Computers Computer Accessories Desktop Computers Laptop Computers Laptops for College Wireless Routers Electronics Digital Cameras Other Electronics Printers Televisions Video Cameras Gaming Gaming Accessories Gaming Laptops Gaming PCs Video Game Consoles Video Games Geek Toys Mobile Cell Phones Mobile App Reviews Tablets iPads Security Home Security Home Security Systems Home Security Cameras Personal Security Sports & Outdoors Vehicles Gadgets Gadgets for Men Kitchen Gadgets Coolest Gadgets Fitness Gadgets Services Satellite TV DISH DIRECTV vs DISH Gifts Star Wars Gifts Batman Gifts Gifts for Gamers Gifts for Geeks Software News Search on Gadget Review Gadget Review ▸ Reviews ▸ Electronic Reviews ▸ Computers ▸ Laptop Computers ▸ Dell Laptops ▸ Razer BLADE Pro Vs. MacBook Pro Retina Display (comparison) Dell Laptops Razer BLADE Pro Vs. MacBook Pro Retina Display (comparison) Shawn Sanders Updated August 2, 2015 Shares We used to have the most eye-opening mentally-rewarding existential conversations when I worked as a comic book store clerk in high school. Customers and staff alike would engage in intensely-heated worldview-altering banter like “who would win in a fight between Wolverine and Batman” or “which cereal stays crunchier in milk?” I know! It was truly heady stuff. But in all seriousness, there is where my mind travels as I referee an unlikely–almost MARVEL Comics style “What if?” So here it is… If they were to meet in a dark alley, which laptop would win the Apple MacBook Pro Retina Vs. the new Razer Blade Pro. Size What we have here is the 17-inch Razer Blade Pro. The company has done an admirable job of keeping the innards of the Blade Pro powerful yet petite. The form factor is super thin with dimensions the likes 16.8 inches wide, with a depth of 10.9 nches. It’s height is a lowered 0.88 inches thin and the thing weighs 6.58 lbs. That’s more than 2lbs heavier than the MacBook Pro Retina. To be fair the MBPR is only a 15.4-inch laptop size. The dimensions tally in at 14.3 inches in width, 9.73 inches in depth and 0.71 inches in height. Winner: 15.4″ MacBook Pro Retina Appearance Both the Razer Blade Pro and the MacBook Pro Retina are aesthetic showstoppers. Most notable on the Blade is the Switchblade capacitive touchscreen interface,which functions as a trackpad and numpad. You can also use it to check email, browse the internet, watch youtube videos, take screenshots and lot more. But this is an easy win for ye’ old lappy from Cupertino. The MacBook Pro Retina is thinner and lighter with more connectivity and storage options than the Razer Blade Pro. The 14-inch MBPR is also much more portable than the RBP. There is a 14 inch variant of the Razer Blade Pro, which is smaller by design and much lighter. But against the bulkier Razer Blade Pro, the MBPR comes out ahead in design and portability. But we all know those looking for this gaming laptop from Razer, are going to care little about a couple extra pounds. Winner: 14″ MacBook Pro Retina Display This one is difficult. On paper and in a vacuum, so to speak, the MacBook Pro Retina has the more potent Retina Display which is capable of a massive 2880 x 1800 native resolution with 220 ppi. The tech in the panel equates a superior product. But the surrounding tech in the Blade compliments its display much better than what’s in the MBPR. Images and movies are gorgeous on Apple’s window. Yet that resolution is taxed heavily by the underperforming GT 650m GPU with only 1gb of GDDR memory. Razer knows gamers and gaming very well and the Blade Pro is tuned with this experience. The 17.3 inch backlit HD LED display is not as flashy and really not as rich as the Retina. But it looks great still, pushing the now-standard 1920 x 1080. I should also mention each does great video-out. MBR can push 2560 x 1600 across two displays while the Razer Blade Pro can do 3840 x 2160 via HDMI 1.4a audio/video output. Winner: 15″ MacBook Pro Retina Gaming Performance That resolution powered by the newer GTX 765m gpu coupled with nvidia GeForce Experience ensures today’s games run at approximately 60frames per second at 1080 and they look great. Sure blacks are deeper and the contrast is far better with superior color saturation so any static image or HD movie looks better on the MacBook Pro Retina. But gaming is the Razer Blade Pro’s bread and butter. Where the MBPR doesn’t hold high frame rates at in today’s games at either it or the Blade Pro’s native resolution. The Blade Blade Pro has another slight advantage that helps it keep pace with the Retina. It’s using the new Intel Intel 4700H series CPU which comes with integrated HD 4600–a faster step up from the MBPR’s HD 4000 integrated graphics solution. You can be sure Apple will step up their CPU game soon. But for now… Winner: Razer Blade Pro Processor This is nearly a tie. Speeds are just so close. Intel enthusiasts will undoubtedly remind me the Blade is powered by the sparkling-new Intel Core i7-4700HQ Quad-Core Processor clocked at 2.4Ghz with an achieveable 3.4Ghz turbo. Thusly I remind all the MacBook Pro’s older i7 is clocked higher at 2.7Ghz and can be configured to 3.7ghz. Still the Razer Blade Pro steels the win with simple OC ability and a handsome new CPU that one of the best things to hit the mobile sphere in a while. It’s a smaller dies that uses less power (close to 20% reportedly) and generated less heat. Another benefit of Haswell is battery life. It’s hard to see it here. But Haswell is one the reason we can get close to 4hours of intense 1080p gaming out the machine while also powering a demanding capacitive touchscreen trackpad. Moreover, the CPU contains a higher performing integrated GPU option in the HD 4600. Connectivity The MacBook Pro Retina hits hard with a bevy of connectivity options. You get 2x USB 3 ports, 2x Thunderbolt ports, HDMI-out and SDXC card slot for added storage expansion. The Razer Blade Pro is much lighter in this round with 3x USB 3 ports and HDMI out. Each sports headphone jacks but the MBPR packs a dual microphone setup found on the side next to the headphone jack, while the Razer Blade Pro uses a mic positioned up near its webcam above the display. the MBPR does not house a traditional Ethernet cat-5 connection. But the Thunderbolt ports can be used as Gigabit Ethernet with an adapter sold separately. Conversely the Blade Pro features a normal RJ45 Gigbit Ethernet Port for its suped-up Killer Wireless network adapter. The network solutions from Bigfoot Killer Nic can eek out precious extra frames per second by circumventing Windows OS natural network check resulting in lower pings and higher frame rates. Winner: 15″ MacBook Pro Retina Storage The Razer Blade Easily comes close to a win on this one. While the MacBook Pro Retina can reach capacities of 768gb vs the the max 512gb of the Razer Blade Pro, it can’t touch the speed of Razer gaming laptop. With read and write speeds hitting above 550mb/s vs. the MBPR’s 400-440mb/s. MBR does feature a nice SDXC card slot for expanded storage. You will undoubtedly be using one of the 3- USB 3 ports to connect an external drive. Our is a 25gb model but again, the 512gb variant is available for more pennies. Winner: Tie Battery Life The MacBook Pro Retina does 7hours wireless on general use. The Blade will get your 4-5 hours of general use with intense gaming cutting that in half–easily. Winner: 15″ MacBook Pro Retina Price The MacBook Pro Retina can be had for aroudn $2000 now. The Razer Blade Pro is priced at $2500. Winner: 15″ MacBook Air Pro Retina Conclusion These are both exceptional machines. The Razer Blade Pro is more of a luxury item but I can’t stop playing with it. For some reason, I want to use this thing more than any laptop I’ve used. The switchblade interface is more refined than when saw it on the Deathstrike keyboard, the key are snappy and responsive. It boots to the desktop in under 5-seconds and it games likes a true desktop can. However, it’s about $500 more yet the performance gain doen’t equate the costdifference. So if you’re looking for a super thin super efficient dedicated gaming system, you may want to look to the Razer Blade without the “Pro” in the moniker. But if overal the MacBook Pro Retina still the win. It can play the same games at lower frame rates/or lower resolutions. That aside, it can do everything the Blade can do minus the tricks of novelty found on the Switchblade trackpad. Overall Winner: 15″ MacBook Pro Retina Tweet It Like It Google + Linkedin Pin it Stumble Shawn Sanders Sponsored Content Related Posts Dell’s Adamo Laptop Finally Unveiled, Price And Release Date Announced Dell Inspiron Mini 12 Netbook: Pretty, But One Dull Dell Dell Studio Launches 14z Laptop, A Student Friendly Machine 2014 Dell Inspiron 15 5000 Notebook with Core i5 Drops to $520 Hands On With Dell Inspiron Mini 9 Dell Adds 128MB Solid State Hard Drive Options To Notebooks 9 Comments to Razer BLADE Pro Vs. MacBook Pro Retina Display (comparison) The T on I have used both and still using . Razer is magic . stop these funny compares Reply Marco on What about the macbook mousepad vs razer blade pro touch pad, for me it is not he macbook pro the winner Reply Sam on What’s proofreading? Reply espeyswims on lol wut? Macbook can play the same games with lower fps… “play the same games”. Well… if all games are on steam than yes, that is true. Reply espeyswims on One thing that you need to keep in mind as far as battery life is concerned with the rMBP (in my experience) is that when running in boot camp it takes a generous chunk out of the longevity, and most of the games I have are on Windows (so to ME that makes a difference). Also when saying that the rMBP can just run the games in a lower resolution, doesn’t that defeat the purpose of the high pixel density (not to mention the rMBP tends to look like poop at anything other than native (to be expected) and half res is way too large for most games on a 15″ screen). And one could say “Just spend the extra and get the 2.7 ghz processor in the MBP” Ok, but that doesn’t solve any problems; in all macs the GPU is by FAR the bottleneck for gaming of any sort. If Apple would listen and make a model with like a GTX770m or so; there would simply be no competition in my book. (oh and they should add an actual discrete card to the iMac, none of this mobile poop!) Don’t get me wrong, the MBP is a great machine. But the machines spec’d out for this review are not evenly matched. The prices are a bit off as well, spec’d how I bought my Razer they are both pushing 3k (512 SSD and extended warranty). One last note, (some may view this as a negative but it helps) all of the ddr chips on Razer are soldered on the board, as well as the SSD. Razer also doesn’t have the burn in issues that some of the Retina displays have! Reply TheQuestian on It did seem a bit biased, in my opinion, but it doesn’t really bother me. What bothers me is the preconceived notion that Razer makes gaming laptops, and therefore only gamers need apply. People have continually said that the only reason they would buy a Razer is for gaming, and that they wouldn’t do so because they could buy a better gaming laptop, or a desktop for cheaper. But if you take gaming out of the equation, the Razer Blade Pro is still basically a MBP that runs Windows natively. And what’s bad about that? All of the reasons for buying are the same [aesthetics, power, content creation capability, style points, etc.] with the exception of users who require OSX. Obviously the Razer is not directed at them, but there is certainly a market. I wouldn’t game on the Razer [I would buy the smaller one, personally], because my desktop fills that purpose, but even so it’s an EXTREMELY powerful laptop built with aesthetics and portability in mind. I don’t see that as a bad thing. Sure, there are more powerful laptops, and there are slimmer laptops. But that could be said of the MBP as well. Why does no one say it? Seems like a double standard. I want to run Windows natively, and I want a powerful machine for productivity and content creation. I want a laptop that is not a brick and does not look like a three-inch-thick warship. Based on those criteria, I don’t think there’s another machine that can compete performance-wise. I do wish for a better panel, on paper, but I haven’t seen it in person, so the jury’s still out on that one. Reply Wyatt Cooper on Doesn’t really seem biased. I have used both computers, and agree with everything he said. The only reason I would buy the Razer would be to game, but then I would buy a desktop for much cheaper. The rMPB has better battery life, screen, is more customizable, and looks better. The Razer has slightly better performance, which shows especially for gaming. If I had to choose between these 2, I would choose the Mac. Reply Ayo on apple bias again reviewr is an isheep Reply Steve on This review is inaccurate and ignorant to say the least. Pay ABSOLUTELY NO HEED TO THIS PERSON, HE HAS A BRAIN AS BIG AS AN OSTRICH’S. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website ← Previous Post Next Post → Follow us 21,004 Fans 13,315 Subscribers 10,829 Followers Recent Reviews Home Security Systems Best Home Security System: Top 5 of 2016 DSLR Cameras Best DSLR Camera 2016 Projectors 5 of the Best Home Theater Projectors for 2016 Bluetooth Speakers 10 of the Best Bluetooth Speakers 2016 Office Chair Best Office Chair 2016 – The No Bulls#*t Guide to Sitting Wireless Routers Best Wireless Router 2016 – The In Depth Buyer’s Guide Radar Detectors Best Radar Detector 2016: Long-Range Driver Protection Cell Phones Best Smartphone 2016 ChromeBook Review Best Chromebook of 2016 Gaming Laptops Best Gaming Laptop – The Beginner’s Guide to Portable Gaming Ultra HD 4K TVs Best 4K TV for 2016 Blenders Best Blenders 2016 LED TVs Best 32 LED TV Wine Accessories Best Wine Fridge Gadget Review is home to some of the best consumer reviews online on top gadgets ranging from the best gadgets to the top home security systems, the best satellite tv networks and top ten product comparisons. Do you want to make an educated buying decision and shop online with confidence? Get the best deals online and geek out with the latest desktop computers, best gaming laptops, best headphones and the latest gadget news and top product reviews online. Gadget Review also has some of the best software reviews and consumer services reviews online with top ten consumer product comparisons to the latest gadget news, to top gadgets ranging from the top home security systems, the best satellite tv networks and expert product reviews, as well as the best product daily deals and giveaways. Gadget Review © 2016 | Your lifestyle gadget site. All Rights Reserved. ----- About Privacy Terms News Categories Contact HTML XML
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video YANG: coming soon to a router near you IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH YANG: coming soon to a router near you Satya Nadella hits Sydney and channels Steve O'Ballmer from eight years ago Is that your television? Or a zero client running a virtual desktop? SpectraLogic SLACSS off to speed HPC archiving Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Gone in 70 seconds: Linux can be owned by holding Enter key If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets Twitter rolls out troll controls DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed More like this 5g Networks Verizon boss: Yahoo! email hack 'is a big deal to us', we'll decide new price next month Lowell McAdam talks acquisitions, 5G and IoT 24 Oct 2016 at 23:44, Kieren McCarthy Kieren McCarthy Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Security , Iana, Icann, Fcc, Google Recent Articles Samsung ties Thread into two new IoT Artik chips Benioff on being hacked: We're looking into some next-gen fax machines That time Brian Krzanich had dinner with Elon Musk, Marc Benioff, David Blaine and Lars from Metallica Verizon is going to decide how much it is willing to pay for Yahoo! next month when an investigation into its massive security breach is completed. Speaking at Intel Capital's Global Summit in San Diego on Monday, Verizon CEO Lowell McAdam said that the breach last month, which saw 500 million people's email accounts compromised, was "a big deal. A big deal to Yahoo! management and a big deal to us." He said that experts pulled in by Yahoo! to dig into the forensics of the hack were "well into it," and the results were expected "in a few weeks." He added that Verizon's staff were also involved and were following the situation closely. He dismissed the notion that Verizon could walk away from the deal however – something that the company's general counsel had publicly pondered earlier this month – saying that the acquisition of Yahoo! was "a part of our digital strategy." He did lend weight to the suggestion that Verizon is going to ask for a significant discount on its agreed $4.8bn purchase, however. Once the investigation was over, "then we can make a determination" as to the purchase price, McAdam said, adding: "The impact on the overall deal will be decided in the next few weeks." Time Warner As for the other big acquisition news – AT&T's proposed $85bn purchase of Time Warner – McAdam was sanguine. "I wasn't surprised at all," he said when asked about his first reaction to the news. "If anything, since Fox made an offer for Time Warner, I was surprised that it took this long." He contrasted AT&T's "traditional media route" with Verizon's digital media approach and said that the acquisition made sense both for AT&T and for the broader market, dismissing criticism that the purchase could create companies with too much market power. "The criticism leveled at the deal reminds me of 1998/9," McAdam said, "when we were starting to roll up wireless companies and people said companies would get too big, and have too much power. Well, that was completely backwards. I don't think we would have invested as much in 3G or 4G without that scale." He did foresee some concern and opposition from content providers to the deal, but argued that unless there was some vertical integration, we wouldn't see the necessary "disruption and innovation" in the market. 5G The rest of the time, McAdam waxed lyrical about the advantages of the next generation of mobile phone technology – 5G. The introduction of 5G opens up all sorts of new possibilities, he noted, telling one story about how, over a 5G connection, Verizon execs were able to drive a remote car around a track. "When we switched back to 4G, no one could get it around the first curve," he noted. 5G will provide much greater bandwidth and much lower latency – making it ideal for a new generation of devices from virtual reality to autonomous cars to smart city technology to drones – but due to it using a much higher frequency, data cannot travel as far. McAdam thinks of 5G as "wireless fiber" and said that Verizon's big focus was on how to provide it to people without having to directly connect up their homes. "Half the cost of fiber to the home is inside those four walls," he noted. "So if we can come out 200 meters, we can save half the cost." Verizon is trialing 5G base stations from 200 feet to 2,000 meters away from homes. He sees the technology as bringing "more disruption to the cable industry," and didn't rule out Verizon becoming a cable provider. The other big advantage of 5G to the mobile industry, he said, is that it doesn't require pulling out old equipment. "When we moved from 3G to 4G, we had to replace all the hardware," he noted. "But 5G is an overlay." ® Sponsored: Boost business agility and insight with flash storage for analytics Tips and corrections 5 Comments More from The Register Ofcom kicks off 5G auction consultation But what about the delayed auction for more 4G capacity? 5 Comments BT and Nokia slink off together, muttering about 5G tech Operators join hands for laboratory love-in 8 Comments GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Spectrum uncertainty giving mobe industry the chills 2 Comments What's 5G? Who knows, but Qualcomm's designed a modem for it Snapdragon X50 will push 5G bps through 800 MHz of mm-wave spectrum 5 Comments 3GPP sets 2018 as freeze date for 5G air interfaces LTE control plane will help ease carrier transition 5 Comments European Telecoms Standards Institute to World+Dog: please start caring about 5G Industry verticals, busy trying to make money, aren't paying attention to the telco biz's future 4 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile The need for comprehensive email security is greater than ever Email continues to be the most common attack vector by which networks are compromised and malware spread. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Spotlight Will 5G give Samsung a chance at global Radio Access Network glory? Australia's Telstra and Optus outed as two of the world's six most expensive ISPs IBM makes meek apology for Oz #CensusFail, offers no fail detail Will AI spell the end of humanity? The tech industry wants you to think so The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Bad news, Trump. NASty storage is pretty popular, too New measurement alert. The Pogba: 1,200Pg = NHS annual budget Lessons from the Mini: Before revamping or rebooting anything, please read this Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.


Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team Disrupt LondonCo-founder Of DeepMind, Mustafa Suleyman, To Speak At Disrupt London Save £250 On Tickets Now Virtual Reality MIT’s new MoVR system makes wireless VR possible with any headset Survive on Mars in VR on HTC Vive and PSVR starting November 15 HTC’s Vive VR headset gets unplugged via $220 wireless add-on Browse more... hmd Former CEO of Angry Birds-maker Rovio tapped to help bring Nokia handsets back Microsoft offloads Nokia feature phone business to Foxconn for $350M Moverio: Epson Announces World’s First See-Through 3D Head-Mounted Display Browse more... VR Just in time for Daydream, YouTube launches its standalone VR app This crazy $30,000 drone gives your 360° video wings Crunch Report | Facebook’s Election Hub Browse more... dolby Ray Dolby, Father Of Modern Noise Reduction, Dead At 80 Dolby Sues RIM Over Patent Infringement, Aims To Halt Sales Of BlackBerry Devices Dalby Announces Lighter, Sexier* 3D Glasses Browse more... dysonics Virgin America Is Bringing Dysonic’s “3D Sound” Into The Air Browse more... VR audio startup Dysonics closes Series A led by Intel Capital Posted Oct 24, 2016 by Lucas Matney (@lucas_matney) 0 SHARES Next Story Uber will deliver up to 5 free flu shots and a free care pack to users If you had the chance to watch the second episode of the new season of Black Mirror, you won’t take much convincing when people tell you how important realistic 3D audio is to immersing you in a virtual reality/mixed reality experience. Dysonics is a startup in the VR audio space looking to build the hardware and software workflows that give VR content creators high-fidelity solutions to bringing top-notch audio into their content. Today, the company closed a Series A investment led by Intel Capital with participation from Rawah Partners.The investment was shared as part of a broader Intel Capital announcement disclosing $38 million in new investments across 12 frontier tech companies including Dysonics. The amount of funding for this specific investment not disclosed. The company had previously raised a $750k seed round in 2012 from Rawah to get the company up and running. Dysonics has a few products out right now, including a head-tracking system called RondoMotion, aimed at bringing head-tracked 360 audio to regular headphones and RondoMic, a high-fidelity all-in-one microphone array capture system. Right now, the company is working with LA-based Radiant Images to handle rentals of the RondoMic. The RondoMic is definitely a product geared towards professional use. First off, the thing is the size of a watermelon and has a carbon fiber shell so it’s pretty apparent that this device means serious business. The RondoMic utilizes eight custom Telefunken M60 FET microphones (the high-end mics retail for about $600 a pop). Dysonics CTO Bob Dalton estimates the RondoMic could likely sell for something above $10,000, but specified that the company largely intends to focus on rentals with this particular version. As Dysonics grows, Dalton tells me it’s looking to looking to grow its market potential outside of solely focusing on high-end professional users and embrace the high-end consumer markets with devices that come in different shapes and sizes but still produce compelling high-quality 360 audio capture. Virtual reality audio is a bit of a wild space at the moment. Despite major presences from established audio giants like Sennheiser and Dolby, there really haven’t been too many standards established. With the high-end high-fidelity hardware the company is making, it would be easy to frame Dysonics as hardware company, but Dalton is weary with that classification. The real growth potential for the company is with its end-to-end VR audio solution. Rondo360 is an application and set of plug-ins that works across digital audio workstations to process binaural audio and make handling 360 audio much more seamless. The system is agnostic to your channel configurations or hardware, meaning it plays nice with most people’s go-to setups. “The world of VR audio is pretty fragmented at the moment,” Dalton told me. “The market is kind of open to new solutions that can solve a lot of these problems in terms of the overall fidelity, the realism of the experience, the distribution of the content and the performance on the playback side.” 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Dysonics Founded 2012 Overview The Dysonics team have been leaders in human audio perception and spatial sound capture and reproduction research for over 15 years. The core Dysonics technology was developed in the Center for Image Processing and Integrated Computing (CIPIC) lab at the University of California, Davis. In 2012 Dysonics emerged from the newly created UC Davis technology incubator (ETTC) to commercialize our revolutionary … Location San Francisco, CA Categories Mobile Devices, Music, Motion Capture Founders Robert Dalton, V. Ralph Algazi Website http://dysonics.com Full profile for Dysonics Intel Capital Founded 1991 Overview Intel Capital is an investment firm that is focused on mergers, acquisitions, and equity investments related to tech startups. The company invests in a broad range of companies that offers hardware, software, and services targeting the enterprise, mobility, consumer internet, digital media, and semiconductor manufacturing sectors. The company focuses on helping entrepreneurs scale from startups … Location Santa Clara, CA Categories Enterprise, CleanTech, Venture Capital Website http://www.intelcapital.com Full profile for Intel Capital Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe Latest Crunch Report Facebook's Fake News Problem | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes hmd VR dolby dysonics Virtual Reality Popular Posts Featured Stories June Intelligent Oven Review VIDEO | 4:50 | Reviews This is why Snapchat didn’t give Spectacles to techies 7 hours ago | Josh Constine Chinese scientists CRISPR a human for the first time 8 hours ago | Sarah Buhr Snapchat has reportedly filed confidentially for its massive IPO 10 hours ago | Matthew Lynley DJI’s Inspire 2 gets a second camera for first-person video feeds 12 hours ago | Brian Heater Latest From TechCrunch Samsung’s latest acquisition could pave the way for its own iMessage-type service 24 minutes ago | Jon Russell Former Twitter India head joins Times Internet to lead its global partnerships business 44 minutes ago | Jon Russell “Anti-smartphone” Light Phone runs into delays 2 hours ago | Haje Jan Kamps Crunch Report | Facebook’s Fake News Problem 2 hours ago | Khaled "Tito" Hamze Comment moderation powered by Up Next Uber will deliver up to 5 free flu shots and a free care pack to users Posted Oct 24, 2016 CrunchBoard Job Listings Director, Software Security @ Practice Fusion at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Developer at CastleBranch (Wilmington, NC, United States) Infrastructure Engineer Tango at The Sourcery (Mountain View, CA, United States) Senior Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2016 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular This is why Snapchat didn’t give Spectacles to techies 7 hours ago by Josh Constine Snapchat has reportedly filed confidentially for its massive IPO 10 hours ago by Matthew Lynley Chinese scientists CRISPR a human for the first time 8 hours ago by Sarah Buhr Google’s AI Experiments help you understand neural networks by playing with them 9 hours ago by Devin Coldewey WhatsApp launches video calling for everyone yesterday by Josh Constine, Sarah Perez Happy 20th birthday, ICQ! 7 hours ago by Devin Coldewey Budget US Android smartphones found secretly sending personal data to China 12 hours ago by Natasha Lomas “Anti-smartphone” Light Phone runs into delays 2 hours ago by Haje Jan Kamps
Mittwoch, 16.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»iBionext Growth Fund Initiates Its First Investment in Chronocam in a 15M$ Series B Round 24.10.2016 | 22:21 (9 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) Business Wire·Mehr Nachrichten von Business Wire iBionext Growth Fund Initiates Its First Investment in Chronocam in a 15M$ Series B Round Intel Capital, 360 Capital Partners, CEA Investissement, Renault-Nissan, and Robert Bosch VC also participated iBionext Growth Fund, a new venture capital fund launched in early 2016, which builds, accompanies and leads the financing of disruptive healthcare startups, today announced a first investment in a 15M$ Series B financing in Chronocam. Chronocam was co-founded and seeded by its Chairman Bernard Gilly and the iBionext team in 2014, after a maturation phase of 18 months. Located within the "Passage of innovation" in Paris, Chronocam will continue to leverage the support of the iBionext network throughout its development. Alexia Perouse, CEO Managing Partner of iBionext commented: "Initiated within our ecosystem two years ago, Chronocam is the fourth game-changing startup created and actively supported by iBionext. We have been looking very closely at the development of the company and were convinced about its potential for market disruption since the beginning. We are excited to witness the progress Chronocam has made so far and to invest massively in this new phase of growth." The funds raised will be used by Chronocam to continue building a world-class team to accelerate product development and commercialize its computer vision sensing and processing technology. The funding will also allow the company to expand into key markets, including the US and Asia. Chronocam's proprietary approach leverages the company's deep expertise in vision technology, sensor design and neuromorphic computing, which has led to several patents for its CMOS technology. The Chronocam method uses innovative data capture techniques to greatly improve performance, dynamic range and power efficiency of cameras in a wide range of applications. "Conventional computer vision approaches are not well-suited to the requirements of a new generation of vision-enabled systems: autonomous vehicles require faster sensing systems which can operate in a wider variety of ambient conditions; in the IoT segment, power budgets, bandwidth requirements and integration within sensor networks make today's vision technologies impractical and ineffective," said Luca Verre, Co-founder and CEO of Chronocam. "Chronocam's unique bio-inspired technology introduces a new paradigm in capturing and processing visual data, and addresses the most pressing market challenges head-on. We appreciate the confidence demonstrated by our investors as we roll out our technology to an increasing number of customers. About Chronocam www.chronocam.com About iBionext http://ibionext.com/ View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161024006225/en/ Contacts: Contact Ibionext +33176214750 contact@ibionext.com www.ibionext.com or Press Annie-Florence Loyer +33688203559 +33144710012 afloyer@newcap.fr © 2016 Business Wire Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Immersive Audio Company Dysonics Receives Series A Funding Led by Intel Capital Immersive Audio Company Dysonics Receives Series A Funding Led by Intel Capital Posted on October 24, 2016 by Benzinga Full Feed in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer Latest round supports rapid acceleration of Dysonics’ immersive audio software and hardware technologies for capture, creation, and playback of next generation content including Virtual Reality San Diego, California (PRWEB) October 24, 2016 Dysonics, a pioneer in spatial headphone audio technology, today announced that it has raised a Series A financing round led by Intel Capital, along with participation from Rawah Partners. Leveraging over 20 years of University research, Dysonics delivers a variety of patented technologies and products that yield lifelike 360° sound experiences over any headphones, giving listeners a remarkable sense of presence for both live and prerecorded content. This funding comes as Dysonics expands commercialization of its core technologies to hardware manufacturers, content creators, and media platforms in markets including: music, movies, gaming, virtual reality, augmented reality, and 360 media. Core technologies include: — Industry-leading software tools for spatial/360 audio production — Proprietary 360 degree microphone arrays for live capture/broadcasting — Proprietary 360 degree content analysis and transformation — Motion-tracked 3D audio engine (software or hardware implementations) This investment will support the acceleration of research and product development, as well as marketing, all aimed at delivering the most lifelike headphone audio possible via consumer tools and embedded solutions. “The media industry is undergoing a rare and rapid paradigm shift to support new immersive media formats that are being driven by mobile computing and virtual/augmented reality. This change requires fundamental re-engineering in all areas of content production and distribution,” said Dysonics Co-Founder & CTO Robert Dalton Jr. “Dysonics has been pioneering spatial audio research for over 20 years. The investment from Intel Capital allows us to aggressively expand technology development across hardware and software products as we continue our mission of redefining the world of headphone audio.” “As Intel remains heavily focused on enabling rich content experiences across existing and emerging platforms and devices, the importance of delivering compelling audio is top of mind,” said Ron Friedman, corporate vice president and general manager, Integrated IP and Technology group at Intel. “With headphones ubiquitous in today’s world, paired with the rise of new immersive media forms like virtual reality, we’re excited by the opportunity to accelerate the deployment of Dysonics’ innovative spatial audio technologies.” About Dysonics: Building on over 20 years of academic research, Dysonics emerged from the UC Davis technology incubator (ETTC) In 2012 to bring to market a revolution in 3D audio and motion-tracking for headphones. In 2014 Dysonics introduced RondoMotion, the world’s first wireless motion sensor for headphones, bringing the first ever interactive 360° audio experience to the consumer market. Dysonics also provides content encoding technology to 12 U.S. and International airlines, giving passengers a cinematic surround sound experience over headphones for select in-flight entertainment features. Based in San Francisco, Dysonics holds a number of patents in spatial audio capture and reproduction, and is comprised of research and industry visionaries who have worked with Stanford University, University of Texas, UC Davis, Microsoft, Adobe and Live Nation. In addition to building industry leading 360 binaural microphones, Dysonics develops software for spatial audio content creation, live broadcasting, and playback. For more info, visit http://www.dysonics.com. About Intel Capital: Intel Capital, Intel's strategic investment and M&A organization, backs innovative startups targeting computing and smart devices, cloud, datacenter, security, the Internet of Things, wearable and robotic technologies and semiconductor manufacturing. Since 1991, Intel Capital has invested US$11.7 billion in 1,457 companies worldwide, and 605 portfolio companies have gone public or been acquired. Through its business development programs, Intel Capital curates thousands of introductions each year between its portfolio executives and Intel's customers and partners in the Global 2000. For more information on what makes Intel Capital one of the world’s most powerful venture capital firms, visit http://www.intelcapital.com or follow @Intelcapital. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/Dysonics/IntelCapital/prweb13787186.htm Latest News Flipbook Animation Software FlipHTML5 is Suitable for Interactive Content Publishing Konstantinos Kazinakis – United Bunkers Investors Corporation – Offers Guidelines for Successful Implementation of Shipping and Logistics Ad Age Recognizes BusinessOnline as One of the Best Places to Work 2016 Najib Babul – On the Accuracy of Pain Memory Julius Numavicius – On the Importance of Philanthropy Suprema to Unveil BioMini Slim 2, World’s Slimmest FAP20 Fingerprint Scanner at TRUSTECH 2016 Greenberg Traurig’s Environmental Practice Receives First-Tier Ranking in U.S. News – Best Lawyers 2017 ‘Best Law Firms’ Edition Secureone Security Opens Secureone LiveScan Fingerprinting in Mesa, AZ Greenberg Traurig’s Angel Taveras, Former Providence Mayor, to Speak about the “Politics of Public Sector Pensions” Cosmetic Town Relaunches Its Website with a New Design and New Features © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Myce.com Latest Updates Myce.com Home News Reviews Forum About Contact Home News Reviews Forum About Contact 1 0 0 Go Register Log In Netac N580 m.2 SSD review Toshiba HK4E SATA 1600GB Enterprise SSD Review Samsung 960 Pro M.2 NVMe 1TB SSD Review Toshiba Canvio Connect II 3TB USB 3.0 Hard Drive Toshiba OCZ VX500 512GB SSD Review Crucial Ballistix Elite 3000MHz and 3200MHz DDR4 RAM review Crucial Ballistix Tactical DDR4 RAM review Corsair Neutron XTi 480GB SSD Review Toshiba Canvio for Desktop 6TB USB 3.0 Hard Drive Micron 9100 MAX 2.4TB NVMe Enterprise SSD Review – The New Performance Champion Toshiba OCZ RD400 M.2 NVMe SSD Review Kingston UV400 480GB SSD review – A budget drive Home News Hundreds of thousands Intel File Protect app users risk losing their files Posted 24 October 2016 19:07 CET by Jan Willem Aldershoff Intel’s File Protect app, which encrypts files on smartphones, will be discontinued and due to that hundreds of thousands of users risk losing their files. The app, available for Android and iOS will be discontinued from the 10th of November and any data that isn’t exported before that date will be lost. Intel writes on the page of the app, “If you are a current File Protect user or you have used File Protect in the past, please update the File Protect app and then export any files you wish to keep – from your vault to your mobile device. These files will be decrypted automatically. You must export your files before November 10th or you risk losing access to them.” Google Play shows the app is installed on 100,000 to 500,000 Android devices, owners of these devices risk losing their files if they don’t export their files before the 10th of November. Apple’s App Store doesn’t show on how many devices the app is installed. Users are warned on Google Play and Apple App Store pages but most of us don’t visit those pages anymore once an app is installed. As the app itself is pretty much set-and-forget, the notification in the app itself might also not been read by many users of the app before the deadlines expires on the 10th of November. New users of the app are immediately warned about the discontinuation of the app and Intel has disabled the import, protected photos, file share and cloud backup features. The Intel File Protect app could be used to encrypt files, photos and videos on a smartphone or tablet. The files could then also be synced to Google Drive and Dropbox. Another feature was ‘Quick Secure Snap’ which allowed pictures and video to be saved encrypted in the gallery. The app’s discontinuation is “part of any product lifecycle that helps to drive better user experiences”, Intel writes. The company adds that it will implement “what it has learned from File Protect in the development of future products.” Related Forum: Latest News Headlines Related Tags: intel android ios Hackers obtained login data of hundreds of thousands uTorrent forum users Microsoft releases update to protect Internet Explorer and Edge users against drive-by-download attacks Cookie Policy Intel 750 1.2TB NVMe PCIe SSD Review TSJnachos117 MyCE Resident Posted on: 26 Oct 16 00:56 I don't see any reason why users couldn't keep using this app after it's discontinuation date. After all, what good does it do for users to not be able to decrypt their files after the fact? I'm going to take a guess and say this app is probably tied into some DRM nonsense, which in turn probably requires downloading code from a server to run. This is a very short-sited way of writing apps, and all-too-frequently results in frustrating situations like this one. IMHO anything that can be done without relying on internet servers should be done without relying on internet servers. It's the only way to make sure a random sever outage can't cause an app to cease working. 0 Agree Register Login Register to Myce.com Register in 10 seconds, pick a username, enter your mail address and proof you're human, that's all! Username required An username is required and can only contain letters and numbers E-mail required Email is required, we'll send the password there Create account Welcome back Sign in with your Myce account. Not a member yet? Create an account Username A username is required and can only contain letters and numbers Password A password is required Login Post your comment Your message: Post comment Hot Threads Lite-On iHAS122-Fjadburner, last post: rainydiary 13 Samsung SE-506ABjadburner, last post: jadburner 256 hosts filecholla, last post: coolcolors 284 New build--some opinions and suggestions wantedgonca, last post: vroom 3 Moser Baer IndiaOC-Freak, last post: pepst 143 You've got to read this! ExpressVPN: is its claim of being the fastest VPN on earth correct? Fri 11 Nov 05:11 by DoMiN8ToR In this review we're going to look at the service provided by VPN provider ExpressVPN... Kaspersky Lab files complaint against Microsoft for giving unfair advantage to Windows Defender Thu 10 Nov 07:11 by DoMiN8ToR Russian antivirus vendor Kaspersky Lab has asked antitrust regulators in various coun... New Google Safe Browsing website allows users to report phising sites and malware Fri 11 Nov 07:11 by DoMiN8ToR Google has launched a new Safe Browsing website where users can easily report phishing sit... Google gets tough on websites that repeatedly contain malcious content Wed 9 Nov 06:11 by DoMiN8ToR Google will start to mark websites that repeatedly contain harmful content, the search gia... Google Play Music will play music based on your location, activity and the weather Mon 14 Nov 07:11 by DoMiN8ToR Google's music streaming service Play Music will start to suggest music based on the locat... Latest Comments Thanks for posting our news, Wombler WhatsApp privacywise anyway - oh, that may be out of line in this context Quote: Originally Posted by... Quote: Originally Posted by... Not exactly a shining example of good customer service but then we've seen... Christ, now what are we? Zombies? Soon they'll select the movie to stream... Quote: Originally Posted by... Quote: Originally Posted by... What's going on? rainydiary added a forum post to Lite-On iHAS122-F Mr. Belvedere added a forum post to Funny pictures you've found on the net jadburner added a forum post to Lite-On iHAS122-F rainydiary added a forum post to Lite-On iHAS122-F jadburner added a forum post to Lite-On iHAS122-F Myce.com settings Several settings at Myce.com can be changed, they are stored in cookies, which means they will be reset if you clear Myce.com cookies Background Change the background to a plain color or trianglified image (similar to the default image) None / Default White Black Grey Artic Blue Indian Summer Gorgeous Green Salmon On Fire Purple Rain Grey Pink Baby No tracking features At Myce most social media feature are done server side and impose no privacy risk to the visitor when not used. Several features use Javascript with you can turn off here Remove Facebook / Google Plus tracking Remove advertisements Layout Switch to the List layout for an index with chronologycally listed news items or Grid layout for a block based layout. To see the change you need to reload the page Grid(default) List Submit Back to default × Content News Reviews Forum Hardware Forums SSD and HDD Blu-ray Burners General Hardware Blank Media Memory Cards Software Forums Video Edit Burning Software Movie Copy Windows 10 Android Legal Privacy policy Terms Cookie policy About About Brand & Award guidelines Advertising Contact Powered by Philaeum Wetboeken.online Follow us
Skip to content harishtheblogger Menu About Experiences WHAT GAMES DID TO ME! Posted by harish1996 on October 24, 2016October 24, 2016 One fine day, as I was reading a blog named “Screw Finding your passion” written by someone amazing . It caused me to think about my life and what I have been doing with it and I realised something special indeed. So I decided to share something about it .This is the 2nd part of my blog (How Games defined the Sessions of My Life – Part I), a hastily named one. I regret adding the part ‘ Part 1’ in it , and since it was so crappy that I didn’t care about doing the 2nd part anytime soon . But screw it; here i am with Part 2. If you have already read the first one, I assure you that this is not something similar.. So it all started with the Big Bang… Sorry (Too much Sitcoms recently). It all started when I was casually hanging out at my cousin’s friend’s place. With a very little knowledge about computer games then, I didn’t even know that computers can be used for playing (Considering that my current PC has 10 games, most of them which i have forgotten about), I got to see him playing some game in his PC. It took me a minute to realise that it was actually a game then. It had a small animated person walking with an axe in a vast land and reaching a tree to tap it for 10 seconds and carry timber like something to construct his building. ‘I was confused’ is an understatement. I wondered whether they had games like this!? Only after I started to get my concentration in it, I realised that it was indeed a war game, where we build our empire big enough to defeat the enemies. There was fighting at sea .. Ships throwing balls of flame at the each other .. both barely moving ..(Why cant it move when a ball approaches like that ?! ). At last, one ship survived. “Yes!!” My friend exclaimed! “That’s it? “, I asked. He laughed and continued. When the ship came to the land, he did some clicking to bring the same man with the axe and summoned him to the ship. The man started tapping near the ship ! Tap.. tap .. tap…. Voila! The ship’s HP is full now. I was too into the game that I didn’t realise that my cousin was waiting outside for me and my friend and he was screaming “ Dei ! Seekirama vandhu tholainga da ( Get the hell out of there man ! )”. I unhappily walked out and after a while asked the name of the game. He said it was “Age of Empires”. That stuck in my head for a very long time. It wasn’t long after that I again witnessed him playing. This time there was land warfare. Soldiers were severely injured. Now I asked “Kappala repair panna maari .. manushana repair panna yaaradhu irukaangala? (Is there a person to repair the humans like the one who repaired that ship?)”. He burst into laughter and said “itho ivan pannuvan paaru ipo!” pointing to an old man with a small stick ( A Monk ) . Miraculously enough the health restored. We were glad and went out to play (Sad! No? ). That session of gaming ended, but it planted a seed in my mind for more! This slideshow requires JavaScript. Play-Stations overtook . My Dear friend one day bought a PS-2. That sounded the death knell for his peace. I started hanging out at his place at odd times, but he was too kind to ignore all of that. There was a famous game called “Smack Down – Here Comes the Pain”. Due to the lack of memory cards, we could not save our progress. Once he bought that, we started playing the ‘Season mode’, which was boring for him. But for me, it was all I wanted .Little did I know that I was chasing a particular genre of games-“Strategy”. Can anyone not remember this loading screen !? When we had PCs for the first time, it had Windows 2000, 64 MB RAM, Intel P2 (Ancient times!!) I had a name reverberating in my mind for 3 long years.“Age of Empires”. I desperately tried to get my hands on it, with little luck . But once I got that , I was in for a greater shock ! My PC doesn’t support AOE!! After some days , I moved on and met my friend who had an amazing PC with 1 GB RAM ! The games he played was too much for me to even know the name! So I got a CD which he was sure that it didn’t work anymore. When I put that CD in my PC, Shock! It worked for me .I installed all the programs in it. And started trying out the first game at 3 pm! The game was “SIMS 2”. A Version of Sims 2 First of all, I was amused to see a game actually working in my PC. But then, I played..played ..and played until the PC went off on its own at exactly 12 AM ! That was the last day that I saw my PC in ‘ON’ condition that year, and it was only March! Yes I blew some fuse off in my PC due to overuse. My thirst for AOE , got quenched when the same friend bought a laptop . The first thing i did without his knowledge was to install Age Of Empires . For some days , it remained like that before the day he found out that i was playing a different game after all ( So close we were…) . As Usual , my friend doesn’t like those stuff and is a hardcore action lover . So he obviously hated games where all the action we can get was 2 persons making sounds like ting..cling..ting..cling.. with their swords as if they were fighting or something .He was unpleasant with the idea , but didn’t want to hurt me , so allowed me to play in his laptop while he tried to like that game ( which he never did ) . But Sadly all madness leaves you once you have an overdose . I was playing so much , so that i finished the game off in 5 days ( It was quite small for a game like AOE ) .I quite had enough of Age Of Empires for now . So i quit playing that in his laptop . The next checkpoint of my gaming life is when i bought ( or was gifted ! ) a PC , a better one . With 512 MBs of RAM and Intel P4 . Now i knew very well due to the computer knowledge i obtained by spoiling the Operating System of my friend’s laptop , that my PC now can support AOE ! ( Don’t wonder how i got something unrelated from that ! ) .But i didn’t rush , because anyway i don’t have the rage i used to have . So i ran into another game called ‘Simcity’ . One look of the gameplay , and i knew that this is my next addiction .The fact that Simcity 2 was a game made in 1980s never deterred me . For me the graphics didn’t matter . All that mattered was the tiny population reacting somewhat exactly like they would to in real life . It was like being a real life Mayor . Seriously , anyone even remotely thinking of taking up a political role , should give it a try . There are always something to do , even though it seems like i sat there for more than 4 hours simply ( Isn’t that what political persons do ?) . When i told about these games to my friends , they wondered how a person from 21st century can actually find it interesting to play games like that . Because all they liked was “Grand Theft Auto”s , “Freedom Fighter”s and “Assasin’s creed”s , that they couldn’t even imagine playing DOS graphics games anymore .Like all the good things i had , i gave myself an overdose of all Simcity versions that my PC can handle ( 1,2,3,4 etc. ) and now again i was bored . This slideshow requires JavaScript. I still don’t know about internet , so i am in for greater surprises . I thought ‘Simcity’ , ‘AOE’ , ‘Sims’ came under the same genre – “Strategy” . The next stop was when i got Internet ( a Broadband ) . In the mean time , too many things changed . I changed two phones ; My PC now had 4GB RAM , AMD A8 ; My Dearest Friend left for France; Sachin had retired and Osama died ..I had found a ‘somewhat AOE match’ in Clash of Clans , but somewhere i felt the void . The mainstream strategy element was missing .The 2nd thing i did with my internet was install DOTA-2 . DOTA 2 I have seen my friend ( another one ) play DOTA and he reportedly played it for more than 8 hours , that he looked hideous on the morning of the next day ( Same madness ! ) . I knew that it was my next evolution . It was pretty easy for me adapt to game style of DOTA since i already had similar controls experience in Age Of Empires ( Considering some of my friends taking a month to get a hang of the controls ) . But the biggest difference here was , you controlled one person and only one !! This surprised me initially because i am used to control 200 troops in AOE at a time , So i felt a lot different playing it . But due to the incredible competitiveness of online play ( Remember i never played online AOE , since i never had an original version and an internet ! ) , it was a lot difficult and fun when compared to AOE . Gradually it turned to madness . More friends joined me and easily surpassed my expertise ( ) and when life seemed smooth enough , The 5th semester results came .. GPA of 7.56 down from 8.46 .. Shit ! I thought the fun took a toll on my education and quit DOTA for like 2 months . In those 2 months , i was infecting the world with a lot of my statuses in facebook so much that , Anna University decided to stop that by getting my GPA back to 8.46 in the revaluation result ( True incident , 0.9 increase almost gave me and my friends a heart attack ! ). Now that i assumed that DOTA has nothing to do with my education , i started again ! By then , all my friends who i introduced to DOTA , have become professionals with MMR ( Match Making Rating ) 1200+ , while i barely managed to get my MMR to 445 . Now to even play ranked with them , i have to get my MMR up by 600 !! So interests waned , i sought for others ! That’s where i found another one . ‘Transport Tycoon’ . It was yet again the same story as ‘Simcity’ . It was then that i found out that TT , Sims , Simcity came under a different banner called ‘Simulation’ . When i searched the similar games , i got the feeling that Po gets during KFP-3 .. “ Wow there are a whole world of them ! “ . In between Simcity and DOTA-2 , i grabbed an addiction called “From the Pavilion” . It inspired me so much , that i tried creating a ‘Cricket Simulation Engine’ using the C i know ! FTP made me learn a lot about MS Excel ( which i couldn’t during the 2 years of Computer Science at school ) , which gave me quite a name in college ! It was then i started to realise that after all games are not a complete waste of time. Evolution strikes again.. and i know that i don’t like “Strategy” games , i just liked the simulation elements in a strategy game . After that i was looking at a different direction . I am not going to drag this by explaining in detail about every game I have played since. Recently I have been playing a game called ‘Logis Tycoon’, which was too similar to games like ‘Transport Tycoon’ and ‘Simcity’. After this, I was deeply interested in programming games like that . But then wait … What is the use of pursuing games, Instead of studying Machines, Power System and some other thing I am worthless at ? So I just quit that though . Ever since I joined engineering, I have known that I have taken COC Human Resource Machine From the Pavilion OPEN TTD Logis Tycoon Evolution the wrong path , but still chose to pursue in that way. A lot of things I am good at, seemed useless at many junctures and the one thing I am not good at, seemed like my only option . I started blaming the syllabus, parents, myself for making me like this. After reading that blog, something felt right. Who told that something is not a viable option ? Passion is something that we don’t know the reason for liking and it is also the thing we are so good at, that we wonder how it can be otherwise. Whenever I heard the word passion, I have always thought about subjects, concepts, science, maths or programming and wondered how am I going to get along with it. I didn’t even consider the fact that games can be an option, before I let myself think deeply about my life that day. I have always been very enthusiastic about games. I play games all the time, but yet I don’t know what is my passion ! That blog really asked me so many questions that needed answers. The fact that I loved simulation and strategy games so much.. Does that make me a good decision maker? Or a good manager? I am yet to find out. But now I know what I am looking for! I seriously recommend everyone read that piece to get some insight about what are we looking at when we see ourselves! Thank You for tolerating! Share this: Twitter Facebook Google Like this: Like Loading... age-of-empirescocdotadota2gameslogis-tycoonopen-ttdpassionrealisationsimcitysimssmackdown Post navigation Previous Post PRACTICAL IDEALISM 2 Comments Add yours arvindgrammarnazi says: October 27, 2016 at 5:37 am One of your better articles of yours dude.. I really liked it LikeLike Reply harish1996 says: October 27, 2016 at 5:57 am Thanks LikeLike Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. Post to Cancel %d bloggers like this:
null
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Movidius, Hikvision partner to make smarter security cameras The Movidius Myriad 2 Vision Processing Unit will be used to run deep neural networks for higher accuracy, local video analytics. By Stephanie Condon for Between the Lines | October 24, 2016 -- 17:09 GMT (10:09 PDT) | Topic: Cloud Deep neural networks should enable a security system to detect visual anomalies. Chipmaker Movidius, recently acquired by Intel, is partnering with the Chinese video Internet of Things (IoT) firm Hikvision to build a lineup of smarter security cameras, the companies announced Monday. Using the Movidius Myriad 2 Vision Processing Unit, the cameras will be able to run deep neural networks to perform high-accuracy video analytics on the cameras themselves. Such devices have typically relied on cloud computing power to run deep neural networks, but chipmakers and manufacturers expect to see an increasing amount of data processing happening on edge devices. Deep neural networks should enable a security system to detect visual anomalies like the arrival of suspicious packages or distracted drivers. "Advances in artificial intelligence are revolutionizing the way we think about personal and public security," said Movidius CEO Remi El-Ouazzane in a statement. "The ability to automatically process video in real-time to detect anomalies will have a large impact on the way cities infrastructure are being used. We're delighted to partner with Hikvision to deploy smarter camera networks and contribute to creating safer communities, better transit hubs and more efficient business operations." Intel announced just last month that it was acquiring Movidius, as it builds up its IoT unit. "We see massive potential for Movidius to accelerate our initiatives in new and emerging technologies," said Josh Walden, senior vice president and general manager of Intel's New Technology Group, at the time. In August, Intel laid out its comprehensive 5G, IoT strategy at the Intel Developer Forum. The company demonstrated its commitment to powering edge devices with a demonstration of a smart streetlight, powered by Intel Atom processors. Microsoft continues its pivot to being all about cloud services It's not over for Windows and devices. But Microsoft's future is increasingly about the cloud and subscriptions, as its financials and corporate priorities show. Read More Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Cloud Google unveils new Cloud Machine Learning APIs, tools, and services Enterprise Software Microsoft won't provide extended support for Office 2007 products beyond October 2017 deadline Big Data Analytics Hortonworks comes to the Amazon AWS cloud Cloud Salesforce updates Trailhead to help developers showcase skills × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Top News National City Islamabad Karachi Lahore Muzaffarabad Opinion Editorial Articles Voice of People Contributors Zahid Malik M Ziauddin Masood Khan Gen (R) Mirza Aslam Beg Bipin Dani Gen (R) Mirza Aslam Beg Khalid Saleem Kuldip Nayar M D Nalapat M Ziauddin Masood Khan Robert Clements Salahuddin Haider Sultan M Hali The Spirit Of Islam Zahid Malik Sultan M Hali Khalid Saleem M D Nalapat Kuldip Nayar Bipin Dani Salahuddin Haider Robert Clements Business Economy Watch Islamic Banking & Finance Sports World Health e-paper Social Diary Search Home Contact Us LOG IN Welcome! Log into your account Forgot your password? Recover your password Pakistan Observer Top News National City Islamabad Karachi Lahore Muzaffarabad Opinion Editorial Articles Voice of People Contributors Zahid Malik M Ziauddin Masood Khan Gen (R) Mirza Aslam Beg AllBipin DaniGen (R) Mirza Aslam BegKhalid SaleemKuldip NayarM D NalapatM ZiauddinMasood KhanRobert ClementsSalahuddin HaiderSultan M HaliThe Spirit Of IslamZahid Malik Bipin Dani Motivating players was a big challenge: Wasim Bari National German and Russian functions were refreshing in tension-ridden Karachi Articles Mobile phone and our manners..! Articles Trump presidency: What will it change in ME? Sultan M Hali Khalid Saleem M D Nalapat Kuldip Nayar Bipin Dani Salahuddin Haider Robert Clements Business Economy Watch Islamic Banking & Finance Sports World Health e-paper Social Diary Home Economy Watch Intel announces winners of Sindh Science Fair Economy Watch Intel announces winners of Sindh Science Fair By Webmaster - October 24, 2016 0 61 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Staff Reporter Karachi: Intel Pakistan concluded the Sindh Science Fair in the run-up to the Intel® International Science and Engineering Fair (Intel® ISEF). Intel® ISEF, one of the world’s largest pre-college science competitions, will be held in Los Angeles, California from May 14- May19, 2017. During the Sindh Provincial Science Fair, students from across the province presented research-based projects in the categories of biology, chemistry, computer sciences, mathematics and physics. More than 520 students and 91 teachers from all over Sindh participated in the fair, covering 280 projects. Share this: Print Email Tweet Related SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleRevamping of 40 hospitals would be completed by June next: Salman Next articleGovt to enhance exports of cotton products Webmaster RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Economy Watch Dhabeji industrial zone, Keti Bandar to be part of CPEC: Murad Economy Watch Dar briefed on issues of anti-money laundering Economy Watch KSE-100 index dips with 233 points Digital Newspaper Social Diary Oil & Gas Leap Forward Management Founder: Zahid Malik Editor: Faisal Zahid Malik Executive Editor: Gauhar Zahid Malik Editor Social Diary: Sadia Zahid Malik E-Mail : socialdiarymag@gmail.com magazinesocialdiary@hotmail.com Resident Editor Lahore: ..... E-Mail: obslhr@pakobserver.net Resident Editor Peshawar: Tariq Saeed E-Mail: obspwr@pakobserver.net Group Director Marketing: Khurram Jaffrani E-Mail: khurram_jaffrani@hotmail.com Online Edition : Q Malik / Ch Imran Zafar E-Mail: webmaster@pakobserver.net Contact Us Islamabad: 051-2852027, 051-2852028 E-Mail : observer@pakobserver.net Karachi: 021-35308446-49 E-Mail : obskhi@pakobserver.net Lahore: 042-36306666, 36303333 E-Mail : obslhr@pakobserver.net ABOUT USHead Office Address: Daily Pakistan Observer, Ali AKbar House , Markez G-8, Islamabad Contact us: observer@pakobserver.net FOLLOW US Home Health Voice of People © Copy Rights Reserved . Daily Pakistan Observer MORE STORIES Tractor makers likely to approach CCP against Sindh Govt March 12, 2016 Indonesia’s Product Solo Exhibition -IPSE 2016 on Aug 27-28 August 26, 2016 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals We Rely On Your Support: This site is primarily supported by advertisements. Ads are what have allowed this site to be maintained for the past 12 years. We do our best to ensure only clean, relevant ads are shown, when any nasty ads are detected, we work to remove them ASAP. If you would like to view the site without ads while still supporting our work, please consider our ad-free Phoronix Premium. You can also consider a tip via PayPal. Mesa 13.0 RC2 Released With ANV, RADV, Wayland Fixes Written by Michael Larabel in Mesa on 24 October 2016 at 11:22 AM EDT. Add A Comment The latest Mesa 13.0 weekly release candidate is now available for testing. Mesa 13.0 RC2 was published this morning by Collabora's Emil Velikov. Mesa 13.0-RC2 has several fixes to RADV (Radeon Vulkan driver), ANV (the Intel Vulkan driver), various Wayland code, some GLSL-to-TGSI Gallium3D fixes, some NV50/NVC0 Nouveau fixes, and also one RadeonSI fix. The complete list of Mesa 13.0 RC2 fixes can be found via the mailing list announcement. Weekly release candidates of Mesa 13 are expected until the official 13.0 release in early-to-mid November. Mesa 13.0 has a ton of new functionality including the RADV Radeon Vulkan driver, OpenGL 4.5 for Intel Broadwell and newer, unofficial OpenGL 4.4~4.5 for RadeonSI/NVC0, and more. But as great as it is, there are some features you won't see in Mesa 13.0. Add A Comment Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Mesa News X.Org Foundation Moving Ahead With Becoming A Khronos Adopter For Mesa Ilia Mirkin Takes To Hacking On SWR Gallium3D, Fixes ~600 Piglit Bugs Mesa 13.0.1 Released Threading Support Is In The Works For Raspberry Pi's VC4 Open-Source GPU Driver Mesa 13.0.1 Is Being Prepped For Release, Many OpenGL & Vulkan Driver Fixes Mesa 12.0.4 Released With Dozens Of Fixes Popular News Fedora 25 Is Quite Possibly My Most Favorite Release Yet Project Darling Is Still Trying To Run macOS/OSX Software On Linux OpenGL vs. Vulkan With AMDGPU-PRO 16.40, Compared To NVIDIA On Linux A Number Of KDE Apps Will Be Dropped If They Don't Get Ported To KF5 OpenGL Overload: Implementing OpenGL Over Vulkan The Code To Intel's New Linux Wireless Daemon Is Now Public Latest Linux News GCC Compiler Finishes Nuking Java Support (GCJ) A Walkthrough Of Enlightenment's New Launcher "Luncher" Unity 8 & All Snaps-Based Ubuntu Still Expected For 18.04 LTS X.Org Server 1.19 Officially Released With A Year's Worth Of Improvements Unreal Engine 4.14 Ships With Better Vulkan Support KDE Frameworks 5.28 Brings Many KWayland Improvements, Relative Pointer Protocol Cryptsetup Vulnerability Allows Easily Getting To A Root Shell Intel SDK OpenCL 2016 R3 Brings OpenCL 2.1 & SPIR-V To Linux Raspberry Pi's Desktop Likely Switching To Compton For Better Performance A Very Basic Ubuntu Online Developer Summit Is Happening Now Latest Featured Articles AMDGPU+RadeonSI With Deus Ex: Mankind Divided, One Week Later Intel Kaby Lake HD Graphics 620 OpenGL/Vulkan Performance On Linux Intel Kaby Lake Linux Testing With MSI's Cubi 2 Mini PC Fresh OpenCL + CUDA 8.0 Benchmarks On Kepler/Maxwell/Pascal With NVIDIA 375.10 On Ubuntu Linux 13-Way NVIDIA GeForce + CUDA 8.0 + cuDNN Caffe Benchmarks Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip or Bitcoin. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2016 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
About Us | Newsletter Sign Up Home News Opinion Messages Authors Video Slideshows Teardown Education EELife Events Android Automotive Embedded Industrial Control Internet of Things MCU Medical Memory Open Source PCB Planet Analog Power Management Programmable Logic Prototyping SoC Test & Measurement Wireless & Networking Breaking News NEWS & ANALYSIS: Samsung's Naked Auto Desire: $8B Harman Buy NEWS & ANALYSIS: Siemens to Buy Mentor Graphics in $4.5B Deal NEWS & ANALYSIS: Xilinx to Dive in Hyperscale Race NEWS & ANALYSIS: 7nm SRAMs, 10nm SoC at ISSCC NEWS & ANALYSIS: 2016 ACE Awards Finalists Announced SPONSORED: Spend $3.14 at Arrow.com, get a FREE Raspberry Pi 3! News & Analysis Movidius to Push AI at Edge of Network Surveillance camera deal with Hikvision Junko Yoshida 10/24/2016 11:00 AM EDT 1 Comment NO RATINGS Login to Rate Tweet MADISON, Wis. — Movidius, a leading embedded computer-vision processor company, soon to be acquired by Intel Corp., has agreed with China’s Hikvision to penetrate artificial intelligence (AI) deeper into surveillance cameras. The deal put Movidius in a direct contact with Hikvision (pronounced high-K vision), a Chinese company not only known as a major factor globally in the surveillance market, but also for its expertise in advanced visual analytics. Movidius CEO In a phone interview with EE Times, Movidius CEO, Remi El-Ouazzane, said, “Deploying Artificial Intelligence at the edge [of the network] is becoming a massive trend.” Movidius, which has played a key role behind Google’s Project Tango, has been promoting its ultra low-power vision processing SoC in a number of embedded systems. The company has set its sights on accelerating the adoption of deep learning in a host of applications, including security cameras, drones and augmented reality (AR)/virtual reality (VR), as El-Ouazzane explained. Aside from an extended collaboration with Google in neural network technology, Movidius has been working with DJI, in Shenzhen, China, the world’s leading maker of drones and aerial cameras. Based on Movidius’ vision processor unit called Myriad 2, DJI earlier this year launched its Phantom 4 aircraft, with “the ability to sense and avoid obstacles in real time and hover in a fixed position without the need for a GPS signal,” as described by DJI. Ranked No.1 in scene classification at ImageNet 2016 The deal with Hikvision is geared toward driving Movidius’ embedded vision processor into the world of security cameras. Hikvision security cam Although running Deep Neural Networks has historically required devices to depend on additional computing power in the cloud, Movidius’ ultra-low power Myriad 2 Vision Processing Unit can run advanced algorithms — like those developed by Hikvision — at the edge, inside cameras themselves, explained Movidius. Hikvision isn’t just a volume manufacturer of surveillance cameras. Its core expertise lies in the development of Machine Learning-based advanced visual analysis. In fact, Hikvision just last week won the “scene classification” category at ImageNet Challenge 2016.Organized by Stanford University, Carnegie Mellon University, University of Michigan, and UNC Chapel Hill, the ImageNet Large Scale Visual Recognition Challenge evaluates algorithms for object detection and image classification in large scale signals. Other categories include object detection, object localization, object detection from video and scene parsing. According to Hikvision Research Institute, its researchers used "inception-style networks and not-so-deep residuals networks that perform better in considerably less training time." Sense, assess and decide Embedded systems, capable of actions such as “to sense, assess and decide,” will only grow further, explained Movidius CEO El-Ouazzane. Along with this growth, the industry has an increasing number of tech companies “trying to attack ‘Deep Learning’ from different layers and come up with new SoC platforms,” he observed. A case in point is ThinCI (pronounced Think-Eye), a startup just out of the closet. Considering the performance level required for neural network applications in a power-constrained environment, embedded vision processing needs a special, purpose-built architecture, El-Ouazzane explained. This trend is amplified by Moore’s Law which has recently shown signs of slowing down, he added. Common to all three applications — security cameras, drones, AR/VR — is the demand for improvements in power consumption, explained El-Ouazzane. But how exactly are neural networks applied to each of these applications? Next page: Forensic analysis Email This Print Comment Page 1 / 3 Next > More Related Links AT&T: SIMs are Key to IoT Future 2016 ACE Awards Finalists Announced Google's Mobile VR Still a Wild West Where Are We with Thread IoT? China Signs IoT Interop Plan Comments View Comments: Newest First | Oldest First | Threaded View [close this box] User Rank Rookie Beneficial plombiersam   10/30/2016 6:47:58 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate Its gonna be good for airports or crowded place. Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board Most Recent Comments                 11/16/2016 1:27:50 AM daveburstein Junko Dino Flore, quoted in the article, made claims that Qualcomm was honorable enough to disown in the note at the end. Saying that LTE is clearly better than DSRC based on... 11/16/2016 1:27:50 AM daveburstein Junko Dino Flore, quoted in the article, made claims that Qualcomm was honorable enough to disown in the note at the end. Saying that LTE is clearly better than DSRC based on... 11/16/2016 1:15:39 AM Dr. Slump I think the reason Qualcomm wants LTE-based rather than IEEE 802.11-based solution is the licensing $$$. As you may know the most important profit (not revenue) of Qualcomm is... 11/16/2016 12:56:16 AM mojo_jojo Isn't $8B for Harman a lesser valuation given their annual revenue of $6B ? I thought typical valuation for a company will be around 3X the annual revenue. 11/15/2016 10:58:05 PM resistion https://news.samsung.com/global/samsung-expands-its-advanced-foundry-offerings-with-14lpu-and-10lpu-processes "Due to limitations of current lithography technologies, 10LPU is... 11/15/2016 8:57:04 PM pscalare I don't seem to be able to find these chargers on MPJA website. Too bad. I would have snapped up a bunch of them. 11/15/2016 7:12:55 PM TonyTib My guess is that they're surplus, e.g. Columbia Sportwear's rechargeable socks didn't sell so well, so MPJA bought a bunch at a firesale price.  The original cost might be... 11/15/2016 7:08:31 PM Sang-Yun 5x is the price difference between 3D XPoint and NAND flash memory components. In case of SSD, other components, such as SSD controller and DRAM buffer, are needed. So, the price... 11/15/2016 7:05:32 PM Sang-Yun Tanj, check the following article for more infromation about 3D XPoint.  "3D XPoint Steps Into the Light" - http://www.eetimes.com/document.asp?doc_id=1328682. In addition,... 11/15/2016 6:44:29 PM TanjB This article makes a lot of claims about 3D Xpoint - materials, capital equipment, price levels at different densities - which seem both surprising and likely to be sensitive... Navigate to Related Links AT&T: SIMs are Key to IoT Future 2016 ACE Awards Finalists Announced Google's Mobile VR Still a Wild West Where Are We with Thread IoT? China Signs IoT Interop Plan Datasheets.com Parts Search 185 million searchable parts (please enter a part number or hit search to begin) Cartoon Contest November 2016 Cartoon Caption Contest: Pulvis et umbra sumus "Your caption here!" 65 comments All Cartoons October 2016 Cartoon Caption Contest "Trick or Treat" A vacuum tube for you, an old transformer for you...ah, here's a real treat, a paper capacitor! 119 comments All Cartoons Most Commented Most Popular  62   Why, Windows 10, Why?  53   TSMC, GF/Samsung Battle at 7nm  44   Trump Win Roils Technology Sector  41   Accident on a Dark Freeway  37   What Is Best & Worst STEM-Related Music Ever?  37   Samsung to Ship 10nm SoCs in 2016  36   Did Processor Cause Samsung Note 7 Blowup?  29   Rad-Tolerant Lockstep Quad Core 8051 Uses ...  27   Who Wouldn't Want a Big Hex Computer?  27   Robo-Car's Safety Challenges DoT  44   Trump Win Roils Technology Sector  27   Who Wouldn't Want a Big Hex Computer?  26   Another Tesla Crash, What It Teaches Us  14   Siemens to Buy Mentor Graphics in $4.5B Deal  12   Dual-Port 2A USB Chargers Only $1.95  9   3D XPoint  Reality, Opportunity, and ...  8   Coating Stops Exploding Batteries  4   Lowly Bus Gets Reinvented  4   Samsung's Naked Auto Desire: $8B Harman Buy  4   DSRCs Dead End, Says Qualcomm Exec Like Us on Facebook EE Times on Twitter follow us Tweets about "from:eetimes" Sign up for EE Times newsletter GLOBAL NETWORK EE Times Asia EE Times China EE Times Europe EE Times India EE Times Japan EE Times Korea EE Times Taiwan EDN Asia EDN China EDN Japan ESC Brazil Communities EE Times | EDN | EBN | DataSheets.com | Embedded | TechOnline | Design News | DesignCon | ESC Working With Us: About | Editorial Policies | Contact Us | Media Kits | Reprints Terms of Service | Privacy Statement | Copyright © 2016 AspenCore All Rights Reserved To rate this item, click on a rating below. [close this box]   To save this item to your list of favorite EE Times content so you can find it later in your Profile page, click the "Save It" button next to the item.   If you found this interesting or useful, please use the links to the services below to share it with other readers. You will need a free account with each service to share an item via that service. Tweet This [close this box] Latest News Semiconductor News Blogs Message Boards Advanced Technology Analog Boards/Buses Electromechanical Embedded Tools FPGAs/PLDs IP/EDA Logic & Interfaces Memory Operating Systems Optoelectronics Passives Power Processors RF/Microwave Sensors & Transducers Test & Measurement ARM Techcon DesignCon Designers of Things ESC EETimes University Tech Papers Courses    Fundamentals Webinars Design West DesignCon ARM Techcon
  Processors PC Cases Video Cards Motherboards Storage Mobile Memory Cooling Misc News Home | Forum | Shop | RSS Search Legit Reviews Reviews  Battlefield 1 DX12 Benchmarks – Three Resolutions Tested on Dozen Video Cards Battlefield 1 DX12 Benchmarks – Three Resolutions Tested on Dozen Video Cards Posted by Nathan Kirsch | Mon, Oct 24, 2016 - 8:45 AM Jump To: Page 1: Battlefield 1 PC Performance Benchmarks Page 2: Test System Page 3: Battlefield 1 Benchmarks - 1080p, 1440p & 4K Battlefield 1 PC Performance Benchmarks Battlefield 1 was without a doubt one of the most anticipated games of 2016 and it appears that EA and DICE have delivered a DirectX 12 winner. The World War I-themed game is a team-based first-person shooter that is fun to play if you have the right hardware in your gaming PC. The problem for some is that Battlefield 1 has some pretty tough minimum and recommended system specifications published for both AMD and Intel/NVIDIA systems. Battlefield 1 Minimum PC Specifications: OS: 64-bit Windows 7, Windows 8.1 and Windows 10 Processor (AMD): AMD FX-6350 Processor (Intel): Core i5-6600K Memory: 8GB RAM Graphics card (AMD): AMD Radeon HD 7850 2GB Graphics card (NVIDIA): NVIDIA GeForce GTX 660 2GB DirectX: 11.0 Compatible video card or equivalent Online Connection Requirements: 512 KBPS or faster Internet connection Hard-drive space: 50GB Battlefield 1 Recommended PC Specifications: OS: 64-bit Windows 10 or later Processor (AMD): AMD FX 8350 Wraith Processor (Intel): Intel Core i7-4790 or equivalent Memory: 16GB RAM Graphics card (AMD): AMD Radeon RX 480 4GB Graphics card (NVIDIA): NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1060 3GB DirectX: 11.1 Compatible video card or equivalent Online Connection Requirements: 512 KBPS or faster Internet connection Available Disk Space: 50GB Hold on to your hats folks! According to the minimum system specifications you’ll want to be running an AMD FX-6350 or an Intel Core i5-6600K processor and either an AMD Radeon HF 7850 2GB or a NVIDIA Geforce 660 2GB graphics card. The recommended specifications aren’t much easier on the graphics card as it is suggested you run an AMD Radeon RX 480 4GB or GeForce GTX 1060 3GB. Those are the latest discrete desktop graphics cards that both companies offer.  An Intel Core i5-6600K as the minimum spec for processors also just goes to show how intensive of a game Battlefield 1 is. “The Frostbite version used in Battlefield 1 is the most optimized yet, enabling us to push more content than we’ve ever done before,” said Per-Olof Romell, EA DICE director of technology. “Lots of improvement to the network code and servers simulating at 60Hz makes it the most solid Battlefield ever.” To put NVIDIA and AMD graphics cards to the test we benchmarked BF1 manually using Presentmon on the first 90 seconds of the first war story – Through Mud and Blood. We tested with DX12 enabled and GPU Memory Restriction disabled with the Ultra graphics quality preset. Battlefiled 1 does not come with a built-in benchmark, so you’ll manually have to benchmark this game title. Before we look at the numbers, let’s take a brief look at the test system that was used. Jump To: Page 1: Battlefield 1 PC Performance Benchmarks Page 2: Test System Page 3: Battlefield 1 Benchmarks - 1080p, 1440p & 4K 1 2 3  Next » Check out LegitReviews' Polls on LockerDome on LockerDome Tweets by @LegitReviews Explore Editorial Events Interviews News Forum Folding Shop Content Bluetooth Cooling Editorial Events Interviews Memory Misc Mobile Mods and Ends Motherboards News PC Cases Power Supply Press Releases Processors Reviews Storage Video Cards About Contact Us Disclaimer About Us Follow Us         Copyright © 2002-2016 LegitReviews.com - All Rights Reserved.  
null
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse The Dinner Party That Led To The Merger Of AT&T And Time Warner Jayson Derrick , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} October 24, 2016 8:18am   Comments Share: Related T Bob Iger Hinted At Disney's Next M&A Move And It Could Be A Big One Sprint Stock Is Soaring; Possible Merger In The Works? The Best Acquisition We've Seen In 2016 (Seeking Alpha) Related TWX Amazon, JPMorgan, Time Warner, Royal Caribbean: Fast Money Picks For November 15 The Simpsons And 7 Great TV Shows That Went On For Too Long The Best Acquisition We've Seen In 2016 (Seeking Alpha) Peter Chernin, a notable media, entertainment and technology investor, along with AT&T Inc. (NYSE: T)'s CEO Randall Stephenson were both guests at a dinner party hosted by Glenn Hutchins, a member of AT&T's board and co-founder of private equity firm Silver Lake. The conversation took place in August and ultimately led to AT&T's agreement to acquire Time Warner Inc (NYSE: TWX) for $107.50 per share. According to a Bloomberg report, Chernin and Stephenson talked about the media industry and ongoing trends, including the growth of online and mobile viewing, which threatens pay-TV operators, including AT&T's DirecTV. Stephenson credited Chernin with getting him to appreciate Time Warner''s vast library of content and that is when he began thinking that the two companies "could work together." Credit Suisse Downgrades Time Warner Citing Valuation Following Offer From AT&T A few days later, Time Warner's CEO Jeff Bewkes hosted Stephenson at Time Warner's headquarters near Central Park. The two executives were more than familiar with each other given AT&T $48 billion takeover of DirecTV which made the company one of Time Warner's largest distributors of its content. After three hours of talks, the executives realized that both of their companies' futures are intertwined. A merger for AT&T transitions the company into a media mogul with control over some of the world's most cherished assets in news and entertainment. The conclusions of the discussions were revealed to a total of eight people across both companies. Future meetings to discuss the merger where held in Washington and Nashville to maintain a higher degree of secrecy versus New York City. AT&T's executives referred to the deal under a code name "Lilly" and Time Warner's executives used the code word "Rabbit." "The more we talked about it, the more it fell into place, that there would be benefits that might be significant and might allow us to evolve the ecosystem faster," Bloomberg quoted Bewkes as saying. Do you have ideas for articles/interviews you'd like to see more of on Benzinga? Please email feedback@benzinga.com with your best article ideas. One person will be randomly selected to win a $20 Amazon gift card! Posted-In: AT&T Time Warner Merger BloombergNews Offerings M&A Events Media Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (T + TWX) Amazon, JPMorgan, Time Warner, Royal Caribbean: Fast Money Picks For November 15 The Simpsons And 7 Great TV Shows That Went On For Too Long Bob Iger Hinted At Disney's Next M&A Move And It Could Be A Big One 2 Reasons Netflix Won't Enter The Sports Arena Sprint Stock Is Soaring; Possible Merger In The Works? Time Warner Under Pressure As Trump Win Could Derail AT&T Deal View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on T Trending Recent 1 SAEX, HMNY: DryShips Squeeze Continues, Other Stocks Could Be Following Suit 2 HAR, PBR: 18 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 3 DRYS: Several Things To Consider Amid DryShips' Massive 800... 4 JDST, DUST: Where Is Gold Headed When Interest Rates Start R... 5 GRUB, PNQI: From A(mazon) To Z(ynga): Loop Capital... 6 EGLE, GLBS: Iceberg Ahead? The Massive R... 7 SSYS, ESEA: 20 Stocks Moving I... 1 LULU, UPS: Watch These 3 Huge Put Purchases In Wednesday Trade 2 NKE, JBLU: Watch These 7 Huge Call Purchases In Wednesday Trade 3 PIN, INDL: Indian Markets Open Higher; Sensex Up 150 Points 4 GXC, FXI: China Stock Markets Trade Mixed 5 EWJ, EPP: Japanese Markets Gain; Nikkei Up 200... 6 XLF, JPM: Kevin Kelly's JPMorgan O... 7 EUFS, EURL: An Adventurous Idea... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Morgan Stanley Downgrades United Rentals, Lowers Target To $81 Un-Carrier Is Delivering: T-Mobile Investors Cheer Q3 Results, Outlook
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse A Peek Into The Markets: U.S. Stock Futures Signal Higher Start On Wall Street Monica Gerson , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} October 24, 2016 7:26am   Comments Share: Related T Bob Iger Hinted At Disney's Next M&A Move And It Could Be A Big One Sprint Stock Is Soaring; Possible Merger In The Works? AT&T: Addressing Your Pain (Seeking Alpha) Related TWX Amazon, JPMorgan, Time Warner, Royal Caribbean: Fast Money Picks For November 15 The Simpsons And 7 Great TV Shows That Went On For Too Long Sprint, T-Mobile Merger Hurdle: Subscriber Rebounds (Investor's Business Daily)   Pre-open movers U.S. stock futures traded higher in early pre-market trade, ahead of earnings and economic data. The Chicago Fed National Activity Index for September is schedule for release at 8:30 a.m. ET, while the manufacturing PMI for October will be released at 9:45 a.m. ET. New York Federal Reserve Bank President William Dudley is set to speak in New York at 9:00 a.m. ET, while St. Louis Federal Reserve President James Bullard will speak in Fayetteville, Ark. at 9:05 a.m. ET. Chicago Federal Reserve President Charles Evans is set to speak in Chicago at 1:30 p.m. ET, while Federal Reserve Board Governor Jerome Powell will speak at 1:45 p.m. ET. Futures for the Dow Jones Industrial Average climbed 74 points to 18,140.00, while the Standard & Poor’s 500 index futures gained 9.50 points to 2,144.25. Futures for the Nasdaq 100 index rose 29 points to 4,872.50. Oil prices traded lower as Brent crude futures declined 0.33 percent to trade at $51.61 per barrel, while US WTI crude futures also fell 0.53 percent to trade at $50.58 a barrel. A Peek Into Global Markets European markets were higher today, with the Spanish Ibex Index rising 1.33 percent, STOXX Europe 600 Index gaining 0.40 percent and German DAX 30 index gaining 0.78 percent. The UK's FTSE index was trading higher by 0.01 percent, while French CAC 40 Index rose 0.74 percent. In Asian markets, Japan’s Nikkei Stock Average rose 0.29 percent, Hong Kong’s Hang Seng Index gained 0.98 percent, China’s Shanghai Composite Index rose 1.21 percent and India’s BSE Sensex gained 0.36 percent. Broker Recommendation Analysts at Credit Suisse downgraded Time Warner Inc (NYSE: TWX) from Outperform to Neutral. Time Warner shares fell 0.13 percent to $89.36 in pre-market trading. Breaking news AT&T Inc. (NYSE: T) agreed to acquire Time Warner Inc (NYSE: TWX) for $107.50 per share in cash and stock. Total equity value of the deal is $85.4 billion. AT&T also reported Q3 earnings of $0.74 per share on revenue of $40.9 billion. To read the full news, click here. Rockwell Collins Inc (NYSE: COL) agreed to buy B/E Aerospace Inc (NASDAQ: BEAV) for $62 per share in cash and stock. The deal is valued at $6.4 billion plus the assumption of $1.9 billion in debt. Rockwell Collins also reported Q4 earnings of $1.58 per share on revenue of $1.445 billion. To read the full news, click here. China Oceanwide Holdings Group Co agreed to acquire Genworth Financial Inc (NYSE: GNW) for $2.7 billion in cash. TD Ameritrade Holding Corp. (NASDAQ: AMTD) announced plans to acquire Scottrade Financial Services Inc for $4 billion in cash and stock. Posted-In: Earnings News Eurozone Futures M&A Global Pre-Market Outlook Markets © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (AMTD + BEAV) Benzinga's Top Downgrades Watch These 7 Huge Call Purchases In Wednesday Trade TD Ameritrade's IMX Index Rose 6% In October Friday's Jobs Numbers Fell Short, But Won't Change Public Perception 10 Notable Stocks Trading Ex-Dividend Monday, November 7 Barron's Picks And Pans: Media Stocks, Hilton, ITT And More View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on T Trending Recent 1 OCUL, HAR: 18 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 DUST, JNUG: Where Is Gold Headed When Interest Rates Start Rising? 3 GOOG, TWTR: From A(mazon) To Z(ynga): Loop Capital Breaks Down... 4 DRYS: Several Things To Consider Amid DryShips'... 5 KNDI, GLNG: 20 Stocks Moving In Tuesday's Pr... 6 NVDA: Nvidia's Big Win: Post-Earni... 7 SAEX, DRYS: DryShips Squeeze Contin... 1 Stock Index Futures Edge Up 2 AAP: Advance Auto Parts: The Long-Term Goals Even More Impressive Than The Q3 Beat 3 USDA Daily Cattle Slaughter; Live Cattle Futures Little Changed 4 USDA Daily Hog Slaughter; Lean Hog Futures Lower 5 CRM: Look For Short-Term Volatility In Salesforce When Q3 Report Releases 6 CURE, LABS: Don't Get SICK Of Healthcare ETFs And Stocks; Try This Instead 7 BABA: Here's How Alibaba Trades The Month Following Singles&#... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products EUR/USD Trading Higher, French Manufacturing PMI Improves. Credit Suisse Downgrades Time Warner Citing Valuation Following Offer From AT&T
Tue, 15 Nov 2016 21:43 twitter RSS Home Contact Register Login Home Press Release Events Resources RSS/Syndication My Account Browse All By Industry By Subject International Browse more on » Computer Software, Media Advisory SUSE to Highlight Open Source Software-Defined Infrastructure Innovations at SUSECON 2016 in Washington,D.C. Keynotes from Fujitsu, HPE, IBM, Intel, SAP and SUSE headline global end-user conference Nov. 7-11 Tweet Bengaluru, Karnataka, October 20, 2016 /India PRwire/ -- For enterprises needing the flexibility of truly "open" open source technology, SUSE® today announced sponsors, keynotes and breakout session details for its upcoming SUSECON 2016 global end-user conference, to be held Nov. 7-11 in Washington, D.C. SUSECON 2016 will showcase the latest software-defined infrastructure innovations in open source and Linux technologies. Big Data, DevOps, software-defined storage, cloud computing, zero downtime, data center standardization, Docker and containers, and SAP on Linux are among the topics geared to the needs of enterprise customers at SUSECON. "For our end users, SUSECON is about two things - consuming extremely valuable content and getting face to face with SUSE engineers, executives, partners, other customers and community enthusiasts," said Michael Miller, SUSE President of Strategy, Alliances and Marketing. "We'll talk about transforming IT to increase efficiency, being agile to respond to changing business needs, and keeping mission-critical business systems up and available, among other topics. There is no better place to learn from and associate with knowledgeable peers on such relevant subjects." Keynote speakers include: Katsue Tanaka, Fujitsu senior vice president and head of Platform Software Business Unit Scott Farrand, HPE vice president of HPE Servers-Platform Software Kathy Bennett, IBM vice president of Global ISV Technical Enablement and Support Figen Ülgen, Ph.D., Intel general manager of High Performance Computing Platform Software and Cloud Brian Vink Sr., SAP vice president of Data Management Products Nils Brauckmann, SUSE CEO Michael Miller, SUSE president of Strategy, Alliances and Marketing Thomas Di Giacomo, SUSE CTO The SUSECON 2016 session catalog includes more than 150 hands-on, tutorial, case study, future outlook and business overview sessions that dive deeply into technology and the future of data center innovation. Session highlights include: "SUSE Linux Enterprise Technology Roadmap" - Attendees will learn about delivered and planned capabilities and how SUSE Linux Enterprise technologies can help them implement the best solution for a mission-critical data center, UNIX migration and/or virtualized infrastructure up to the cloud. "Network Functions Virtualization (NFV) on SUSE OpenStack Cloud" - This session will demonstrate Network Functions Virtualization Infrastructure-as-a-Service (NFVIaaS) as an extended use-case for SUSE Linux Enterprise and SUSE OpenStack Cloud. "Transform Your Data Center from Traditional to Software Defined By Doing Storage First" - As today's data center executives are under pressure to move to next-generation technologies, this session will discuss integrating Ceph via SUSE Enterprise Storage into today's data center environment while enabling migration to a software-defined data center of the future. "SUSE Manager 3 & Salt Stack at Tyson Foods" - Tyson Foods was an early participant in the SUSE Manager 3 beta program, diving head-first into the new Salt Stack tools for systems management as they went through a large-scale platform migration for some of their mission-critical systems. SUSECON 2016 sponsors include Fujitsu, Hewlett Packard Enterprise, IBM, Intel and SAP as cornerstone sponsors, with platinum sponsors ARM, Cisco and Lenovo. Gold sponsors include Data Vard, Micro Focus, Microsoft Azure, NetApp and Wipro. For more information about SUSECON, visit www.susecon.com. Notes to Editor About SUSE SUSE, a pioneer in open source software, provides reliable, interoperable Linux, cloud infrastructure and storage solutions that give enterprises greater control and flexibility. More than 20 years of engineering excellence, exceptional service and an unrivaled partner ecosystem power the products and support that help our customers manage complexity, reduce cost, and confidently deliver mission-critical services. The lasting relationships we build allow us to adapt and deliver the smarter innovation they need to succeed - today and tomorrow. For more information, visit www.suse.com. Copyright 2016 SUSE LLC. All rights reserved. SUSE and the SUSE logo are registered trademarks of SUSE LLC in the United States and other countries. All third-party trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Tools Printer Friendly Version Download as PDF Subscribe to News Feed Bookmark for later Share it with others For more information, please contact: Change Agents PR Susheela Singh Assistant Team Lead - Enterprise Technology Practise Email, (M) +91 9731948951 Journalists and Bloggers Visit India PRwire for Journalists for releases, photos, email alerts and customized feeds just for Media. If you have any query regarding information in the press releases, please contact the company listed in the press release itself. Please do not call India PRwire, we will be unable to assist you with your inquiry. PR Distribution | India Public Relations Firms & Agencies | PR Flash © Copyright 2016 India PRwire. All Rights Reserved. India PRwire disclaims any content contained in press release. Use of our service is governed by our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
null
null

Request unsuccessful. Incapsula incident ID: 144000190148157214-530712195194945850
Enterprise BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Growth will take off in 2017, Salesforce billionaire CEO Marc Benioff predicts Julie Bort Oct. 25, 2016, 7:10 PM 3,103 facebook linkedin twitter email print Marc Benioff Justin Sullivan/Getty Images) With the tech industry still rocking from AT&T's planned acquisition of Time Warner for a massive $85 billion, clearly this season of M&A is still in full swing. One of the people taking full advantage of it has been Salesforce CEO Marc Benioff. He's spent $4 billion on acquisitions in the past year, buying three companies in September alone and another one, Krux (for $700 million) in October. Speaking at the Intel Capital Summit on Tuesday in San Diego on Tuesday, Benioff explained why the time has been right to buy. He also predicted that all this activity is going to result in some spectacular growth across in the global economy in 2017.  "2008 was obviously this brutal year for our economy and the European economy and while we thought we were coming out of it in 2011, we never kind of got of out it. I think a lot CEOs feel like we're finally coming out of it and that we're going to enter a new investment cycle," he said. He quoted "general economy theory" which says that eventually "things get fully depreciated and companies have to go in and invest again and growth returns," he said.  And he predicts we are about to hit that new phase. "I strongly believe that growth is returning. Especially when we get over this election and in 2017," he says. Companies that had flat revenue or flat stock prices but had the ability to make an acquisition have been doing so now,  "because you have these incredibly low interest rates," he said. And all of those things will erupt in a hotter economy in 2017, he predicts. SEE ALSO: 9 tech trends that will make billions of dollars starting in 2017 NOW WATCH: The ‘Apple of China’ just unveiled a phone that’s more powerful and better looking than the iPhone Loading video... More: Salesforce Economy facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Growth will take off in 2017, Salesforce billionaire CEO Marc Benioff predicts Growth will take off in 2017, Salesforce billionaire CEO Marc Benioff predicts With the tech industry still rocking from... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Enterprise Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Enterprise Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Request unsuccessful. Incapsula incident ID: 144000190148157214-530712474367820090
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Zen and the Art of Surviving India's Startup Crash Saritha Rai @SarithaRai More stories by Saritha Rai October 25, 2016 — 5:00 PM EDT Vani Kola. Photographer: Namas Bhojani/Bloomberg If the startup market in India is headed for a crash, no one will pay as high a price as Vani Kola. The 52-year-old is co-founder of Bangalore-based Kalaari Capital and one of the country’s largest venture investors. She's raised about $650 million and holds stakes in more than 60 startups, including the country’s two most valuable, Flipkart Online Services Pvt. and Jasper Infotech Pvt’s Snapdeal.  But this year is shaping up to be perhaps the roughest ever for India’s technology companies. Foreign giants like Amazon.com Inc. and Uber Technologies Inc. have trained their sights on the market just as many venture firms slash investments, fueling predictions that most local players will be squashed. Kola isn’t backing off. She has kept up her pace of investments and even launched an accelerator a year ago to nurture more entrepreneurs. “There’s a recent view that the story of most Indian startups is over and Uber and Amazon can declare victory,” she said during an interview in the board room of Kalaari’s incubator, decorated with traditional Indian brass oil lamps and an impressionistic painting of a sheep and train engine. “I will never underestimate these entrepreneurs’ ability to think their way out of a problem." Vani Kola. Photographer: Namas Bhojani/Bloomberg Kola has a record of success. She raised her first $210 million fund in 2006 with Vinod Dham, best known for developing Intel’s Pentium chip, and placed bets on e-commerce startups just as that business began to take off. Since parting with Dham, she has raised another $440 million, making her the second-largest firm in India by assets and the biggest run by a woman, according to researcher Preqin Ltd. Of the firm’s 84 investments, Kola has managed to sell 21 startups. “She is among the top five VCs in India,” said Mohandas Pai, chairman of the venture firm Aarin Capital Advisors and former chief financial officer at outsourcer Infosys Ltd. “She came to the internet business very early. Nobody else saw its potential then.”  ‘Not That Kind of People’ Kola grew up in the southern city of Hyderabad and studied engineering at university. She headed to the U.S for a master’s degree when she was 20 and stumbled upon her first business idea a few years later while working as a product engineer. When she called home in 1996 to tell her father, a government employee, that she was starting a company, he was hardly enthusiastic. “We are not that kind of people,” he said. She went ahead and founded RightWorks Corp., which helped businesses set up software systems to buy and sell globally. After some early struggles, she signed on customers like General Electric Co. and PepsiCo Inc., and four years later agreed to sell control of the business for $657 million in cash and stock. She had become an entrepreneur -- and a rich one. She started another company, Certus Software, and sold her stake in that one too. By the end of 2005, she had money and experience: She decided to move back to India and work with young entrepreneurs. She raised her first $210 million in capital in about six months, persuading investors the time was ripe for India’s entrepreneurs. Many of her fellow countrymen who had gained experience abroad were returning home, and the opportunities in sectors like e-commerce looked enormous. “Many people talked of the limitations; I saw the possibilities,” she said. She was convinced that local startups would have a fundamental edge over foreign competitors. She reasoned that outsiders would struggle to navigate complex business practices that are unlike any place in the West, including inefficient payment practices, byzantine regulations and underdeveloped infrastructure. “Even today, the delivery boy will call the customer 20 times to announce he is coming, ask for directions, etc.,” Kola says. Shortly after setting up her fund, she began to get unsolicited e-mails and phone calls from a pair of twenty-somethings, Kunal Bahl and Rohit Bansal. The duo had started an e-commerce company that had been turned down by every other venture investor they could find. Kola met them at the boardroom of Kalaari, in the Whitefield neighborhood of Bangalore. Within 48 hours, she offered her support. She was drawn to the pair’s discipline and ambitious plans to give Indian consumers efficient online commerce, through what is now called Snapdeal. “Vani was our first institutional investor and we had done the rounds of all the 13 other VCs by then,” Bahl recalled. “What could she have possibly seen in us? We were two struggling 26-year-olds selling physical coupon books!” Snapdeal.com website. Photographer: Kuni Takahasi/Bloomberg The relationship hurtled through difficult stretches. In 2013, Snapdeal was close to running out of cash. Kola came in and agreed to invest 20 percent of her fund into the startup. “When someone does that, you want to give your 1,000 percent,” Bahl said. The effort has paid off: Snapdeal was last valued at $7 billion, according to CB Insights. Kola has also invested in the travel website Via and the fashion retailer Myntra. The latter grew to become India’s biggest fashion website and was acquired by Flipkart, the leader in e-commerce, for $330 million. Kola’s strategy to invest in ambitious entrepreneurs who want to create something big in a new and emerging market was becoming rewarding. She says her decisions stem in part from a willingness to accept the risk of not being right all the time.  “Vani is insightful and supportive yet very frank and firm on non-performance,” said Ratan Tata, who is interim chairman of the Tata Group conglomerate and sits on Kalaari’s advisory board.  ‘Best Friend Hasn’t Called’ The firm’s incubator, in a glass and chrome building next door to Kalaari’s offices, has the bustle of a Silicon Valley startup -- with Indian touches. Kola is dressed in a hand-embroidered white and blue salwar kameez, formal Indian attire consisting of a tunic and loose pants. She wears a nose ring. One of her frequent gestures is to close her eyes while talking as if to concentrate on a particular point. She says she draws lessons for work from raising two girls through their teenage years. “It’s not about being popular all the time,” Kola said. “It’s about setting them on the right path through thoughtful dialog, treating their personal vulnerabilities with discretion and being there to support them during their moments of self-doubt.” She makes a point of getting back to founders within 24 hours no matter where she is. Kola has given advice on personnel crises, financial strains, stressful conversations and management strategy. Snapdeal co-founder Bahl refers to her, only part jokingly, as his “work mother.” Kunal Bahl. Photographer: Kuni Takahasi/Bloomberg At the incubator, startup founders get parent-like perks too. There are fruits and other healthy snacks every morning and home-made chikki, a kind of peanut brittle. There are also personal trainers, exercise equipment and weekly meditation lessons. “It is not just caring about what they do but caring about them in a wholesome way,” Kola says, closing her eyes. She recharges at her farmhouse an hour's drive from downtown Bangalore. A lifelong vegetarian, she grows her own produce there to supply most of the family's food and keeps a pair of Labradors.  She meditates every day and follows the ancient Indian philosophy of karma, whereby good deeds contribute to future happiness. She also responds to her daughters at least as quickly as her entrepreneurs. She’s stepped out of meetings to answer their distress calls, including when she left a board meeting to talk her younger teenage daughter through a meltdown. “My best friend hasn’t called and it’s my birthday,” the girl said. These days are considerably more tense for entrepreneurs in India. Venture money is drying up, especially with the retreat of foreign firms like Tiger Global Management. One research firm has started a list of dead or dying startups, called the Deadpool, that stretches to more than 800 companies. Exclusive insights in your inbox, from our technology reporters around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology. Sign Up Business Your daily dose of the news that’s moving markets around the world. You will now receive the Business newsletter Politics The latest political news, analysis, charts, and dispatches from the campaign trail. You will now receive the Politics newsletter Markets Everything you need to know about what’s moving markets, in your inbox daily. You will now receive the Markets newsletter Pursuits The coolest cars to drive, the latest gadgets to ogle, the hottest places to travel. You will now receive the Pursuits newsletter Game Plan Advice nobody tells you about getting ahead at work, school and life. You will now receive the Game Plan newsletter Kola is funding many of the entrepreneurs who would otherwise be shutting down, just like she did with Snapdeal. She put money into 10 companies in the first three quarters of this year through Kalaari, about the same pace as last year, and has funded another eight startups through her accelerator. During a second interview at the coffee shop of a luxury hotel, she sounded more than a little protective of her portfolio companies. “Their death has been foretold many times but I can say this much, these companies are not slated to die," she said, dipping a biscuit into her cup of ginger-infused green tea. Holachef website. Photographer: Dhiraj Singh/Bloomberg Kola has a majority of her investments in e-commerce, one of the gloomier segments now that Amazon is spending billions to win over customers. Bangalore-based Zivame is a online shop for lingerie that lets people buy intimate clothing more discreetly, while Guarented offers home furniture and appliances on short-term rentals to on-the-move millennials. Mumbai-based Holachef offers 400 freshly-made menu items, a pioneer in a once-popular niche that is now far out of favor. “Foodtech startups have gone from everybody-loves-you to nobody-thinks-you-can-succeed,” said Kola. The startup has streamlined its supply chain and focused on making each transaction profitable as it works to survive the downturn. She believes more than ever that local entrepreneurs will hold their ground against foreign competition. To illustrate, she explains the experience of shopping for a car when she returned to India from the U.S. There are no lots for customers to check out models, so employees brought cars to her doorstep for test drives. When she finally chose the car she wanted, the salesman arrived at her home with the car, all the necessary paperwork, as well as a basket of flowers, coconut and chocolates – for the divine offering that is customary before driving a new car in India. “India can never be a repeat of the U.S. or China,” she said. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Populism Takes Over the World World’s Biggest Real Estate Frenzy Is Coming to a City Near You Trump Transition Slows as Kushner Said to Oust Christie Allies Trump Tech Meltdown Hits Fourth Day With Amazon Cut by $35 Billion How Trump Can Make Money Off the Secret Service Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Technology Apple Science Cars Celebrity Movies Business Black Friday Holiday Gifts     Microsoft October 26 Event: Time, Live Video Stream And What To Expect Posted: Oct 25 2016, 1:36pm CDT | by Ahmed Humayun, Updated: Oct 26 2016, 12:56am CDT, in News | Technology News     The holiday season starts in about four weeks. This means tech companies certainly need to get their products in the market. Google and Apple have given their launches and now its Microsoft’s turn. Don't Miss: Sam's Club Black Friday 2016 Deals The Microsoft event is scheduled for Wednesday 26 October. Many rumors have surfaced as to what the company may reveal this week. A surface Pro 5 isn’t in the list but we have made a guess of the likeliest bets here. Surface The Microsoft Surface Line did not see a very happening start but later they became something of a blockbuster. The Surface Pro 4 and Surface Book sales have nearly made the division a billion-dollar business for Microsoft. Therefore it comes as no surprise that Microsoft is adding another device in its burgeoning hardware line-up. ZDNet’s Mary Jo Foley has predicted Microsoft will use this event to showcase a new product named as Cardinal. This device will operate as an all-in-one PC. We do not know how this will be operational in the real world. However, Windows Central has given a theory that it will be like a huge tablet-like device and will be able to be used as display or as a desk. Foley thinks the Cardinal will be sold in many different screen sizes which would range from 21 inches and will go up till 27. The device could also be marketed as a scaled-down version of Surface Hub. It would have a gigantic touch display for those who require more than just a whiteboard. The Surface Pro 4 and Surface Hub both allow precise input and thus Cintiq comparison does make sense. The fans of the existing Surface devices will probably be facing disappointment this Wednesday. Rumors are that Surface Pro 5 or the second generation Surface Book will not be at the event. The two devices will get their personalized flashy launch in early 2017 just in time for a spring or summer ship date. That being said, it is also possible that Microsoft may include a spec bump in to the existing models so that Intel’s Lake seventh generation Core Processor can be given space. It would be a huge surprise if Microsoft used this event to present to the world the long-rumored Surface Phone. Microsoft is working on everything but has certainly given up on mobile phones at this point. The Lumia follow-up release has been rumored to be pushed back to 2018. We still wonder if it will be ever released at all. As per the Smartphone world is going about, Microsoft should stop wasting its time and money on Lumia. The device has a tiny chance of stealing from a iOS and Android dominated market. Windows 10 We expect Windows 10 to be the focal point in the Wednesday event. It would be fair to say this is the glue which holds Microsoft’s hardware lineup together. It does also look like Microsoft won’t have anything too earth-shattering to give to us in the event. Windows Central and ZDNet both think that most of the event will be focused on the Redstone 2 update to windows 10 which is expected to come out next year. This update gives minor improvements in the operating system. These improvements include enhancements to the camera app and a superior support for Windows Ink. These features may become headline features if the Surface-all-in-one is more targeted towards creative professionals. Microsoft may use the event to remind its customers that it is now open for Windows apps to come to Windows 10. In September VentureBeat reported that Win32 apps and games are now making their way in to the store because of the Microsoft Desktop App convertor. This tool can use old Win32 programs and repackage them for the Windows Universal Platform. One thing that is most certain is that no serious discussion of Microsoft Office will be heard at the event. This is because Microsoft plans to put a separate keynote which will be dedicated solely for Microsoft Office. After this week, Microsoft will be hosting a media event in Manhattan which will explore how Office can empower to attain more. Other Devices Windows Central thinks Microsoft is working to create something which will compete against Amazon’s Echo and Google Home. This device will be called Home Hub and will be able to work with smart appliances. It will also be able to control your calendar and most interestingly answer search queries. The evidence though is very minute but it does make sense for Microsoft to unveil such a product. Currently voice-based interfaces are all the rage and Echo has been out from some months. Then another factor in consideration is that Microsoft has recently spent much time and money lately to develop a speech recognition engine. If the company does not reverse its course we can certainly cancel any expectation of wearables at this show. Microsoft gave up on its fitness-tracking band this October. We did see the Band 3 to appear in some leaks but it’s apparently on ice. We haven’t heard much on a follow-up device so it seems that Microsoft won’t be doing much on wrists for a while. We also do not expect to hear much on the Xbox and HoloLens. There should be much talk on the potential of these two but there is no suggestion of any new hardware. Other Companies Last year Microsoft hosted a late fall event and it was a showcase for all the things the company was working on. This included HoloLens, wearables and even phones. Microsoft does produce hardware by itself now but still does rely on many hundreds of device partners to spread its magic. Mary Jo Foley thinks that Microsoft as a subtle mea culpa, will dedicate some of the event time to frenemies of the hardware world. Microsoft Event Time and online Video Stream The Microsoft "Imagine what you'll do" event begins at 10am ET. You can watch the live stream on the microsoft.com site here. You May Like The Author Ahmed Humayun Ahmed Humayun is a technology journalist bringing you the hottest tech stories of the day.     Advertisement Leave a Comment Share this Story Follow Us Read the Latest from I4U News Twitter Gives More Power to Users to Stop Cyberbullying 1 hour ago Android Phone in US Reportedly Sending Personal Data to China 2 hours ago Japan's Hitachi Develops Lensless Camera Technology 16 hours ago, 9:09am CST WhatsApp Unveils Video Calling 22 hours ago, 2:49am CST The Third-Party Apps That will Use MacBook’s Pro Touch Bar 1 day ago, 9:32am CST China Says iPhone Sales Will Be Affected if Trump Is Adamant On Trade War 1 hour ago Academy Sports Black Friday 2016 Ad Released 1 hour ago Top 10 Walmart Black Friday Deals Picked by Expert 1 hour ago Microsoft Signs Up for Elon Musk's $1 Billion OpenAI Project 2 hours ago Dell Cyber Monday 2016 Deals Revealed in Ad 2 hours ago WeChat May Help Users Feel Better 2 hours ago MRI can help Detect Bone Marrow Cancer 5 hours ago Nintendo NES Classic Reportedly in Stock at Walmart Online Store at 5pm Eastern 9 hours ago, 3:35pm CST Archaeologists Uncover Stone Age Underwater Settlement 11 hours ago, 2:27pm CST Best Buy Black Friday Deals Available Early in Beat the Black Friday Rush Sale 11 hours ago, 2:23pm CST Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Target Black Friday 2016 ad Best Buy Black Friday 2016 ad All Black Friday 2016 ads How to Find Hatchimals Deals Find NES Classic Deals Featured News Black Friday Oculus Rift and HTC Vive VR Headset Deals Are Weak Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Released   Sam's Club Samsung Saturday Sale on Nov. 19 Announced Nintendo NES Classic Reportedly in Stock at Walmart Online Store at 5pm Eastern Technology News Twitter Gives More Power to Users to Stop Cyberbullying 1 hour ago Android Phone in US Reportedly Sending Personal Data to China 2 hours ago Japan's Hitachi Develops Lensless Camera Technology 16 hours ago, 9:09am CST WhatsApp Unveils Video Calling 22 hours ago, 2:49am CST More Technology News Stories Latest News China Says iPhone Sales Will Be Affected if Trump Is Adamant On Trade War 1 hour ago Academy Sports Black Friday 2016 Ad Released 1 hour ago Twitter Gives More Power to Users to Stop Cyberbullying 1 hour ago Top 10 Walmart Black Friday Deals Picked by Expert 1 hour ago More Latest News The Latest ... Black Friday 2016 Cyber Monday 2016 Holiday Gifts 2016 CES 2017 Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Advertising News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Super Bowl 2017 Ads Hot Tech Deals About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Black Friday The Black Friday 2016 season is here. When is Black Friday 2016? It is on November 25, but the first Black Friday 2016 deals are already on sale as of October 30. I4U News is providing its annual in-depth coverage of Black Friday 2016 ads, deals and sales at the Black Friday 2016 Hub. About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2016
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video YANG: coming soon to a router near you IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH YANG: coming soon to a router near you Satya Nadella hits Sydney and channels Steve O'Ballmer from eight years ago Is that your television? Or a zero client running a virtual desktop? SpectraLogic SLACSS off to speed HPC archiving Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Gone in 70 seconds: Linux can be owned by holding Enter key If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets Twitter rolls out troll controls DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed More like this Ethernet Hardware Network Futures Proprietary interconnects blaze the networking trail Ethernet and InfiniBand left behind 14 Nov 2011 at 16:17, Timothy Prickett Morgan Timothy Prickett Morgan Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Cloud, Ibm, Server, Intel, Oracle Recent Articles Intel's Knights Landing: Fresh x86 Xeon Phi lineup for HPC and AI Home-cooked tech helps China topple US as top supercomputer user Juniper open sources Contrail SDN software stack Given the great strides that Ethernet and InfiniBand networking have made in the past decade, you would think that there wasn't much room for proprietary interconnects linking together nodes in parallel supercomputers. Oddly enough, despite the overwhelming popularity of these two increasingly similar networking technologies, new proprietary interconnects are on the rise. How can this be? The answer is as old as the computer industry itself. Sometimes, to solve a specific problem it makes more sense to engineer a machine that solves that problem well. All you need is a rich customer that can afford to pay for something that is not standard. Say a nuclear energy or other kind of research lab run by the US, Europe, China or Japan. Top drawer "At the high end of the market there is always going to be the opportunity for a proprietary interconnect that has more bandwidth or lower latency – or both – than InfiniBand or Ethernet, or whatever the standard du jour is," says Addison Snell, chief executive of Intersect 360 Research. In the Top 500 list of supercomputers put out in June, there were 232 machines using Ethernet switches to lash together their server nodes, with only 11 sporting switches that spoke 10 Gigabit Ethernet. There were 206 machines that used InfiniBand as an interconnect, and of these 69 were using quad data rate (QDR) 40Gbps protocols. While faster fourteen data rate (FDR) InfiniBand switches are now coming to market from Mellanox Technologies and QLogic, they had not ramped up in time for the June Top 500 list. That left 62 machines, or 12.4 per cent of the systems on the list, using proprietary interconnects for number-crunching scalability. At the top of the list is the K supercomputer built by Fujitsu for the Rikagaku Kenkyusho (Riken) research lab in Kobe, Japan. It uses a proprietary interconnect called Tofu that implements a 6D mesh/torus between the 17,136 Sparc64-based server nodes in the 8.77 petaflops machine. Here's what it looks like, conceptually: Fujitsu's Tofu interconnect for the K supercomputer Each one of the eight-core Sparc64-VIIIfx processors in the machine has its own dedicated Tofu controller. The Tofu chip has ten links reaching out to the network, each with 10GBps (that's bytes, not bits) of bandwidth, for a total of 100GBps coming out of the Sparc64 chip. The Tofu interconnect is actually a 3D torus linking local processing nodes (using four of the links on the interconnect chip) that has an overlay of a 3D mesh/torus on top of that (using the other six links). Expensive choice Meshing two 3D networks, Fujitsu says it can offer 12 times the scalability of a 3D torus. Multiple paths between nodes ensure the crash of a node will not affect processing. The K supercomputer also originally had a $1.2bn price tag. Back then it was supposed to be a hybrid scalar-vector machine scaling to 10 petaflops and sporting Fujitsu Sparc64 scalar and NEC SX vector engines with help from Hitachi on the interconnect. Riken has not said what the final price tag on this K supercomputer is, but it is clearly a lot more expensive than slapping together a cluster using X86 servers and InfiniBand switches. Among the other interconnects that are prominent in the HPC space these days are: Arch The Tianhe-1A super uses a proprietary interconnect called Arch, which was developed by the Chinese government. The Arch switch links the server nodes together using optical-electric cables in a hybrid fat-tree configuration. It has a bi-directional bandwidth of 160Gbps, a latency for a node hop of 1.57 microseconds, and an aggregate bandwidth of more than 61Tbps. That's twice the bandwidth of QDR InfiniBand. Extoll Russian supercomputer maker T-Platforms is working with the University of Heidelberg to create the Extoll interconnect. This puts six links on a network interface card that can in combination deliver 90GBps of bandwidth with what the vendor hopes will be sub-microsecond latency on a node-to-node hop. Gemini and Aries Cray's XE6 Opteron-based massively parallel supercomputers use an interconnect called Gemini. It has two virtual network interface cards that plug into four Opteron processors on the XE6 server blades. The core of the interconnect is a 48-port high radix Yarc router with adaptive routing, which allows four of the ports to be linked on the fly to create the virtual interface card to link to compute nodes. These 48 ports have an aggregate bandwidth of 168GBps (again that is bytes, not bits) and can do a node-to-node jump in just a little more than a microsecond. More importantly, the Gemini chip can process about two million messages per second, about 100 times more throughput than the prior SeaStar+ interconnect used in the Cray XE5 supers. Gemini uses a 3D torus interconnect. For its future Cascade supers, Cray is cooking up a much higher bandwidth interconnect called Aries, which will plug into processors through PCI-Express 3.0 links (this being useful for any processor that supports it) instead of being restricted to Advanced Micro Devices' HyperTransport links. Cray has not said much about Aries, but it will use a combination of electrical and optical signaling and offer about 10 per cent performance improvement over the current Gemini. UltraViolet Silicon Graphics continues to push up the scalability of its NUMAlink shared memory interconnect as it ported the interconnect from Intel's Itanium processors to its high-end Xeon 7500 and now E7 processors. The NUMAlink 5 rides atop Intel's Boxboro 7500 chipset and uses some of the ports to cross-couple 128 two-socket blade servers into a single shared memory system. NUMAlink 5 delivers 15GBps of interconnect bandwidth between the blades in the Altix UV cluster, and less than a microsecond of latency on those links. BlueGene and Blue Waters IBM has been making supercomputer interconnects for decades, with the RS/6000 SP switch at the heart of its PowerParallel machines getting Big Blue into the game for real in the late 1990s. The Federation switch is part of the US Department of Energy's ASCI programme, glueing together tons of standard AIX servers. And now it has the very high bandwidth interconnects used in the BlueGene/Q and Blue Waters parallel supers. The BlueGene/Q puts the network processor and virtual network interface card right onto the same chip as the 18-core PowerPC processor that does the calculating in the system. This interconnect implements a 5D torus between the compute nodes, each having one of these processors. (One core is used for running the Linux kernel, one is a spare, and the other 16 are used for calculations.) The BlueGene/Q interconnect has a total of 11 ports, each of which can send 2GBps of data bi-directionally, for a total of 44GBps of network bandwidth. A slice of this bandwidth is used to link to I/O nodes in the system, which hook to external disks and networks. The BlueGene/Q machine has 46 times the bisectional bandwidth of the original BlueGene/L machine and is what allows IBM to scale this box up to 20 petaflops. Although IBM has pulled the plug on the Blue Waters Power7-based machine at the National Center for Supercomputing Applications at the University of Illinois, the vendor is still selling the machine and, according to Snell, is just about ready to announce a buyer for the box. (Blue Waters was going to be more costly to build than either IBM or NCSA anticipated at the start of the project back in 2007.) At the heart of the 16 petaflops Blue Waters system is a homegrown hub/switch interconnect that links 2,048 drawers of machines together. Each drawer has eight 32-core Power7 processor modules and eight hub/switch interconnect chips, which deliver a stunning 1,128GBps in aggregate bandwidth. That is 192GBps of bandwidth into each Power7 four-chip multichip module (what IBM called a host connection), 336GBps of connectivity to the seven other local nodes on the drawer, 240GBps of bandwidth between the nodes in a four-drawer supernode, and 320GBps dedicated to linking supernodes to remote nodes. There is another 40GBps of general-purpose I/O bandwidth. Eye on Ethernet There are still other interconnects in use out there, and they might point to how some of the technology in the funky interconnects in petaflops-class supercomputers might make their way to commercial networking. For example, Quadrics interconnects are still in operation, even though Quadrics shut down as it was trying to morph itself into a supplier of a pumped-up version of 10GE. Myricom tried the same thing by taking some of the smarts in its own interconnect and layering it on top of 10GE, and is thus far still around. So what about bringing the technology embodied in the Cray Gemini or future Aries interconnects or IBM Blue Waters interconnect, or any other interconnect for that matter, down into Ethernet? "Getting it all the way down into Ethernet would certainly take a long time," says Snell. "Some of the protocol tricks will probably make it into Ethernet, but the fabric interconnect will not." There is one other tack that might prove to be useful for general-purpose computing over the long run. Cray has a very interesting twist for its Gemini interconnect: running Ethernet on top of it and convincing Linux applications that they are speaking Ethernet. This feature, called Cluster Compatibility Mode, is a part of Cray's Linux Environment 3.0, a hardened version of SUSE's Linux Enterprise Server 11. Eventually, Cray plans to support the OpenFabrics Enterprise Distribution drivers for InfiniBand in this Cluster Compatibility Mode. Either way, applications compiled for normal Linux clusters using InfiniBand or Ethernet protocols can move over to Cray iron and run without having to be recompiled. There is a performance penalty for such emulation, but that is just the way it is with computers. ® Sponsored: HPC and HPDA for the Cognitive Journey with OpenPOWER Tips and corrections 1 Comment More from The Register Intel-supported Open HPC stack to land in Q4 Shrink-wrapped software stack for big ironmongers 2 Comments Nvidia welcomes Intel into AI era: Fancy a benchmark deathmatch? HPC blog We love your deep learning benchmark 'mistakes' 6 Comments Xeon Phight! Phight! Phight! Nvidia says Intel cheated benchmarks Xeon Phi vs. GPU comparison needs a level playing field 4 Comments Intel's Knights Landing: Fresh x86 Xeon Phi lineup for HPC and AI Machine learning folk, you want to sit up and pay attention here SpectraLogic SLACSS off to speed HPC archiving HPC Lustre and Ceph cold stores get hot speed Plump Dell lays its table for the upcoming HPC Stampede Texas gamble accompanies business trio Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile The need for comprehensive email security is greater than ever Email continues to be the most common attack vector by which networks are compromised and malware spread. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Spotlight Virtual reality is actually made of smartphones Brain plague or estate agents? I know which I'd prefer in Virtual Reality Self-stocking internet fridge faces a delivery come down My headset is reading my mind and talking behind my back Penetration tech: BAE Systems' new ammo for Our Boys and Girls Render crashing PCs back to their component silicon: They deserve it The return of (drone) robot wars: Beware of low-flying freezers Will AI spell the end of humanity? The tech industry wants you to think so Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video YANG: coming soon to a router near you IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH YANG: coming soon to a router near you Satya Nadella hits Sydney and channels Steve O'Ballmer from eight years ago Is that your television? Or a zero client running a virtual desktop? SpectraLogic SLACSS off to speed HPC archiving Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Gone in 70 seconds: Linux can be owned by holding Enter key If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets Twitter rolls out troll controls DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed More like this Storage Ibm Backup Hardware Network Futures Big guns turn sights on cancer-causing genes Backup is a lifesaver 17 Nov 2011 at 18:18, Danny Bradbury Danny Bradbury Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Security Recent Articles Apple surges in on the BYOD wave Make sure big data doesn't land you in big trouble Someone has broken into your systems. Now what? In the heart of London, researchers are splitting apart the building blocks of life and working towards a cure for cancer. The Biomedical Research Centre, run by King’s College Hospital and Guy's and St Thomas’ NHS Foundation Trust, has a genomic sequencing unit that genotypes tissue from patients with cancer and other diseases. One of only five such units in the UK, the organisation generates huge amounts of data. Every ten days, the sequencers that it uses to process DNA generate about 400Gb of useable data. But until recently, it wasn’t that good at processing or storing the results. It didn’t even have any backup capabilities. The facility was processing the data using desktop machines in addition to its central server and storing the valuable results on locally attached hard drives. Scatter scare “If those desktop machines lost the data, that meant wasted money and wasted samples," says Don Lokuadassuriyage, cluster manager at King’s. The organisation experienced data corruption that scattered sequencing results over a variety of unmanaged drives. In conjunction with Panasas, IBM designed a bespoke server cluster and storage system to make processing more efficient, and centralised the facility’s data storage. “One major point of the design was to be as environmentally friendly as possible,” says Julian Fielden, managing director at OCF, the systems integrator for the project. Three sequencers from specialist medical research equipment company Illumina analyse DNA from patient tissue and mouse tissue. These sequencers can find themselves crunching increasingly large data sets very quickly. Previously, the facility used an Illumina Pipeline Analysis Server to process the data generated by the sequencers, in addition to its local PCs and servers. Go with the workflow “You need to be able to scale rapidly as demands increase, to provide them with the most efficient workflow. Workflow is what counts because it is how the science gets done,” says Fielden. In total, the cluster that OCF and IBM created consisted of 31 nodes, of which 30 were IBM iDataPlex dx360 m2 machines, each housing two Intel Nehalem E5520 2.26GHz 4 core processors. They also featured 48GB of memory each, a 250GB SATA drive, and InfiniBand adaptors from QLogic. The other machine was a ”fat” compute node: an IBM x3755 system with four 2.60GHz AMD Opteron 6C Processors, along with 256GB of RAM and 300Gb of storage. The IBM System x iDataPlex servers featured ultra-low latency 10Gb switching modules which connected the server cluster to the storage system. These IBM System Networking RackSwitch G8124 switches enable high-speed and low-cost networking for high performance computing, while being very energy efficient. The Panasas storage system consisted of five 40TB Shelves, providing a total of 200TB. These connected to the head nodes via the 10Gb links, connected to the storage clients over a QDR InfiniBand Interconnect. Expensive operation The facility can now also take advantage of backup capabilities, using IBM Tivoli Storage Manager to an IBM TS3310 Automated Tape Library, with two expansions containing up to 225 tapes. “Each sequencing run costs $10,000, so if you lose the data that’s expensive,” says Lokuadassuriyage. “Backup is very important, so we keep one onside backup and one offside backup.” Software-wise, the system is built mostly from generic components. The system runs the CentOS Linux distribution, and uses the Sun Grid Engine, to optimise the available computing resource for incoming jobs, along with MySQL and PostGres SQL. “The sequencing software runs on Windows, and then we mount the cluster using Samba to enable Linux to work on the data,” says Lokuadassuriyage. Twin mysteries The organisation is currently using roughly 10 per cent of its storage, which gives it rather more wiggle room than it had before. “It took four to five days to process a flow cell’s worth of data, using a desktop with four cores and 12Gb of RAM,” says Lokuadassuriyage. “Now it’s done in 24 hours, so people can process the data much more quickly.” The centre is upgrading the technology, adding additional storage for scratch space and ten more iDataplex chassis. This is designed to help carry out extended research into genes shared between twins. As the work rolls on, the centre is making significant progress in the fight against disease. “We have found genes that are cancer causing,” says Lokuadassuriyage, adding that the facility is also tackling ailments such as Crohn's disease and diabetes. “The centre is looking for genetic components to see if it can isolate them and find a way to limit the gene, or ensure that it doesn’t get passed down.” Unravelling genes may take inordinate amounts of computing power, but it is one reverse engineering problem we can all get behind. ® Sponsored: HPC and HPDA for the Cognitive Journey with OpenPOWER Tips and corrections 4 Comments More from The Register Artificial intelligence will eradicate channel drudgery, says Lenovo boss Canalys Channels Forum 2016 Any intelligence would be a start, grumble partners 16 Comments Reg readers cluster in pub to ponder artificial intelligence Reg Events And hear why a mic-dropping, beer hurling AI would be a real advance 3 Comments White House to bring us up to speed on artificial intelligence hype latest Will AI kill or cure? 11 Comments Google Research opens machine intelligence base in Zurich 'Mountain Views of a different kind' quips gros fromage 20 Comments Facebook's AI boss is on a mission to end spoon-fed machine intelligence Yes, let computers off the leash with unsupervised learning 9 Comments Hawking and friends: Artificial Intelligence 'must do what we want it to do' Rise of the Machines *Cough* Don't enslave us *cough* 120 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile The need for comprehensive email security is greater than ever Email continues to be the most common attack vector by which networks are compromised and malware spread. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Spotlight Virtual reality is actually made of smartphones Brain plague or estate agents? I know which I'd prefer in Virtual Reality Self-stocking internet fridge faces a delivery come down My headset is reading my mind and talking behind my back Penetration tech: BAE Systems' new ammo for Our Boys and Girls Render crashing PCs back to their component silicon: They deserve it The return of (drone) robot wars: Beware of low-flying freezers Will AI spell the end of humanity? The tech industry wants you to think so Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video YANG: coming soon to a router near you IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH YANG: coming soon to a router near you Satya Nadella hits Sydney and channels Steve O'Ballmer from eight years ago Is that your television? Or a zero client running a virtual desktop? SpectraLogic SLACSS off to speed HPC archiving Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Gone in 70 seconds: Linux can be owned by holding Enter key If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets Twitter rolls out troll controls DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed More like this Physics Neutrinos Cern Space Hardware Enterprise Tech Rock star physicist Cox: Neutrinos won't help us cheat time Don't fire up the faster-than-light DeLorean. Boo! 25 Nov 2011 at 09:17, Gavin Clarke Gavin Clarke Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Cloud, Apple, Microsoft, Google, Oracle Recent Articles OpenStack-flinger Mirantis signs landmark NTT deal UK fintech firm reaches for Ireland Brexit escape hatch Google lights toasty price war under S3's hot and cold data bits Fire up the DeLorean and grab the almanac, time travel is here... or maybe not. Atom-smashers at CERN's subterranean Alpine lab seized the headlines recently when they found a set of subatomic particles once obscure outside the world of boffinry had turned scientific convention on its head by travelling faster than light. Albert Einstein concluded in 1905 that no object can be accelerated to the speed of light; his assertion underpins the theory of space-time, and of relativity. It cemented our understanding of cause and effect, and dictates that when throwing a brick through a window you see the movement of the brick through the air and towards the window before the window shatters – not vice-versa. But what we really want is Back to the Future-sorta stuff: being able to see the result of a football match before placing your bet or witness some key share price movement before a stock pick. Professor Brian Cox, BBC universe front man and mop-haired CERN ATLAS physicist, bursts our bubble. "It doesn't mean I can build a new time machine to shine into the past and tell myself the share price performance of today," he says of the neutrino findings. Damn. Cox: the answer comes from within, not from Twitter Nevertheless, speaking at The Register and Intel's Live 2011 event in London this week, he made it clear the results have big and profound implications, and physicists are struggling to explain the results and find out if something has been missed in the calculations. They are going so far as to ask whether the effect of something as basic as the Earth's gravitational field on readings might have been misunderstood. "It's a big effect," he said of the neutrino findings. "It's not a small effect. There's something subtle – it's not something obvious you see on Twitter. 'Have they thought of this?'. Well yes they have. It's very complicated, but nobody for the life them can see what the problem is," Cox said. If the neutrino results stand, then it means a fundamental re-writing of the basic geometry based on Einstein's work and used by physicists to put cause and effect – and past and future – in their proper places. Cox reckons physicists had suspected a rewrite might be on the cards at some point, but this is a surprise. It was believed a rethink would be needed for situations involving much higher levels of energy: the levels found at the formation of the universe with the Big Bang 14 billion years ago, far above the levels of CERN and way above neutrino levels. Neutrinos exist in everyday life – we just don't feel them hitting us. You would certainly feel the levels of energy produced by CERN's Large Hadron Collider: at full power, it generates 2 x 7 teraelectron volts or 2.2 x 10-6 Joules; LHC produces so much energy when atoms are colliding it's radioactive and dangerous to humans. The Big Bang is calculated to be, er, bigger. The speed of light underpins space-time, and anything that goes faster than light undermines our understanding of the universe. Space-time, according to Einsteinian thinking, puts what we perceive as 3D space on a flat plane along with time to calculate the way we observe events. "Einstein is built into the geometry of space-time – it is the thing that protects cause and effect," Cox said. "As long as you travel slower than the speed of light, cause and effect are protected. But if you travel faster than the speed of light, future and past are not protected... do that and you can cause all kinds of trouble," Cox said. "That's why in Einstein's theory speed of light is sacrosanct. That's why physicists care a lot about the speed of light." If Einstein is wrong and speed of light is slower than something else, in this case neutrinos: "It would mean you just have to modify a new structure of time to protect cause and effect." The enormity of the results, and a rewrite of the geometry of Einsteinian thought and modern physics, is one thing that's making boffins very suspicious of the neutrino results, and another reason why you shouldn't break out the DeLorean just yet. Fellow scientists in November claimed to have disputed the faster-than-light Neutrino findings – after the CERN OPERA physicists that produced the results had themselves run them again just to make sure. Power of supernovae Another reason there is doubt comes from past observation of supernovae. Ninety-nine percent of the energy in a dying star is emitted by neutrinos, but it is light that has reached the observers on Earth first, not neutrinos. "Many people think the data will be wrong because you'd expect to see a bigger effect in the supernova data that you don't see," Cox said. Light-beaters or not, neutrinos will remain a problem in general that physicists are working hard to unravel. "We have a problem with neutrinos anyway," the Manchester University man said. "We don't understand their masses or how they behave." For Cox, however, the whole neutrinos debate is part of the process of establishing new ground in physics and our understanding of the universe. "It's a beautiful example of how you do science," Cox said. "The collaboration of serious people at CERN who've proved published their results and it's gone to peer review. I can see the headlines now if it's shown to be a measurement error, it will be: 'Look at these idiots'. But that's not the point. This is how science proceeds." Best to keep the DeLorean just ticking over for now. ® Sponsored: HPC and HPDA for the Cognitive Journey with OpenPOWER Tips and corrections 126 Comments More from The Register Schrödinger's cat explained with neutrinos Physicists show quantum weirdness of neutrinos over longest distance yet 51 Comments THIS is MASSIVE! Less-Masslessness neutrino boffins bag Physics Nobel 'Flavour'-switching particle has mass ... but how much? 38 Comments British trio win Nobel prize for physics 'Opened door to unknown world where matter can assume strange states' 24 Comments Astronauts sequence DNA in space for the first time Microgravity does little to life's secret sauce, experiment confirms 23 Comments New DNA 'hard drive' could keep files intact for millions of years Microsoft and genetics boffins predict genetics in the datacenter 60 Comments CERN also has a particle decelerator – and it’s trying to break physics But physics is resisting: Antiproton weight probe reveals no anomalies 52 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile The need for comprehensive email security is greater than ever Email continues to be the most common attack vector by which networks are compromised and malware spread. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Spotlight Virtual reality is actually made of smartphones Brain plague or estate agents? I know which I'd prefer in Virtual Reality Self-stocking internet fridge faces a delivery come down My headset is reading my mind and talking behind my back Penetration tech: BAE Systems' new ammo for Our Boys and Girls Render crashing PCs back to their component silicon: They deserve it The return of (drone) robot wars: Beware of low-flying freezers Will AI spell the end of humanity? The tech industry wants you to think so Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video YANG: coming soon to a router near you IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH YANG: coming soon to a router near you Satya Nadella hits Sydney and channels Steve O'Ballmer from eight years ago Is that your television? Or a zero client running a virtual desktop? SpectraLogic SLACSS off to speed HPC archiving Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Gone in 70 seconds: Linux can be owned by holding Enter key If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets Twitter rolls out troll controls DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed More like this Intel Dell Notebook Laptop Personal Tech Dell Latitude E6220 12.5in Core i7 notebook Quietly powerful 21 Feb 2012 at 12:33, Lynley Oram Lynley Oram Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Recent Articles Review Dell's Latitude E6220 is a typical workhorse, designed to be solid, dependable and ever so slightly boring. However, Dell is aiming this compact model more at small businesses rather than large organisations. And the increasing numbers of people who, like myself, are self-employed. A touch of style and being just 1in thin and with a 12.5in display are the giveaways here. Built to last: Dell's Latitude E6220 On test is the E6220 featuring an Intel 2.7GHz Core i7-2620M CPU, 4GB of RAM and a 128GB SSD. There are three USB 2.0 slots (including one eSata combo) and USB 3.0 is available as an option. Other options include a backlit keyboard and fingerprint reader. It also has HDMI and VGA ports for video-out, plus a mic/headphone combo socket. There's an SD card slot and an Express34 card interface too. Quite a decent array of ports for a laptop of this size, but you do go without an optical drive. The display resolution is 1366 x 768 and it is housed in a rigid lid, that shows no signs of flexing. It all feels solidly built and indeed it should as Dell claims the Tri-Metal casing is MIL-STD 810G tested. The anodised, brushed aluminium finish on the lid, isn't a favourite look but doesn't show up fingerprints. Further protection is provided by magnesium alloy around the edges, and a powder-coated magnesium base. At 1in thick being having only a 12.5in display it looks chunkier than it is Most personal stuff can be done on a smartphone but when it comes to rolling up your sleeves and updating various websites, using content management systems and working on long documents, you need a proper keyboard. And it just so happens that this one of the most likeable features of the Latitude E6220. It's also spill-resistant and available with a backlighting option too. The keys are all full sized, and are firm enough to touch, but with enough give, that my fingers didn't tire when typing. Also, I didn't have to learn a new layout or condition myself to where the keys were. As a touch typist, I could start using it straight away – all the keys fell exactly where my fingers expected them to be. Key feature: great to type on and splash proof too This is an astonishingly quiet machine for such a slim laptop packing a feisty Core i7 CPU, which makes it hard to judge how noisy the keyboard is to use. Even with the lightest tap, the keys were this Latitude’s noisiest feature. Sponsored: Magic quadrant for enterprise mobility management suites Next page: Tilt in favour Page: 1 2 3 Next → Tips and corrections 35 Comments More from The Register Intel mulls sale of Intel Security – reports Opinion The game done changed 6 Comments Intel is shipping an ARM-based FPGA. Repeat, Intel is shipping an ARM-based FPGA Nobody tell Linux, okay? 30 Comments Intel-supported Open HPC stack to land in Q4 Shrink-wrapped software stack for big ironmongers 2 Comments IBM Bluemix to offer Intel 3D XPoint-powered cloud in late 2017 First comes a cloud testbed so we can figure out what non-volatile memory is good for 2 Comments EU legal eagle: Euro court should review Intel's €1.6bn fine Chipzilla market share WAS overstated, claims Advocate General 6 Comments Intel taps baton, tells the IoT orchestra to tune up Chipzilla updates dev environment for Thing connectivity Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile The need for comprehensive email security is greater than ever Email continues to be the most common attack vector by which networks are compromised and malware spread. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Spotlight Virtual reality is actually made of smartphones Google may just have silently snuffed the tablet computer Brain plague or estate agents? I know which I'd prefer in Virtual Reality Self-stocking internet fridge faces a delivery come down My headset is reading my mind and talking behind my back 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back The sharks of AI will attack expensive and scarce workers faster than they eat drivers Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
CNET Reviews CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Tour the CNET Smart Home Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español HolidayBuyer's Guide Apple's October 27 Mac event: What to expect A new MacBook Pro, a possible 13-inch MacBook, and maybe an iMac or a display could be on deck. But don't look for iPads. Sarah Tew/CNET Apple's October 27 Mac event: What to expect 0 Share: Laptops by Scott Stein October 25, 2016 10:36 AM PDT @jetscott Up Next Does the internet have a fake-news problem? Apple's all about the MacBook on October 27 CNET's Shara Tibken gives us the inside scoop on what to expect from the new MacBook ahead of the October 27 event, and what Apple's quarterly earnings report may say about iPhone sales. by Lexy Savvides 2:05 Close Drag They're back. Apple's October 27 event in Cupertino promises a whole lot of Mac. Although Apple just had an iPhone 7 and Apple Watch event in September, this October follow-up should be all about the computer part of Apple's hardware portfolio. Apple didn't even have an October event last year, opting for a single September event that revealed the iPad Pro, iPhone 6S and new Apple TV (and no Macs). But it's been a long time since there was any substantial Mac-related news besides the new 12-inch MacBook, which debuted in early 2015 and was refreshed back in April of this year, so there should be plenty of ground to cover. So, what can you expect? Here's what the most informed insiders are saying. More on Apple's event Apple's amazing strip show reinvents the laptop keyboard Photos from Apple's Hello Again Mac event See all of our Apple event coverage A new MacBook Pro, with an OLED touch bar. Apple hasn't had a significant MacBook Pro redesign since the 2012 model. But this time, expect a thinner model that feels more like a cousin to the 12-inch USB-C MacBook, according to Mark Gurman at Bloomberg and other reports. Its biggest feature could be a context-aware OLED strip above the keyboard that turns into app-related controls and keys on the fly. Also likely to be onboard, according to Gurman: a newer Intel chip, faster graphics and a larger trackpad. (A new report on Macrumors further bolsters the report that the function keys will be replaced by a touch-screen strip.) A 13-inch MacBook...or a new MacBook Air. Two different reports have pointed in two slightly different directions: there could finally a MacBook Air update, but possibly only one that adds USB-C ports, per Mark Gurman. Alternately, there could be a larger 13-inch version of the aforementioned 12-inch MacBook, according to a recent report from KGI analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, who has been very accurate with Apple predictions in the past. We'll find out on Thursday whether these are separate products, or really just different reports of the same one. A new iMac (maybe). The iMac hasn't had any updates in a while, and the updated model could feature new AMD graphics. Beyond that, information has been slim (no, there won't be any touchscreens). Kuo says the new desktop might not be available until next year but could be unveiled this week. A new display (possibly). Apple hasn't had a new monitor in years, and a rumored 5K cinema display could fit the bill. Just like the iMac, this could end up arriving next year but be previewed at the event (again, according to Kuo). The last monitor Apple made, the Thunderbolt Display, was discontinued earlier this year. USB-C everywhere. Rumors say the new MacBook Pro will only have USB-C ports, just like the 12-inch MacBook. (Even the MagSafe charge connector could go away.) USB-C could carry over to the rest of the Mac line, and some accessories. No new iPads. The iPad Pro and its iPad siblings probably won't be anywhere to be seen, despite the fact that the 12.9-inch iPad Pro is a year old and could use an update. Instead, a 2017 event could unveil three new versions across the board. Probably no new Mac Mini or Mac Pro, either. The rumor mill has been dry on both Apple's entry-level and highest-end computer. That means anyone looking for an update on the Mac Mini (last updated 2014) or the Mac Pro (from way back in 2013) is likely to be disappointed. CNET will be there in Cupertino on Thursday: follow us live as we look at everything firsthand. Tags Apple Apple Event Laptops Desktops MacOS Apple All the latest Apple news, featuring developments on the iPhone, iPad, Macbooks, OS X and much more. Nov 16 Apple's peach emoji looks like a butt again, world rejoices Nov 16 The iPhone camera's newest feature makes life a little easier Nov 15 Apple's $300 coffee-table book filled with iPhones, Macs Nov 15 ​Super Mario Run for iPhone: Release date, price and gameplay All Apple Stories Related Stories Xbox One S lowest price ever for Microsoft Black Friday deals Is the new MacBook Pro a must have? (The 3:59, Ep. 140) 7 ways to keep your MacBook from overheating Best laptops of 2016 Close   Discuss: Apple's October 27 Mac event: What to expect Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Does the internet have a fake-news problem? CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
null
Technology Apple Science Cars Celebrity Movies Business Black Friday Holiday Gifts     Apple May Debut 'MagSafe-like' USB-C Adapter For Redesigned MacBook Pro Line Posted: Oct 25 2016, 8:00am CDT | by Ahmed Humayun, in Rumors | Apple     MagSafe adapter lovers take note!! AppleInsider has got hold of a note given to investors by Kuo. The note predicts that MagSafe adapter will either be released by Apple or maybe a third party. It also cites supply checks and customer interest in the admirable breakaway design. Don't Miss: Best Walmart Black Friday 2016 Deals Apple since the release of its 12 inch MacBook last year has been migrating all its laptops to an all-in-one-USB-C charging and data transfer solution. This design change is expected to continue with the MacBook Pro models to be announced on Oct 27. Kuo also predicts the Apple MacBooks to feature processors from Intel’s Skylake family. Some other mentionable updates include a brand new 2TB SSD storage tier and display that will have an oxide panel. The panel will give better image quality as well as energy efficiency. Screen resolution will however be the same as the current generation models. Kuo further reiterates previous predictions such as Apple adding a 13-inch model to the thin MacBook line up. In addition, the ‘Hello again’ keynote docket is now redesigned with an OLED touch bar and finger print sensor. New metal injection molded hinges are also expected to be applied in all the MacBook iterations. Kuo also explained the OLED touch bar further. The OLED touch bar is also known as the Magic tool bar or Control Strip. Apple is planning to power this component with a processor similar to the one found in Apple watch. However, it is unclear whether Kuo is referring to the S2 system-in-package processor or the integrated display controller. The reports received today note that Apple is working on updates for the iMac desktop line and is also working for a replacement on the thunderbolt Display. However, these models are expected to arrive in 2017’s first half. Kuo estimates that the MacBook shipments will amount between 3.8 million to 4 million units in fourth fiscal quarter of 2016. New MacBooks will be launched next week and will actually be accountable for 40 to 45 percent of the overall shipments in the coming quarter. You May Like The Author Ahmed Humayun Ahmed Humayun is a technology journalist bringing you the hottest tech stories of the day.     Advertisement Leave a Comment Share this Story Follow Us Read the Latest from I4U News China Says iPhone Sales Will Be Affected if Trump Is Adamant On Trade War 1 hour ago Here Is Why Apple Did Not Opt For Touch Screen Macs 12 hours ago, 12:54pm CST Apple Is Selling A $300 Photo Book About Its Products 13 hours ago, 11:54am CST Augmented Reality Maps Are Coming To iPhone 13 hours ago, 11:36am CST iPhone 8 Rumored to have Curved, Bezel-free Display 1 day ago, 9:10pm CST Academy Sports Black Friday 2016 Ad Released 1 hour ago Twitter Gives More Power to Users to Stop Cyberbullying 1 hour ago Top 10 Walmart Black Friday Deals Picked by Expert 1 hour ago Microsoft Signs Up for Elon Musk's $1 Billion OpenAI Project 2 hours ago Android Phone in US Reportedly Sending Personal Data to China 2 hours ago Dell Cyber Monday 2016 Deals Revealed in Ad 2 hours ago WeChat May Help Users Feel Better 2 hours ago MRI can help Detect Bone Marrow Cancer 5 hours ago Nintendo NES Classic Reportedly in Stock at Walmart Online Store at 5pm Eastern 9 hours ago, 3:35pm CST Archaeologists Uncover Stone Age Underwater Settlement 11 hours ago, 2:27pm CST Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Target Black Friday 2016 ad Best Buy Black Friday 2016 ad All Black Friday 2016 ads How to Find Hatchimals Deals Find NES Classic Deals Featured News Black Friday Oculus Rift and HTC Vive VR Headset Deals Are Weak Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Released   Sam's Club Samsung Saturday Sale on Nov. 19 Announced Nintendo NES Classic Reportedly in Stock at Walmart Online Store at 5pm Eastern Apple China Says iPhone Sales Will Be Affected if Trump Is Adamant On Trade War 1 hour ago Here Is Why Apple Did Not Opt For Touch Screen Macs 12 hours ago, 12:54pm CST Apple Is Selling A $300 Photo Book About Its Products 13 hours ago, 11:54am CST Augmented Reality Maps Are Coming To iPhone 13 hours ago, 11:36am CST More Apple Stories Latest News China Says iPhone Sales Will Be Affected if Trump Is Adamant On Trade War 1 hour ago Academy Sports Black Friday 2016 Ad Released 1 hour ago Twitter Gives More Power to Users to Stop Cyberbullying 1 hour ago Top 10 Walmart Black Friday Deals Picked by Expert 1 hour ago More Latest News The Latest ... Black Friday 2016 Cyber Monday 2016 Holiday Gifts 2016 CES 2017 Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Advertising News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Super Bowl 2017 Ads Hot Tech Deals About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Black Friday The Black Friday 2016 season is here. When is Black Friday 2016? It is on November 25, but the first Black Friday 2016 deals are already on sale as of October 30. I4U News is providing its annual in-depth coverage of Black Friday 2016 ads, deals and sales at the Black Friday 2016 Hub. About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2016
Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Search Android Community Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Next Google VR may be a standalone, wireless headset with AR integrated By R Padla - October 25, 2016 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Will Google release a standalone VR headset? That’s what most people have been asking since the tech giant released the Daydream View. The latter works only with a compatible Android smartphone. What Google is expected to launch soon is a wearable device that won’t need a phone inside but something more like an Oculus Rift or HTC Vive but hopefully, without the high price tag. We can dream but for now, it’s just Daydream View. We know the company has plans for such and that it has started gathering people to work on the product. There’s no official announcement yet but we learned that the future VR device will utilize algorithms, sensors, and eye tracking together to map out the real-word. The technology aims to “view” what is actually in front of the user, integrating augmented reality and virtual reality. Yes, the two are different but they can very well be incorporated together especially in a VR headset. A report by Engadget noted that Movidius will be supplying the chips. Intel is now in the process of acquiring the AI company so we can say this early the next VR device will be powered by Intel. It may not run the Daydream VR platform as the headset will be a totally different and standalone product. There’s also the idea that it could be wireless. You see, there’s a mysterious device sighted on the FCC. It was recently approved but there’s not much mention of the specs or features. The only indication that it’s a Google product is the Mike Jazayeri name as the contact person. In case you didn’t know Jazayeri, he is Google VR’s Director of Product Management. We know Google isn’t the only company thinking of releasing a new VR device. Actually, there are other virtual reality headsets already available in the market but they haven’t made it commercially yet. But when Google finally announces and releases a standalone headset whether expensive or affordable, we know the world will take notice. This time, it will incorporate augmented reality–or not. VIA: Engadget Story Timeline Daydream View VR headset puts comfort and ease at the center Pre-ordering a Pixel will get you a Daydream View VR headset ‘while supplies last’ Google releases Daydream Keyboard app but you can't use it yet Verizon starts offering Google Pixel, Pixel XL plus Daydream View Daydream View VR headset, Chromecast Ultra now available via Google Store TAGS Android augmented reality Daydream Daydream VR Google virtual reality VR VR headset Must Read Google Home Review: Feeling at home with Google Assistant This is the Huawei Mate 9 and its Porsche Design twin Huawei Fit hands-on: fitness tracker in smartwatch clothing Stay Connected 883,798FansLike 136,393FollowersFollow 102,861FollowersFollow 469,202FollowersFollow 59,437SubscribersSubscribe About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise © 2016 Android Community - Part of R3 Media LLC
Skip to content Naked Security Computer Security News, Advice and Research sophos.com Free Tools Go Award-winning computer security news Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Feed DirtyCOW Linux hole works on Android too – “root at will” 25 Oct 2016 8 Google, Security threats, Vulnerability Post navigation Previous: Apple iOS users taste Android anxiety with nasty CoreGraphics image flaw Next: IoT chickens come home to roost by Paul Ducklin 0Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share on Reddit Late last week, we wrote about a newly-patched Linux security exploit dubbed DirtyCOW. Super-simply, the attack works like this: Choose two files, one you can write to and one you can’t, and get the kernel to load them both into memory. Write over and over again into the file you’re allowed to change. At the same time, tell the kernel over and over again that it can borrow back the memory used for the file you can’t change. Wait a short while. (A fraction of a second in our tests on 32-bit Intel Linux 4.4.19.) The vulnerability, officially called CVE-2016-5195, means that the kernel will eventually mix up the memory buffer that you’re writing into with the memory buffer you’re saying you don’t really need any more. As a result, you get to overwrite the read-only file, which is something of a security catastrophe if it’s a critical system executable or configuration file. Sophos Home Free home computer security software for all the family Learn More This bug was in the Linux source code for the the last eleven years of kernel releases, and in theory affected every version on every platform during that time. We only tested it on what you might call a “regular” Linux distribution (for Intel CPUs), but it turns out that DirtyCOW affects Android running on ARM chips as well. That’s because Google’s largely proprietary Android ecosystem is built on top of the open-source Linux operating system, in much the same way as Apple’s macOS and iOS are built on a BSD-derived open-source core. A Github user going by Timwr has published a proof-of-concept project that shows how to replace the Android program called run-as. The idea of run-as is to allow an application to be run as if launched by a different user, just like Run As... on Windows. That’s useful in development and testing, but it’s also dangerous because run-as automatically acquires root privileges when it starts, and can pass its rootness on to the apps it loads. To keep things safe, the standard Google version of run-as therefore requires the user who started it to be root in the first place, as would be the case on a typical development or test device connected up for debugging. Loosely speaking, then, you can use run-as to root a phone, but only if the phone is already rooted in the first place. Clearly, replacing the admin-capable run-as program with a version that can be started by any user creates a gateway to root a phone permanently. The risk of rooting Google’s own Nexus and Pixel devices are sold so that they can be rooted if you like, and are thus commonly used by developers, but other vendors such as Samsung keep their phones locked down, Apple-and-Microsoft style. As a result, rooting – like its close cousin jailbreaking on Apple phones – is a popular pastime for users who want to do things differently. For many, it’s a way to remove what they see as vendor bloatware or to replace system apps with leaner, meaner or merely different variants. For others it’s a way to apply security patches that the vendor hasn’t got round to yet, or to update phones that the vendor no longer supports at all. And for some, sadly, it’s a gateway to piracy and other scofflaw shenanigans, including carelessly installing maliciously-hacked apps and making ill-advised configuration changes that introduce security problems that would otherwise have been avoided. In particular, an app that can “get root” can work around the data sandboxing restrictions imposed on regular Android apps, and thereby access files such as logs, messages, databases and other possibly personally identifiable information (PII) that would usually be off-limits. What to do? If you genuinely want to root your vendor-locked Android phone, DirtyCOW could be a handy way to get the job done, at least until your vendor’s next security update – though on some devices, that might be a dangerously long time. On the other hand, if you are a sysadmin looking after a menagerie of corporate devices, where the likely risk of rooting outweighs any potential benefits, you might not be so delighted at the prospect of easily-rooted devices. Worse still, dodgy off-market apps sometimes secretly use root exploits to get more power than you agreed to give them at install time, which is a danger to any organisation’s network. We suggest that you ask your Android phone vendors when their DirtyCOW updates will be available. PS. Sophos Mobile Control can help you to keep rooted phones off your business network by detecting that they’ve been rooted and taking corrective action. That could range from a simple popup warning, through the automatic removal of corporate email, to a forced remote wipe. Follow @NakedSecurity Follow @duckblog Android DirtyCOW Exploit Google root Free tools Sophos Home for Windows and Mac XG Firewall Home Edition Mobile Security for Android Virus Removal Tool Antivirus for Linux Post navigation Previous: Apple iOS users taste Android anxiety with nasty CoreGraphics image flaw Next: IoT chickens come home to roost About the author Paul Ducklin Paul Ducklin is a passionate security proselytiser. (That's like an evangelist, but more so!) He lives and breathes computer security, and would be happy for you to do so, too. Follow him on Twitter: @duckblog 8 comments on “DirtyCOW Linux hole works on Android too – “root at will”” Jimus Tsaplan says: October 25, 2016 at 8:53 pm Generally I don’t recommend to system administrators rooting the employees devices. You never know what will you miss at the first setup. And YES indeed can harm the business network and maybe a bunch of computers. It’s always better to have a safe device, than tweaking these mini Android computers to your needs. If you just can’t live (work properly) with out it, just go for it, I am in. Great article Paul Ducklin, nice sharing! Reply Darren Chaker says: October 26, 2016 at 3:42 am As consumer demand the latest and greatest increases to simplify life, security flaws continue to increase with it. I truly wish as the world gets more connected that companies puts its products through serious security evaluations prior to releasing the product. Best, Darren Chaker Reply Alan Robertson says: October 26, 2016 at 10:15 am I’m going to go out on a limb here and say that *** if you know what you are doing *** then a rooted device can be far more secure than an unrooted device. For starters you can run a low level firewall that you can apply rules per application that allow you far more control over what can and cannot access the internet. Why should the android keyboard app have internet access? A low level firewall is only possible by rooting. “No Root” style firewalls work by proxying the traffic and are easily bypassed by malware using their own proxy settings. The same does not apply to a low level firewall. Similarly, anti virus cannot truly function properly at removing stubborn malware as it doesn’t have root privileges to remove the malware. If you are unlucky to run an app that later turns out to be malware and the AV doesn’t have a current signature for it then you are stuck with the malware and cannot effectively remove it. Yes, don’t use third party app stores etc. but it’s not like Google’s app store hasn’t been caught out with malicious apps, is it? You could also argue that removing Google Play from the device and only sticking with the existing apps supplied by the manufacturer is safer still, but I doubt you will find many people willing to do this. Also, what is that vendor supplied app doing on your device? The temptation to spy on users and sell the users habits to other companies is huge – especially if you can subsidise your device and make it cheaper for the consumer. Even if it is “just meta data” it can still reveal a lot about someone, and it’s not like your permission was sought prior to this being done. If the device is rooted then any unwanted apps that are installed by the vendor can be removed easily – again increases security. If malware can use a zero day or some other undocumented feature to access root privileges, then it gains complete control of the device. A rooted phone, on the other hand *** with additional security added *** can thwart the attempts of malware and prevent your device from being owned. As a side note, privacy guard is useful for preventing apps that request access to your personal data with blanket permissions. VPN’s / Orbot are useful for protecting your data in transit by encrypting everything even if the apps / browser are not using TLS. Orbot works best with rooted devices as you can TOR everything as opposed to Orbot aware apps. Choosing a good browser that respects privacy and allows you to change the settings to make it more secure is a good choice. Personally I favour Firefox, but then I’m an open source believer. Some useful Firefox settings: General, Home, Addons, Only over Wi-Fi General, uncheck Full-screen browsing Search, remove Amazon, Qwant, Twitter, Wikipedia Search, set Bing as default (Google asks for captchas all the time with Orbot) Search, uncheck Show search history Privacy, enable Do not Track Privacy, make sure Tracking protection is checked Privacy, Cookies, Enabled, excluding 3rd party Privacy, check Clear private data on exit (select all – you need to choose quit!) Privacy, uncheck Remember logins Privacy, Telemetry off Privacy, Crash Reporter off Privacy, Mozilla Location Service off Privacy, Firefox Health Report off Notifications, disable What’s new in Firefox Advanced, Restore tabs, Don’t restore after quitting Firefox Advanced, disable Show web fonts Advanced, Plugins, Touch to play Advanced, disable Allow autoplay Advanced, disable Remote debugging via USB Advanced, disable Remote debugging via Wi-Fi Install these addons / extensions (or whatever Mozilla decides to call them): Canvas Fingerprint Blocker HTTPS-Everywhere No Resource URI Leak NoScript about:config network.prefetch-next FALSE Network.http.sendRefererHeader 0 (may cause problems with some sites) geo.enabled FALSE dom.storage.enabled FALSE dom.event.clipboardevents.enabled = false browser.sessionhistory.max_entries 5 privacy.resistFingerprinting TRUE (Right Click, New Boolean) privacy.trackingprotection.enabled TRUE media.peerconnection.enabled FALSE browser.send_pings = false (usually already set but best to check) webgl.disabled = true dom.battery.enabled = false “security.ssl3” switch all to false apart from: security.ssl3.ecdhe_ecdsa_aes_128_gcm_sha256 security.ssl3.ecdhe_ecdsa_aes_256_sha security.ssl3.ecdhe_ecdsa_chacha20_poly1305_sha256 security.ssl3.ecdhe_rsa_aes_128_gcm_sha256 security.ssl3.ecdhe_rsa_aes_256_sha security.ssl3.ecdhe_rsa_chacha20_poly1305_sha256 Other android settings that are useful: Use a password and not a PIN number! Or if you are okay about using one of your digits and potentially having your biometric data being leaked then use a finger that’s not your index finger. Settings, Notification access, App Notifications: When device is locked, Hide sensitive notification content Turn off “Show on lock screen” for all apps apart from the ones you want. (Stops casual snooping) Security, Make passwords visible Off Location Off Turn off MMS auto download: Messaging, preferences, settings, adavanced, Auto Retrieve MMS – Off, off, off!!! Nobody needs MMS and it is used with many other exploits like Stagefright. In settings, security, trusted credentials. Turn off all the CA’s apart from: Comodo, Digicert, Geotrust, Globalsign, Go Daddy, Thawte, The Go Daddy Group and Verisign Seriously, you don’t need the rest – try it. No offence to the Hong Kong post office but the number of CA’s is getting ridiculous these days. Settings, data usage, click menu option, turn on enable data usage alerts and also apply network restrictions to your wifi connections (will warn if large files are being downloaded) Lastly – patch your phone! It’s YOUR responsibility and not the manufacturers to make sure you are safe online. Nor is it your IT departments responsibility to protect you. More to the point, if your phone is compromised and the “bad guys” used your phone to pivot to the company SQL database which ends up on paste bin, well I’m afraid it’s your neck on the chopping block (and IT will happily oblige with log files proving it). Reply Mahhn says: October 26, 2016 at 4:05 pm Alan, either you took a lot of time to write that, or you have some good configuration pages, that I would be happy to review. Thanks Reply Alan Robertson says: October 27, 2016 at 11:26 am Hello Mahhn, I’m just a tech head – that’s how I roll on the internet. Hopefully someone finds it useful! I’m a big Linux fan and I like the ethos of Sophos – particularly the no back door approach to security. I fully recommend the Sophos anti-virus on Linux as I don’t subscribe to the idea that Linux is immune to viruses. I would love to see more products by Sophos – keep up the good work guys! Reply cyber security salary says: October 26, 2016 at 3:02 pm Really interesting Paul, wasn’t aware the nexus was sold with the option of them being rooted! Reply Paul Ducklin says: October 26, 2016 at 4:43 pm You can turn on ADB (the Android Debug Bridge) to allow development access via USB and over a network, you can grant yourself access to a root shell, and you can unlock the bootloader to reflash pretty much any firmware you like. (At your own risk. The wrong firmware could crash the device so badly that you can’t reflash the firmware again, thus giving you an expensive brick.) You use the { } Developer options menu item on the Settings screen, but you have to enable it first. Go to Settings | About phone/tablet, find the Build number item and tap it seven times. Reply ustechninja says: November 10, 2016 at 6:03 pm I just wish more carriers would offer rooted versions of devices so devs didn’t have to exploit. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (Address never made public) Name Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Recommended reads Oct24 by Naked Security writer 0 Monday review – the hot 25 stories of the week Oct21 by Paul Ducklin 10 Linux kernel bug: DirtyCOW “easyroot” hole and what you need to know Mar23 by Paul Ducklin 2 Android bug could allow an app to take over your phone completely Mar23 by Paul Ducklin 6 “Pwn2Own” competition pops Flash, Reader and four browsers, pays out over $550K [POLL] May14 by Paul Ducklin 12 Linux “got root” kernel bug patched after five years at large Dec12 by Paul Ducklin 0 Patch Tuesday – even Android and Windows RT get a look in SOPHOS About Naked Security About Sophos Send us a tip Cookies Privacy Legal Network Protection XG Firewall UTM Secure Wi-Fi Secure Web Gateway Secure Email Gateway Enduser Protection Enduser Protection Bundles Endpoint Antivirus Sophos Cloud Mobile Control SafeGuard Encryption Server Protection Virtualization Security Server Security SharePoint Security Network Storage Antivirus PureMessage Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Feed © 1997 - 2016 Sophos Ltd. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 Black Friday CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Black Friday Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close What to Expect at Apple's 'Hello Again' Mac Event Tuesday October 25, 2016 10:50 am PDT by Juli Clover Apple is planning to hold an event on Thursday, October 27, which will focus solely on giving the Mac lineup some much-needed attention. Many of Apple's Macs have gone more than a year without an update, like the MacBook Air and the MacBook Pro, while others, like the Mac mini and the Mac Pro, have gone several years without a refresh. This is Apple's first Mac-only event in years and the biggest Mac announcement since the Retina MacBook debuted in early 2015. MacBook Pros The MacBook Pro received a major redesign in 2012, and four years later, it's about to receive another complete overhaul. With a new body, radical new features, and revamped internals, the MacBook Pro is expected to be the headlining product of Apple's October 27 event. KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo has even called the MacBook Pro "the most significant upgrade ever undertaken by Apple." The MacBook Pro will continue to be available in 13 and 15-inch size options, but it will feature a thinner and lighter form factor than the current MacBook Pro, bringing it more in line with the 12-inch MacBook. The body of the machine will not be tapered like the MacBook Air or the Retina MacBook, but it is said to have shallower curves around the edges, a wider pressure-sensitive Force Touch trackpad, metal injection mold-made hinges, thin speaker grilles next to the keyboard, up to 2TB of storage space, and a flatter MacBook-style keyboard with more stable keys that use a butterfly mechanism and single LED backlighting. At the top of the keyboard, the physical function keys will be replaced with an OLED touch panel (perhaps called the "Magic Toolbar") with digital keys and buttons that are contextual, changing based on the application that's in use. A Touch ID fingerprint sensor is expected to be built into the touch panel, giving users a way to more quickly unlock their Macs. A small processor similar to the processor in the Apple Watch may be built into the panel, allowing it to run on a small amount of energy that won't heavily impact battery life. It's possible this will also include a secure enclave to protect Touch ID. Rumors suggest the MacBook Pro will continue to be available in the same resolutions as current-generation models (2560 x 1600 for the 13-inch and 2880 x 1800 for the 15-inch), but better display quality and energy efficiency are expected. Leaked images of the MacBook Pro casing sourced from a Chinese supplier suggest it will include just four USB-C ports and a headphone jack, doing away with the MagSafe port, USB-A ports, the HDMI port, and the SD card slot, so MacBook Pro buyers may need to invest in several adapters. KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo predicts Apple or an Apple-approved third-party manufacturer will perhaps produce a USB-C MagSafe-like adapter with breakaway functionality to replace the MagSafe feature. Inside, the MacBook Pro is expected to include Intel's latest Skylake processors, and high-end 15-inch models are likely to feature AMD's Polaris graphics chips, able to offer "console-class GPU performance" with a low-power mobile architecture. Thunderbolt 3 and support for the 10Gb/s USB 3.1 Gen 2 specification are rumored for the machine, and drawing on improvements introduced with the MacBook, Apple is likely to use terraced battery technology for impressive MacBook-style battery life that outperforms existing MacBook Pro machines. Faster flash storage, an improved Retina display, and new color options for the body (Gold, Rose Gold, Silver, and Space Gray) are also strong possibilities. For more detail on the next-generation MacBook Pro, make sure to check out our MacBook Pro roundup. MacBook Air The 13-inch MacBook Air was updated with 8GB RAM earlier this year, and it looks like it's set to get another minor refresh. Rumors suggest Apple is planning to add USB-C ports to the MacBook Air, bringing it in line with the upcoming MacBook Pro and the Retina MacBook. Aside from the addition of USB-C ports, it's possible the MacBook Air could get a minor internal spec bump, adding Skylake processors and Thunderbolt 3 support, but it's clear that Apple is in the process of phasing out the MacBook Air, so major changes are not expected. At this point, the MacBook Air has largely been replaced by the thinner, lighter MacBook. Like the standard non-Retina MacBook Pro that's been available for several years, Apple will likely keep the MacBook Air around as a low-cost option, but it's unlikely to see big changes going forward. Japanese site Mac Otakara says that only the 13-inch MacBook Air will be sticking around, so it's possible the 11-inch machine will be retired. For more info on the upcoming changes that could be coming to the MacBook Air, make sure to check out our MacBook Air roundup. iMac The iMac line was last updated in October of 2015, and it's due for a refresh, but a new report from KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo says iMacs aren't ready to ship. He believes Apple could potentially announce the machines at the event and launch them during the first half of 2017, but this does not agree with previous rumors that have suggested iMacs could debut at the event. For that reason, it's unclear if the iMacs will be updated on October 27th. We aren't expecting to see any exterior changes to the iMac, but internally, Skylake processor upgrades are likely for the 21.5-inch machine. As for the 27-inch iMac, it's already using the most recent Skylake chips and since no Kaby Lake chips are available, it may not see a processor upgrade. Thunderbolt 3, USB 3.1, and the latest Polaris graphics cards from AMD in higher-end 27-inch machines are likely upgrades we may see in the 2016 or 2017 iMac. Graphics improvements will undoubtedly be the highlight of the iMac update, as AMD's latest chips are expected to offer double the performance of the previous generation, measured on a per-watt basis. For more detail on the iMac, make sure to check out our iMac roundup. Other Possibilities 5K Display Apple retired the Thunderbolt Display in June, but its retirement doesn't signal the end of Apple's work on external displays. Apple is rumored to be developing a 5K Retina display with an integrated GPU in partnership with LG, but there's no word on when it might be released. Rumors haven't suggested such a display is coming on Thursday, and Ming-Chi Kuo does not believe they're ready for an imminent launch, but it does make some sense to release it alongside Macs equipped with Thunderbolt 3. A 5K display would feature the same 5120 X 2880 resolution as the 27-inch Retina 5K iMac, and it could look similar, too. In the past, the Thunderbolt Display has shared the same screen as the iMac, but with an LG partnership thrown into the mix, the sourcing and the design of the display are less certain. Because a 5K display requires so much bandwidth, even with an integrated GPU, it's likely only newer machines will be able to drive it. Full plug-and-play support for 5K external displays will require the DisplayPort 1.3 or DisplayPort 1.4 standards, but none of Apple's Macs or upcoming Macs support it, so that's why Apple needs to use an integrated GPU. For additional info on the 5K iMac and what to expect, make sure to check out our Thunderbolt Display roundup. Mac Pro The Mac Pro hasn't been updated since it received its radical cylinder-style redesign in 2013, so it is overdue for an update. Components for a refresh have been available for several years, but it is unclear if Apple will refresh the machine. There have been no rumors suggesting an update is in the works, but if Apple is planning a refresh, it will likely be just a minor spec bump, introducing the latest Xeon chips, AMD graphics, and USB-C, and Thunderbolt 3 support. More detail on the Mac Pro and chips might be included can be found in our Mac Pro roundup. Mac mini It's been two years since the Mac mini was last refreshed, and it's unclear if Apple plans to update it again or quietly retire it going forward. There have been no rumors of a refresh, but there was a two-year gap between the 2012 update and the 2014 update and it is long overdue for a spec bump. The Mac mini uses the same processors as the MacBook Pro, and there are Skylake chips appropriate for a refresh available. Thunderbolt 3 and USB-C are other possible upgrades the Mac mini could see if Apple is planning to update the machine. MacRumors will provide live coverage of Apple's October 27 Mac event both here on MacRumors.com and through our MacRumorsLive Twitter account. Related Roundups: iMac, MacBook Air, MacBook Pro Tag: October 2016 event Buyer's Guide: iMac (Don't Buy), MacBook Air (Don't Buy), MacBook Pro (Buy Now) [ 243 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) CausticSoda 3 weeks ago What to expect? High fives Desperate whooping Products described as amazing People saying they are deeply passionate People saying they believe profoundly Cheesy camera shots of an excited gallery A corny joke or two to gloss over the fact that Apple have done precious little for Mac users for years now, other than introduce joke machines like the new Mac Mini. ...and all to introduce three updated computers, years late, and perhaps a hint of "jam tomorrow" for a lineup that is still woefully inadequate and outdated. Rating: 47 Votes William Gates 3 weeks ago It'd be cool if they made the mac mini look like a miniature mac pro. Rating: 27 Votes Goldfrapp 3 weeks ago I expect more than just courage this time. Rating: 22 Votes jimbobb24 3 weeks ago I expect to be disappointed. A pro computer with only one type of port is crap. Lazy crap. Why does Apple do this sort of dumb stuff? Probably saved a nickel. Rating: 19 Votes canadianreader 3 weeks ago This is a very important event because we will see how much Apple is really committed to innovating the Mac lineup. Rating: 18 Votes duervo 3 weeks ago I expect there to be one or more self-aggrandizing PR videos that will take up a significant portion of the event timeline ... much like there has been at past Apple announcements. Narrated by Jony Ive, of course. 'We've scoured the Earth and beyond in search of the perfect material to use for this new MacBook Pro, but we couldn't find anything that lived up to our standard, so we made our own ... Adamantaluminium." Rating: 17 Votes Porco 3 weeks ago 'It's our thinnest, lightest, most exciting, most magical product pipeline ever' Rating: 13 Votes Winni 3 weeks ago What to expect? High fives Desperate whooping Products described as amazing People saying they are deeply passionate People saying they believe profoundly Cheesy camera shots of excited viewers ...and all to introduce three updated computers, years late, and perhaps a hint of "jam tomorrow" for a lineup that is still woefully inadequate and outdated. Yeah. Everything will be "awesome, magical, beautiful, revolutionary, amazing" - as always. And we will totally not miss any of the things that they have removed. And other "great products are filling the pipeline" and will be announced "later". Oh, and let's not forget that they will show some entirely useless numbers of "adoption rates" of the new service pack - macOS Sierra - and let's compare them to the adoption rate of Windows 10 (of which hundreds of millions of copies MORE are in actual use, but hey, those meaningless adoption rate percentages look better for Apple, so let's stick with them). I guess the only reason why they still sell Macs is that they are afraid of letting Xcode run natively on the iPad. But that would require them to actually open iOS and turn it into an operating system that deserves that name, and that's not going to happen. Rating: 12 Votes Mattsasa 3 weeks ago I really think apple should update the mini Rating: 11 Votes Lesser Evets 3 weeks ago It would be weird to have "hello again" without an iMac upgrade. The original Mac was a kinda photo iMac in all ways. I thought there was some software label indicating a new MacPro early this year. I would hope the Pros get bumps. Rating: 10 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. More Blog Stories Google Debuts 'PhotoScan' App for Scanning Old Photos With iPhone 10 hours ago on iOS Blog Google today launched a new app called PhotoScan, which is designed to make it easy to scan printed photographs using your iPhone's camera. PhotoScan instructs users to take four separate... 51 comments Apple Seeds Third Beta of watchOS 3.1.1 to Developers 10 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple today seeded the third beta of an upcoming watchOS 3.1.1 update to developers for testing purposes, just over a week after seeding the second watchOS 3.1.1 beta and three weeks after releasing... 3 comments Apple Reintroduces Butt-Like Peach Emoji in iOS 10.2 Beta 3 Following User Complaints 12 hours ago on iOS Blog iOS 10.2, currently being beta tested, introduces new artwork for many existing emoji. Apple has made an effort to add more detail to emoji, for a more realistic, vivid look that works well with the... 80 comments Pixelmator Gains Support for macOS Sierra Features, MacBook Pro Touch Bar 15 hours ago on Mac Blog Popular Mac image editing app Pixelmator today received a major update that incorporates many features included in macOS Sierra and introduces support for the Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro. ... 17 comments Apple in Talks to Build Flagship Melbourne Store as Two Next-Gen U.S. Stores Set to Reopen This Week 15 hours ago on Mac Blog After a decade-long search, Apple is believed to be in the final stages of negotiating a deal to open a new AU$50 million flagship retail store in Melbourne's iconic Federation Square,... 7 comments Twitter Addresses Anti-Harassment Concerns With New Mute Filter and Reporting Features 16 hours ago on iOS Blog Almost three months after news first broke that Twitter was planning to launch new features in order to address a bevy of concerns leveled at the company in regards to bullying and harassment among... 14 comments Nintendo Announces 'Super Mario Run' Will Launch on December 15 for $9.99 17 hours ago on iOS Blog Nintendo today confirmed that its iOS endless runner game, Super Mario Run, will launch on iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch on December 15 for $9.99, a price that will allow users "full... 102 comments Shazam Backtracking After Mac App Discovered to Retain Microphone Access Even When Toggled Off 17 hours ago on Mac Blog Music-recognizing app Shazam retains access to the Mac's microphone, keeping it in a constant on state, even when Shazam has been turned off. The potentially worrisome feature was discovered by... 16 comments • Apple Patent Hints at Next-Generation AirPods With Biometric Sensors (24) • WhatsApp Gains End-to-End Encrypted Video Calling (17) • TOMS Unveils New Line of Apple Watch Bands (53) • Nonprofit Organizations Now Able to Accept Apple Pay Donations (15) • Apple Seeds Third Beta of tvOS 10.1 to Developers (21) • Samsung Buying Automobile Accessory Company Harman for $8 Billion (40) • Microsoft Launching 'Visual Studio' Coding Platform for Mac This Week (33)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade 'Gods and Glory' is The Debut Title from 'World of Tanks' Publisher's WG Labs Agent Venom Coming to 'Marvel Puzzle Quest' this Week 'Flip King' is The Next Game From 'Ball King' Developer Qwiboo We're Streaming iOS Games Live on Mobcrush [Offline] 'Escape: Close Call' is All About Avoiding Accidents with Style, Coming to iOS Soon Apple Might be Developing Digital Glasses With an Eye to Augmented Reality AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
About Us | Newsletter Sign Up Home News Opinion Messages Authors Video Slideshows Teardown Education EELife Events Android Automotive Embedded Industrial Control Internet of Things MCU Medical Memory Open Source PCB Planet Analog Power Management Programmable Logic Prototyping SoC Test & Measurement Wireless & Networking Breaking News NEWS & ANALYSIS: Samsung's Naked Auto Desire: $8B Harman Buy NEWS & ANALYSIS: Siemens to Buy Mentor Graphics in $4.5B Deal NEWS & ANALYSIS: Xilinx to Dive in Hyperscale Race NEWS & ANALYSIS: 7nm SRAMs, 10nm SoC at ISSCC NEWS & ANALYSIS: 2016 ACE Awards Finalists Announced SPONSORED: Spend $3.14 at Arrow.com, get a FREE Raspberry Pi 3! News & Analysis SUSE Preps Linux for ARM Servers Rick Merritt 10/25/2016 12:01 PM EDT Post a comment NO RATINGS Login to Rate Tweet SAN JOSE, Calif. — The move toward ARM-based servers took another step forward this week as SUSE announced plans for server and storage versions of Linux supporting 64-bit ARM SoCs. SUSE Linux Enterprise Server and SUSE Enterprise Storage will be available before the end of the year. Intel currently dominates the server sector, one of its most profitable markets, with its x86 Xeon processors. Cavium tested the SUSE code on its 48-core ThunderX SoCs, one of the highest density ARM-based server SoCs currently shipping. In May, Cavium announced its next-generation chip but said the current version is still in relatively low volume sales, shipping in thousands per quarter. The SUSE press release said its partners are using the code to develop “large-scale storage, high performance computing and networking systems.” It did not mention any specific OEMs or other ARM SoC vendors. Rival Red Hat has had a developer’s preview of Linux for ARM servers available for more than a year. Last year, Red Hat said it was waiting for multiple processors on multiple shipping boards before it released its code in a production version. In a recent online posting, Red Hat’s lead ARM architect said the company has booted ten different ARM server SoCs on its version of Linux, a significant sign of progress. One observer said it was unlikely any top tier server maker will ship a new ARM-based system before the end of the year. The SUSE code will include support for encryption and compression engines or custom FPGA accelerators as well as tools to speed the job of compiling and deploying the operating system. The ARM code also will share with version 12 of SUSE’s x86 OS the same process for certifying security, the company said. “ARM processor technology is gaining traction as an alternative to x86 server-class processors, not only for servers and IoT devices, but also for system categories like storage, networking and high performance computing,” said Al Gillen, a group vice president for software at International Data Corp., speaking in the SUSE release. IDC released in June an upbeat report on ARM’s prospects in servers — Rick Merritt, Silicon Valley Bureau Chief, EE Times Related posts: Cavium Flexes ARM Server Upgrade ARM Reaches for Supercomputers Chinese Firm Gets ARM License to Attack Server Market 19 Views of IDF16 Email This Print Comment More Related Links Intel Preps its AI Strategy Supercomputer Aims for Exascale Hock Tan Carves Up Brocade Microsoft Speeds Open Hardware LeEco is Chinas Disruptive Hybrid Comments View Comments: Newest First | Oldest First | Threaded View [close this box] Be the first to post a comment regarding this story. Most Recent Comments                 11/16/2016 1:27:50 AM daveburstein Junko Dino Flore, quoted in the article, made claims that Qualcomm was honorable enough to disown in the note at the end. Saying that LTE is clearly better than DSRC based on... 11/16/2016 1:27:50 AM daveburstein Junko Dino Flore, quoted in the article, made claims that Qualcomm was honorable enough to disown in the note at the end. Saying that LTE is clearly better than DSRC based on... 11/16/2016 1:15:39 AM Dr. Slump I think the reason Qualcomm wants LTE-based rather than IEEE 802.11-based solution is the licensing $$$. As you may know the most important profit (not revenue) of Qualcomm is... 11/16/2016 12:56:16 AM mojo_jojo Isn't $8B for Harman a lesser valuation given their annual revenue of $6B ? I thought typical valuation for a company will be around 3X the annual revenue. 11/15/2016 10:58:05 PM resistion https://news.samsung.com/global/samsung-expands-its-advanced-foundry-offerings-with-14lpu-and-10lpu-processes "Due to limitations of current lithography technologies, 10LPU is... 11/15/2016 8:57:04 PM pscalare I don't seem to be able to find these chargers on MPJA website. Too bad. I would have snapped up a bunch of them. 11/15/2016 7:12:55 PM TonyTib My guess is that they're surplus, e.g. Columbia Sportwear's rechargeable socks didn't sell so well, so MPJA bought a bunch at a firesale price.  The original cost might be... 11/15/2016 7:08:31 PM Sang-Yun 5x is the price difference between 3D XPoint and NAND flash memory components. In case of SSD, other components, such as SSD controller and DRAM buffer, are needed. So, the price... 11/15/2016 7:05:32 PM Sang-Yun Tanj, check the following article for more infromation about 3D XPoint.  "3D XPoint Steps Into the Light" - http://www.eetimes.com/document.asp?doc_id=1328682. In addition,... 11/15/2016 6:44:29 PM TanjB This article makes a lot of claims about 3D Xpoint - materials, capital equipment, price levels at different densities - which seem both surprising and likely to be sensitive... Navigate to Related Links Intel Preps its AI Strategy Supercomputer Aims for Exascale Hock Tan Carves Up Brocade Microsoft Speeds Open Hardware LeEco is Chinas Disruptive Hybrid Datasheets.com Parts Search 185 million searchable parts (please enter a part number or hit search to begin) Cartoon Contest November 2016 Cartoon Caption Contest: Pulvis et umbra sumus "Your caption here!" 65 comments All Cartoons October 2016 Cartoon Caption Contest "Trick or Treat" A vacuum tube for you, an old transformer for you...ah, here's a real treat, a paper capacitor! 119 comments All Cartoons Most Commented Most Popular  62   Why, Windows 10, Why?  53   TSMC, GF/Samsung Battle at 7nm  44   Trump Win Roils Technology Sector  41   Accident on a Dark Freeway  37   What Is Best & Worst STEM-Related Music Ever?  37   Samsung to Ship 10nm SoCs in 2016  36   Did Processor Cause Samsung Note 7 Blowup?  29   Rad-Tolerant Lockstep Quad Core 8051 Uses ...  27   Who Wouldn't Want a Big Hex Computer?  27   Robo-Car's Safety Challenges DoT  44   Trump Win Roils Technology Sector  27   Who Wouldn't Want a Big Hex Computer?  26   Another Tesla Crash, What It Teaches Us  14   Siemens to Buy Mentor Graphics in $4.5B Deal  12   Dual-Port 2A USB Chargers Only $1.95  9   3D XPoint  Reality, Opportunity, and ...  8   Coating Stops Exploding Batteries  4   Lowly Bus Gets Reinvented  4   Samsung's Naked Auto Desire: $8B Harman Buy  4   DSRCs Dead End, Says Qualcomm Exec Like Us on Facebook EE Times on Twitter follow us Tweets about "from:eetimes" Sign up for EE Times newsletter GLOBAL NETWORK EE Times Asia EE Times China EE Times Europe EE Times India EE Times Japan EE Times Korea EE Times Taiwan EDN Asia EDN China EDN Japan ESC Brazil Communities EE Times | EDN | EBN | DataSheets.com | Embedded | TechOnline | Design News | DesignCon | ESC Working With Us: About | Editorial Policies | Contact Us | Media Kits | Reprints Terms of Service | Privacy Statement | Copyright © 2016 AspenCore All Rights Reserved To rate this item, click on a rating below. [close this box]   To save this item to your list of favorite EE Times content so you can find it later in your Profile page, click the "Save It" button next to the item.   If you found this interesting or useful, please use the links to the services below to share it with other readers. You will need a free account with each service to share an item via that service. Tweet This [close this box] Latest News Semiconductor News Blogs Message Boards Advanced Technology Analog Boards/Buses Electromechanical Embedded Tools FPGAs/PLDs IP/EDA Logic & Interfaces Memory Operating Systems Optoelectronics Passives Power Processors RF/Microwave Sensors & Transducers Test & Measurement ARM Techcon DesignCon Designers of Things ESC EETimes University Tech Papers Courses    Fundamentals Webinars Design West DesignCon ARM Techcon
null
Skip to main content Advanced Search Home News Breaking News News By Subject Agriculture Archaeology Atmospheric Science Biology Business & Economics Chemistry & Physics Earth Science Education Mathematics Medicine & Health Policy & Ethics Social & Behavioral Space & Planetary Tech & Engineering Science Business News Grants, Awards, Books Languages Nachrichten in Deutsch Noticias en Español Nouvelles en Français Notícias em Português 日本語のニュース Portals Climate Change Cancer Research Marine Science   E-mail Newsletter Breaking News Science Business News Grants Awards Books E-mail Newsletter RSS Feeds Agriculture Archaeology Atmospheric Science Biology Business & Economics Chemistry & Physics Earth Science Education Mathematics Medicine & Health Policy & Ethics Social & Behavior Space & Planetary Tech & Engineering Nachrichten in Deutsch Noticias en Español Nouvelles en Français Notícias em Português 日本語のニュース Multimedia All multimedia Images Video Audio Search multimedia All Multimedia Search Multimedia Images Video Audio Meetings Meeting Announcements Meetings Calendar Featured Meeting: 252nd American Chemical Society National Meeting & Exposition August 21-25, 2016 Philadelphia, PA Meeting Announcements Meetings Calendar Featured Meeting 252nd American Chemical Society National Meeting & Exposition August 21-25, 2016 Philadelphia, PA More Information Portals Hello World Foo Bar Dropdown Menu Hello World Foo Bar Another Link The Last Item Climate ChangeThe latest insights into the changing climate More Cancer ResearchNew findings in cancer treatment and prevention More Marine ScienceIn-depth investigations on all things marine science More Science Agencies US Department of Energy US National Institutes of Health US National Science Foundation About About EurekAlert! For Reporters For PIOs Help / FAQ Subscribe / Sponsor Contact EurekAlert! About EurekAlert! Help / FAQ Subscribe / Sponsor Contact EurekAlert! For Reporters EurekAlert! provides embargoed and breaking science news you can't afford to miss.Learn more For PIOS EurekAlert! offers a one-stop science news distribution service you can trust.Learn more EurekAlert! is a service of the American Association for the Advancement of Science. Login Register Public Release: 25-Oct-2016 Researchers find weakness in common computer chip Team shows weak point could allow computer hackers complete control Binghamton University Share  Print  E-Mail IMAGE: Dmitry Ponomarev is a professor of computer science at Binghamton's Thomas J. Watson School of Engineering and Applied Science. view more Credit: Jonathan Cohen/Binghamton University BINGHAMTON, NY - Researchers from Binghamton University--State University of New York and the University of California, Riverside have found a weakness in the Haswell central processing unit (CPU) components that makes common computer operating systems vulnerable to malicious attacks. Computer hackers could take control of individual, company and government computers if a weak point in address space layout randomization (ASLR) software is exploited by manipulating a CPU's branch predictor, a piece of hardware designed to improve program performance. Before anyone worries too much, researchers suggested several methods to mitigate the attacks they identified in the paper "Jump over ASLR: Attacking the Branch Predictor to Bypass ASLR," and companies have already started to work on the issues raised. "In the current state of security, attackers have an arsenal of tricks and systems deploy comprehensive protections. ASLR is only a piece of this puzzle, and if the system does not have other vulnerabilities, it is very difficult to attack even if ASLR is broken," said Dmitry Ponomarev, professor of computer science at Binghamton's Thomas J. Watson School of Engineering and Applied Science. "Previous research demonstrated several ways to bypass ASLR, but our attack is just more efficient and direct. It does not change the fundamental state of the security arms race. Individual users should not worry about this attack, but rather make sure that operating systems are always updated to ensure that other exploitable vulnerabilities are not present." Researchers demonstrated the weakness in commonly-used Linux operating systems using Intel processors. However, the team led by Binghamton PhD candidate Dmitry Evtyushkin, Ponomarev and former Binghamton Computer Science Professor Nael Abu-Ghazaleh think the vulnerability could also apply to other operating systems such as Windows and Android. According to the work, the attack may also be practical on virtualization systems such as Kernel-based Virtual Machines (KVM), which are used in cloud computing systems. The results were presented at the 49th Annual IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Microarchitecture (Micro-49) on Oct. 18 in Taipei, Taiwan. "Ultimately, we found a vulnerability in a normal design feature that makes a new attack possible. It is unreasonable to expect Intel, or any company, to anticipate these kinds of sophisticated attacks while designing chips," Ponomarev said. "Hardware vendors are already doing a lot for security, and we should encourage them to continue to do so." ASLR software automatically randomizes information in a computer's memory which protects a machine during crashes and defends against a wide range of malware. The team identified a way to disable and bypass ASLR by attacking the branch predictor hardware. With the ASLR down, a hacker can then perform "buffer overflow" and "code reuse" attacks to gain administrator or "root" level privileges to steal sensitive data. However, another exploitable vulnerability in software is needed to perform a buffer overflow attack. "While most cybersecurity research considers software vulnerabilities and defenses, our research focuses on the underlying hardware and computer architecture, which also play important roles in computer security, both in terms of introducing new vulnerabilities as well as supporting more secure software," said Abu-Ghazaleh, who is now in the University of California, Riverside's computer science and engineering and electrical and computer engineering departments, in a press release from the school. ### The work was funded by the National Science Foundation (NSF). Disclaimer: AAAS and EurekAlert! are not responsible for the accuracy of news releases posted to EurekAlert! by contributing institutions or for the use of any information through the EurekAlert system. Share  Print  E-Mail Media Contact Dmitry Ponomarev dima@cs.binghamton.edu 607-777-4023  @binghamtonu http://www.binghamton.edu  More on this News Release Researchers find weakness in common computer chip Binghamton University Funder National Science Foundation Meeting 49th Annual IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Microarchitecture (Micro-49) Keywords COMPUTER SCIENCE HARDWARE INTERNET SOFTWARE ENGINEERING SYSTEM SECURITY/HACKERS TECHNOLOGY/ENGINEERING/COMPUTER SCIENCE Multimedia Dmitry Ponomarev, Binghamton University (IMAGE) view more  More in Technology & Engineering Researchers question if banning of 'killer robots' actually will stop robots from killing University at Buffalo Mobile app behavior often appears at odds with privacy policies Carnegie Mellon University New way to make low-cost solar cell technology Australian National University Cow goes moo: Artificial intelligence-based system associates images with sounds Disney Research View all Technology & Engineering news  Trending Science News Three new species of miniaturized tropical salamanders are already endangered PeerJ Do extremely reddened quasars extinguish star formation? University of California - Riverside Cow goes moo: Artificial intelligence-based system associates images with sounds Disney Research Autism and human evolutionary success University of York View all latest news  Copyright © 2016 by the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS) Breaking News RSS Feed All EurekAlert! RSS Feeds @EurekAlertAAAS facebook.com/EurekAlert Help / FAQ Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact EurekAlert! Copyright © 2016 by the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS)
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Hot Topics HD BAC Best Stocks for 2016 Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends Best ETFs More Home > Trading > Trading Advice > 3 Big Stock Charts: Intel Corporation (INTC), Lockheed Martin Corporation (LMT) and Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) KMB turned into a falling knife, while LMT and INTC are flashing rally signs Oct 25, 2016, 10:30 am EST  |  By Johnson Research Group     View All   Earnings season is starting to fracture the market more than it was a few weeks ago as earnings results are starting to separate performance and are pulling technicals into play more heavily. As is normally the case, we’re seeing a lot of companies that are presenting trading opportunities after their earnings announcements, as their shares have made dramatic moves before or after earnings results that are now likely to play catch-up with the actual results. Today’s three stock charts look at two great post-earnings plays with Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) and Lockheed Martin Corporation (NYSE:LMT) based on the technicals along with recent positive earnings results. On the other side of the coin, a poor report and failing technicals have Kimberly Clark Corp (NYSE:KMB) shares have turned into the proverbial “falling knife” that traders and investors would be wise to avoid. Lockheed Martin Corporation (LMT) Off of another positive earnings season, Lockhead Martin shares are set to make a strong technical move above their 200-day moving average, this after spending the last two weeks trading just below the key trendline. The jury has been out on where the earnings and outlook would take LMT stock, but the technicals and fundamental story still back a bullish outlook. Today’s move above the 200-day will conclude Lockhead Martin stock’s oversold status as buyers grab shares while they remain a relative deal. The last time that LMT shares spent a similar amount of time below their 200-day moving average was July 2015. A better than expected earnings announcement shot the shares 8% higher after they had already emerged from this support. Today’s break higher may be more significant, but there’s a technical catch. What Stocks Will Win the 2016 Election? More significant is the recent pullback to the 50-week moving average, the first since February of this year. This has been staunch support for Lockheed Martin shares since the long-term bullish rally was put in place in 2013. The positive earnings report along with the positive fundamental story of either presidential candidate being bullish for defense stocks makes LMT a bullish technical and fundamental target. Intel Corporation (INTC) Was Intel’s number really that bad or were the expectations too high? The latter is the case as the semiconductor’s quarterly results were better than expected and they posted inline guidance. So why is INTC stock down? Sell the news … it’s that simple. Intel shares saw a nice “buy the rumor” rally ahead of their earnings as the Street got whipped into a frenzy about the chip maker’s results, then the results were just a little better than expected. From there, INTC shares followed a “sell the news” move that has taken them into a classic post-earnings buying situation. Intel shares are hovering in oversold territory as the stock is now finding trendline and chart support at the same time. Trendline support for INTC shares is kicking in at the stock’s 20-week moving average, currently at $35.24. At the same time, Intel’s chart identifies the $35 level as chart support, serving as resistance in Nov. 2015 and then the “neckline” of a head-and-shoulders formation in early 2015. We’re expecting to see the 20-week moving average and $35 level kick in along with the short-term oversold condition to give INTC shares a boost back towards the $40 level, especially as other technology companies continue to report results that are in-line and represent a stronger market than the market determined from Intel’s results. Next Page   1 2 View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2016/10/3-big-stock-charts-intel-corporation-intc-lockheed-martin-corporation-lmt-and-kimberly-clark-corp-kmb/. ©2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Best Growth Stocks for 2017 3 Best Biotech ETFs for Decades of Big Returns 3 Dividend Stocks to Buy No Matter What the Fed Does 3 Stocks for Any Post-Election Volatility Apple Could Launch Apple Glasses by 2018 3 Absolutely Frightening Trends for Twitter Stock Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 3 Dividend Stocks to Buy No Matter What the Fed Does The 10 Best Growth Stocks to Buy for 2017 3 Biotech ETFs for Decades of Big Returns 3 Stocks to Help You Build a Safe Haven from Post-Election Volatility 3 Absolutely Frightening Trends for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Stock Most Popular Most Commented 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 Why Facebook Inc (FB) Stock Is a Post-Election Casualty 16 Best Stocks to Buy Under President Donald Trump The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 10 Small-Cap Stocks That Could Double in 2017 Why Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock Is the Hottest Ticket in Town Small Caps Leading the Party in the Markets Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Quietly Set Itself Up for a HUGE Q4 Time to Grab Up Bargains in the Nasdaq 3 Stocks to Watch on Monday: Freeport-McMoRan Inc (FCX), Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) and Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Trade of the Day: Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) a Buy on the Pullback Poll of the Day View and vote in our How do you think the U.S. economy will do under Donald Trump's presidency? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu SMART SPY AI-enhanced security cameras will soon be able to catch you texting and driving Written by Ananya Bhattacharya Obsession Machines with Brains October 24, 2016 Busted. (AP Photo/Damian Dovarganes) Share Written by Ananya Bhattacharya Obsession Machines with Brains October 24, 2016 Soon, police officers won’t need to pull you over if you’re caught texting while driving. An artificial-intelligence-enhanced speed camera will simply notify authorities directly. The machine vision technology company Movidius has teamed up with the Chinese security camera maker Hikvision to create smart cameras that can catch behavior such as leaving a suspicious package in a public place, driving while distracted by mobile devices, and break ins. Advanced visual analytics will also allow cameras to identify car models and detect seat belts. The partnership will debut a new line of cameras with higher accuracy than traditional computing techniques in China this week. (Movidius has announced its acquisition by Intel.) Both search giant Google and the world’s leading drone manufacturer DJI have relied on Movidius to enhance spatial awareness in virtual reality and engineer the sense and avoid features inside drones respectively. Movidius’s Myriad 2 Vision Processing Unit (VPU) uses deep neural networks that learns patterns from massive amounts of data in order to identify features in a video or still image. Its computer vision lowers risk of false positives. Hikvision claims it has been able to achieve 99% accuracy in visual analytics with Movidius’s help. “Advances in artificial intelligence are revolutionizing the way we think about personal and public security” Movidius CEO Remi El-Ouazzane said in the company’s press release. “The ability to automatically process video in real-time to detect anomalies will have a large impact on the way cities infrastructure are being used.” The low-power VPU allows the advanced algorithms to reside inside the cameras themselves, and information processing occurs instantaneously, instead of requiring additional computing infrastructure in the cloud. This means that information only needs to be transmitted to a central server or human operator when a serious threat or violation is reported. Intelligent systems, such as smart cameras, are slated to grow at over 7% each year from 2015 to 2020, with revenues exceeding $2.2 trillion in 2020, according to the International Data Corporation. However, high levels of visual intelligence could pose a threat to privacy. The facial recognition used to discover missing persons and intruders could just as easily be manipulated by the government to surveil people. Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
