 Learning to innovate internationally with Israeli-like intuition – The Post 7836 International Schools New Job Openings Toggle navigation Home News Local National International Business Careers Advice Workplace Feature of the week Culture Outdoors Science/Tech Øresund Arctic Politics Sports History of sport History Modern history Pre-1900 history Opinion Business Opinions CPH Voices Editorial Jobs Events Performances Music Film kids Art Nightlife Others Food & Drink Bars Restaurants Restaurant Map Cultural Calendar Classifieds Real Estate Schools Services Marketplace Churches & clubs Notice boards Personals Editions Supplements Learning to innovate internationally with Israeli-like intuition From its base in Europe’s answer to Silicon Valley, Innovation Centre Denmark can help its country’s startups to fulfil their potential His office looks like any home, his vision could change the way we live forever April 9th, 2017 7:00 am| by Ella Navarro Pradisiacal Tel Aviv’s ability to inspire investors and entrepreneurs pursuing new business ideas and ventures extends way beyond the splendorous blue sea visible from its coastline. Excellent human capital, infrastructure and a ‘chutzpah’ attitude are among the other elements that make Israel a world leader in innovation and a role model for countries like Denmark to follow. A tech gatekeeper Bill Gates called it when he visited Israel 12 years ago. “It is no exaggeration to say that the kind of innovation that is going on in Israel is critical to the future of the technology business,” he contended, and recent developments have underlined the country’s potential. For example, this month’s multi-billion dollar purchase of Mobileye – a startup that develops vision technology for Advanced Driver Assistance Systems – by US tech company Intel has really put Israel at the forefront again. “It’s a great deal: a representation of what Israeli companies are, and one that shows the growth of the Israeli tech sector,” said Avi Hasson, the chief scientist at the Israeli Ministry of Economy. Louise Vibjerg Thomsen, the commercial counsellor & innovation officer at the recently-established Innovation Centre Denmark (ICDK) in Tel Aviv – one of just seven established worldwide – concurs that the deal was an attention-grabbing one. “A lot of countries are looking to see what’s the intention of Intel,” she told CPH POST. “The acquisition came as a surprise, but it definitely shows that Israel is a technology centre and there is basically no area or field that Israel can’t play a part on.” Logical location The ICDK was set up in Tel Aviv last autumn for good reason. Already known as Silicon Wadi, the Israeli city has stolen a march on Scandinavia in the race to become Europe’s Silicon Valley, but there is no rivalry, contends Thomsen, only the desire for an ongoing collaboration between the countries to innovate. The ICDK acts as facilitator, identifying opportunities and bringing together relevant partners in Denmark and Israel. “There’s no competition between the countries, but more of a complementation,” said Thomsen. “They can be really good partners as Denmark and Israel are not necessarily strong in the same areas. Therefore, the two countries can collaborate and together they can make an alternative to Silicon Valley.” Complementary collaboration Denmark might not have that turquoise sea, but nobody can deny the charm of its famous lakes. And in terms of size – like Israel, it doesn’t have a big local home market or natural resources, so its economic drive comes from technology and research. While Israel has the cutting edge, Denmark’s location affords it a different perspective. “While we are both strong in the research field, Israel is really strong at commercialising the research, making sure all of this data gets out of the university and doesn’t just stay in a drawer, but is used by society,” contended Thomsen. Denmark can definitely learn from Israel, but there is also huge interest in Israel to work side-by-side with Denmark, she said. “Israelis regard Denmark as an absolute frontrunner in research and a country that is extremely trustworthy,” continued Thomsen. “Everything that comes from Denmark is usually of high quality. Therefore, Israelis see Denmark as a strategic partner for them.” A water tech deal signed earlier this year and their constant collaboration on digital health prove that the relationship is developing in a fructiferous way. “In the case of water shortage, Israel is very strong in the area of water-saving solutions,” explained Ann-Christina Lange, the innovation attaché & interim head at the ICDK. “It’s an example of how they see great potential for the Israelis and Danes to offer high-end, cutting-edge solutions to other markets together. We are both strong, but not strong enough to come on our own. Together we could become a great player.” The startup nation Israel is the ultimate startup nation. Still not 70 years old, its leaders have known from the beginning that innovation, dynamicity and flexibility was key to its survival, particularly given the challenges posed by its nature and neighbours. Inheriting an arid land, the country’s founders transformed its landscape thanks to the hard work and irrigation ingenuity of the kibbutzim, while its government promoted innovation, establishing an infrastructure for growth and expansion in the areas of science and technology. Its policies have encouraged startups to be global from day one. Tax incentives and policies, meanwhile, encourage investors, entrepreneurs and multinational companies to get involved. “We want the best people to be involved in innovation,” explained Hasson. “We have created an aggressive corporate dividend tax as part of the OECD, for multinationals registering their intellectual property in Israel in order to put an end to the tax shelter and to incentivise them to bring their investment into the country.” Israel currently has 70 bilateral agreements. Not including the US, Tel Aviv has more startups listed on NASDAQ than any other city. And outside investment continues to grow, with 2016 being yet another record year. A hotbed of talent In Israel, entrepreneurs are treated like rockstars and many of its citizens are motivated to become one. It’s seen at the ultimate crowning of the ‘chutzpah’ attitude that no challenge is insurmountable and failure is not an option. “Israelis don’t like to follow orders, so they have to become entrepreneurs,” contended Eran Shir, the CEO of startup Nexar. Compulsory national service instills in young Israelis a multitude of qualities: knowledge, problem-solving skills, an appetite for risk-taking, and the ability to quickly learn from mistakes. Benjamin Soffer is the CEO of Technion, the Institute of Technology of Israel, where many of the country’s brightest minds come after finishing their national service. The institute is charged with nurturing a living spirit of entrepreneurship that permeates every corner of the campus. It encourages students to become entrepreneurs and to think globally. This, according to Thomsen, is another area in which Denmark can imitate Israel. “We want to teach Danish entrepreneurs and Danish startups to adopt the same kind of worldview,” she said, adding that Israel itself is an excellent choice of stepping stone. Dismissive of the perceived dangers of the country, Thomsen is adamant that the country has a bright future. “We really encourage the Danish companies to see the potential because the risk is minimal,” she said.   Fact file Israel: need to know Free trade agreement with Denmark Biggest markets are the US and Asia-Pacific 53 percent of exports are hi-tech World’s leading spender on R&D as a percentage of GDP 85 percent of startup incubator costs are state-funded Successful Israeli startups Mobileye (autonomous car tech) Intuition Robotics (elder-care robots) Airobotic (drones) Morphisec (cyberattacks) Zebra (medical diagnoses) Fifth Dimension (AI) Infinity (AR) ICDK helps DK startups join an Israeli incubator form an export strategy look for investors access technologies access innovation camps Contact Louise Thomsen via loutho@um.dk Related News Denmark and Israel cosying up on water tech Israeli startup deal proves Denmark is on the right track with self-driving cars We've got self-driving cars, now Denmark wants self-driving ships Latest News Business Learning to innovate internationally with Israeli-like intuition Art The changing nature of time Activities Opera review: All about the foreplay – rape’s aftermath a disappointment Activities When in Denmark: Embracing a great outdoors swimming with pursuits About Us Denmark's leading source for news in English. In addition to publishing the only regularly printed English-language newspaper in Denmark, we also provide constantly updated on-line news. Advertise with us The Copenhagen Post is the only English-language newspaper in Denmark reporting Danish news. For all advertising enquiries, please contact : Telephone: +45 3336 3300 Email: sales@cphpost.dk Quick Links About Us Where To Buy Advertise with us Our Employees News National Politics Business Careers Advice Greater Copenhagen Careers Advice Activities Art Concerts Opinion CPH Post voices Weekly Post & Supplements Daily Post Visit Post Sports Events Events Copyright 1997-2014 Online Post | All Rights Reserved Copyright 1997-2015 Online Post | All Rights Reserved
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: 3 Beaten-Up Internet of Things Stocks: Are They Bargains? CalAmp, Intel, and Fitbit are all making big bets on the IoT -- but investors waiting for these stocks to turn around should read this first. Chris Neiger (TMFNewsie) Apr 8, 2017 at 9:19AM There are plenty of companies that are already benefiting from the Internet of Things (IoT) trend, and this year is shaping up to be a great time to invest in this market. But not all of the companies that are betting on IoT are doing so hot. Namely, Fitbit (NYSE:FIT), Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) and CalAmp (NASDAQ:CAMP) are trailing the S&P 500 over the past year. So does their current bad fortune translate into opportunities for investors? Let's take a look. Image source: Getty Images. The wearable-tech play Fitbit is a leader in the wearable-technology space -- which is part of the broader IoT market -- right now, but its position hasn't translated into gains for its investors. The company's share price has fallen 62% over the past 12 months, as you can see from the chart below. Fitbit data by YCharts. A terrible holiday quarter had a lot to do with Fitbit's share-price drop. Revenue in the fourth quarter of 2016 fell 19.4%, from $711.6 million down to $573.8 million. That fall forced a net income loss of $146.3 million in the quarter and an earnings per share (EPS) loss of $0.56. The collapse of the top and bottom line came as sales for the company's fitness devices hit just 6.5 million in the quarter, down 20.7% year over year. Gross margin also tumbled from 48.9% in the year-ago quarter to just 22.1% in Q4 2016.  Fitbit didn't paint a rosy picture for the current quarter or the rest of 2017, either. Revenue will be between $270 million and $290 million in the first quarter, down from $505 million a year ago. And non-GAAP EPS will be a loss between $0.18 and $0.20. Topping it all off, the company expects full-year revenue to be between $1.5 billion and $1.7 billion, down from $2.17 billion in 2016.  There's no denying Fitbit's place in the wearable-tech market, but if investors are looking for a solid IoT bargain, they may want to look elsewhere. Wearables competition is only getting more intense, and as Fitbit is already failing to deliver solid gains when it has a dominant position in the space, I don't have much faith that the company will deliver when Apple and others are taking even more market share. That's why I'd be comfortable leaving this stock right where it is.  The emerging IoT player Investors keeping up with Intel may wonder why the company makes it onto the battered IoT stock list, considering the company's share price is up more than 13% over the past 12 months. The problem for Intel's stock is that over that same period the S&P 500 has gained about 15%. Intel data by YCharts. This failure to beat the market lands Intel on the beaten-up IoT stock list, but it may not be all bad news for long. Intel recently made a bid to purchase Mobileye (NYSE:MBLY), an Israel-based company that makes advanced driver assistance systems (ADAS) for automakers around the world.  Mobileye currently has about 70% of the ADAS market, and Intel is looking to add the company into its fold to help it boost its position in the driverless-car space. Connected cars and semi-autonomous vehicles are part of the broader IoT market, and Intel is betting that its $15 billion bid for Mobileye will give it a lot of runway in the space to sell more of its chips.  Intel's been focusing more on IoT as it looks for more revenue growth in the wake of the dwindling PC market. The company's IoT business was its fastest-growing revenue segment in 2016 (popping 15%), though it accounted for just 4.4% of total revenue. The Mobileye acquisition, expected to close later this year, would be a huge step in the right direction for Intel as it would allow the company to boost sales of its processors and get its foot in the door of the driverless-car market, which is expected to be worth as much as $77 billion by 2035. With its strong IoT revenue growth and its Mobileye purchase, I think Intel's opportunities outweigh its recent misses -- making this stock a solid IoT bargain right now.  The IoT pure play CalAmp makes equipment and software to connect industrial equipment -- like Caterpillar's earth-moving equipment -- to the internet. But CalAmp's stock has suffered for a while, dropping about 27% in 2016 and falling more than 7% over the past 12 months. CalAmp data by YCharts. But there are signs of life in this IoT pure play. The company made some modest revenue gains of 11.6% in fiscal third quarter 2017, and management is forecasting revenue growth of 15.7% year over year at the midpoint in the current fiscal fourth quarter. The company believes some of the macro headwinds it faced last year are now behind it, and it's looking at revenue growth from one of its key customers, Caterpillar, in the coming year. Caterpillar contributed $6 million to Q3 revenue, and that figure is expected to increase to $7 million to $8 million in Q4 and into the next fiscal year.  CalAmp may be beaten-down now, but it's hard to ignore the company's potential in the Industrial Internet of Things. This market is expected to be worth $195.4 billion by 2022, according to research and consulting company MarketsandMarkets. There's certainly some risk with CalAmp's business being a pure play on the IoT, but that also means there's a lot of upside if the company can anticipate the market correctly. For that reason, I remain cautiously optimistic that CalAmp could be a strong long-term IoT play. Chris Neiger has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple and Fitbit. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends CalAmp and Intel. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Chris Neiger (TMFNewsie) Chris has covered Tech and Telecom companies for The Motley Fool since 2012. Follow him on Twitter for the latest tech stock coverage. Follow @tmfnewsie Article Info Apr 8, 2017 at 9:19AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $36.03 no change (0.00%) CalAmp NASDAQ:CAMP $16.29 down $0.03 (-0.18%) Mobileye NYSE:MBLY $61.74 no change (0.00%) Fitbit NYSE:FIT $5.51 down $0.15 (-2.65%) Read More 1 Way Intel Corporation Wants to Improve R&D Efficiency Why Long-Term Investors Should Prefer NVIDIA Over Intel Inside Intel Corporation's Foundry Ambitions Here's How Intel Corporation Could Refresh Server Chips in 2018 Intel Corporation’s Exciting Plan to Chop Up Future Chips Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current 3 Beaten-Up Internet of Things Stocks: Are They Bargains? @themotleyfool #stocks $INTC, $CAMP, $MBLY, $FIT
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Intel Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Ube Industries, Ltd. (Japan) (UBEOY) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Two Sigma Investments LP Takes Position in Trina Solar Limited (TSL) Intel Co. (INTC) is Loomis Sayles & Co. L P’s 2nd Largest Position iPath S&P 500 VIX Short Term Futures TM ETN Sees Unusually Large Options Volume (VXX) Renaissance Technologies LLC Acquires 117,800 Shares of CECO Environmental Corp. (CECE) Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Stake Lowered by Ruane Cunniff & Goldfarb Inc. B & T Capital Management DBA Alpha Capital Management Continues to Hold Position in AT&T Inc. (T) Sterling Construction Company, Inc. (STRL) Stake Decreased by GSA Capital Partners LLP Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) Position Decreased by Gratus Capital LLC GSA Capital Partners LLP Invests $173,000 in United Community Financial Corp (UCFC) GSA Capital Partners LLP Acquires New Stake in LendingClub Corp (LC) 59,775 Shares in Raymond James Financial, Inc. (RJF) Acquired by Renaissance Technologies LLC Sierra Wireless, Inc. (SWIR) Stake Increased by Renaissance Technologies LLC Stone Run Capital LLC Has $439,000 Stake in Apple Inc. (AAPL) Q2 2017 Earnings Estimate for Pembina Pipeline Corp (PPL) Issued By Cormark Noble Co. (NE) Bond Prices Fall 1.7% Transocean LTD (RIG) Bonds Trading 1.5% Lower Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Comments on Signature Bank’s Q2 2017 Earnings (SBNY) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Has $25,566,000 Position in Carrols Restaurant Group, Inc. (TAST) Comerica Bank Invests $269,000 in Methanex Co. (MEOH) Intel Co. (INTC) is Loomis Sayles & Co. L P’s 2nd Largest Position April 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Loomis Sayles & Co. L P cut its position in shares of Intel Co. (NASDAQ:INTC) by 0.1% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 40,980,902 shares of the chip maker’s stock after selling 56,846 shares during the period. Intel comprises about 3.7% of Loomis Sayles & Co. L P’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 2nd largest position. Loomis Sayles & Co. L P owned 0.87% of Intel worth $1,486,377,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. A number of other hedge funds have also bought and sold shares of the stock. HighPoint Advisor Group LLC increased its stake in Intel by 1.5% in the third quarter. HighPoint Advisor Group LLC now owns 36,790 shares of the chip maker’s stock worth $1,288,000 after buying an additional 556 shares in the last quarter. Court Place Advisors LLC increased its stake in Intel by 2.1% in the third quarter. Court Place Advisors LLC now owns 128,070 shares of the chip maker’s stock worth $4,835,000 after buying an additional 2,638 shares in the last quarter. Albion Financial Group UT increased its stake in Intel by 237.5% in the third quarter. Albion Financial Group UT now owns 80,767 shares of the chip maker’s stock worth $3,049,000 after buying an additional 56,838 shares in the last quarter. Korea Investment CORP increased its stake in Intel by 13.3% in the third quarter. Korea Investment CORP now owns 3,427,798 shares of the chip maker’s stock worth $129,399,000 after buying an additional 402,824 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Capital One National Association increased its stake in Intel by 2.1% in the third quarter. Capital One National Association now owns 69,718 shares of the chip maker’s stock worth $2,632,000 after buying an additional 1,457 shares in the last quarter. 65.90% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Intel Co. (NASDAQ:INTC) opened at 36.03 on Friday. Intel Co. has a 12-month low of $29.50 and a 12-month high of $38.45. The company’s 50-day moving average is $35.78 and its 200-day moving average is $36.09. The stock has a market cap of $170.35 billion, a P/E ratio of 17.00 and a beta of 1.03. Intel also was the recipient of some unusual options trading activity on Wednesday. Investors bought 4,430 put options on the company. This represents an increase of approximately 252% compared to the average volume of 1,260 put options. Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) last announced its earnings results on Thursday, January 26th. The chip maker reported $0.79 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.75 by $0.04. Intel had a net margin of 17.37% and a return on equity of 20.95%. The firm had revenue of $16.40 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $15.75 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business posted $0.74 EPS. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 10.1% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Intel Co. will post $2.79 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 1st. Stockholders of record on Sunday, May 7th will be issued a dividend of $0.2725 per share. This represents a $1.09 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.03%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, May 3rd. This is a boost from Intel’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.26. Intel’s payout ratio is 49.29%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Intel Co. (INTC) is Loomis Sayles & Co. L P’s 2nd Largest Position” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international copyright legislation. The original version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/08/intel-co-intc-is-loomis-sayles-co-l-ps-2nd-largest-position.html. INTC has been the subject of a number of recent research reports. Vetr raised shares of Intel from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $40.65 price objective for the company in a report on Monday, February 6th. Needham & Company LLC boosted their price objective on shares of Intel from $42.00 to $43.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, January 27th. Credit Suisse Group AG boosted their price objective on shares of Intel from $40.00 to $45.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a report on Friday, January 27th. Evercore ISI reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $45.00 price objective (up previously from $43.00) on shares of Intel in a report on Friday, December 16th. Finally, Morgan Stanley raised shares of Intel from an “underweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating and set a $38.00 price objective for the company in a report on Friday, January 27th. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seventeen have issued a hold rating and twenty-eight have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $40.17. In other news, EVP Stacy J. Smith sold 29,497 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Friday, January 20th. The shares were sold at an average price of $36.76, for a total transaction of $1,084,309.72. Following the sale, the executive vice president now owns 244,734 shares in the company, valued at approximately $8,996,421.84. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Also, CEO Brian M. Krzanich sold 72,172 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Monday, March 13th. The shares were sold at an average price of $35.21, for a total transaction of $2,541,176.12. Following the sale, the chief executive officer now owns 549,091 shares in the company, valued at approximately $19,333,494.11. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last 90 days, insiders have sold 193,972 shares of company stock worth $7,014,041. Company insiders own 0.09% of the company’s stock. About Intel Intel Corporation is engaged in designing and manufacturing products and technologies, such as the cloud. The Company’s segments are Client Computing Group (CCG), Data Center Group (DCG), Internet of Things Group (IOTG), Non-Volatile Memory Solutions Group (NSG), Intel Security Group (ISecG), Programmable Solutions Group (PSG), All Other and New Technology Group (NTG). Want to see what other hedge funds are holding INTC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Intel Co. (NASDAQ:INTC). Receive News & Ratings for Intel Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
PBS NEWSHOUR WATCH politics Shields and Brooks Supreme Court Vote 2016 Politics Monday arts Art Beat Poetry Photo Essays nation Supreme Court Race Matters Essays Brief But Spectacular world Social Entrepreneurship economy Making Sen$e Social Security Ask the Headhunter Paul Solman science Science Wednesday Innovation and Invention Miles O’Brien health Long-Term Care education Teachers Teachers’ Lounge Student Reporting Labs teachers The Rundown TV SCHEDULE ABOUT US FEEDBACK PRESS SUBSCRIPTIONS PRIVACY JOB OPENINGS RECENT PROGRAMS POLITICS ARTS NATION WORLD ECONOMY SCIENCE HEALTH EDUCATION TEACHERS THE RUNDOWN SUBSCRIBE FOLLOW US A BLOG OF NEWS AND INSIGHT News Now: Health Supreme Court Vote 2016 Politics Rep. Mike Conaway to replace Nunes as head of House Russia probe EMAIL BY Mary Clare Jalonick, Associated Press  April 6, 2017 at 6:53 PM EDT Rep. Mike Conaway, R-Texas, conducts a 2015 news conference at the House triangle. On Thursday, Speaker Paul Ryan tapped Conaway to continue the investigation after House intelligence committee Chairman Devin Nunes, R-Calif., stepped aside. Photo By Tom Williams/CQ Roll Call. WASHINGTON — The longtime Texas Republican tapped to lead the House probe into Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election is more familiar quietly working on agriculture issues. But Rep. Mike Conaway has created headlines. He expressed skepticism about the high-profile probe and compared the foreign interference from Russia to Mexican entertainers trying to get out the vote for Democrat Hillary Clinton in Nevada. “Those are foreign actors, foreign people, influencing the vote in Nevada,” Conaway told the Dallas Morning News. “You don’t hear the Democrats screaming and saying one word about that.” On Thursday, Speaker Paul Ryan tapped Conaway to continue the investigation after House intelligence committee Chairman Devin Nunes, R-Calif., stepped aside, citing ethics complaints that he mishandled classified information. RELATED CONTENT Devin Nunes recuses himself as House Intel chair during Russia probe The biggest questions yet to be answered in the Russia probe WATCH: After NYT report on Nunes, Spicer invites lawmakers to view intel material Despite his party credentials — he’s a longtime friend of former President George W. Bush — Conaway has worked with Democrats during his seven terms in the House. He’s the current chairman of the House Agriculture Committee, in which alliances often fall along regional, not party lines. He’s also a former chairman of the House Ethics Committee, which reviews ethics charges on a bipartisan basis. In a statement Thursday, Conaway promised to work across the aisle. “My profession as a CPA and auditor has taught me to be objective and methodical, and that is how I intend to help lead this investigation,” he said, adding that he is confident he and the top Democrat on the panel, California Rep. Adam Schiff, “will be able to work together to conduct an effective, bipartisan investigation.” During the intelligence committee’s first hearing on the Russia probe last month, Conaway questioned FBI Director James Comey on how intelligence agencies prove who is behind a hack and what a foreign leader’s “intent” is. He appeared skeptical of intelligence agencies’ assessment that Russian President Vladimir Putin wanted Trump to win because he didn’t like his Democratic opponent, Clinton. “I mean the logic is that because he really didn’t like president — the candidate Clinton — that he automatically liked Trump. That assessment’s based on what?” Conaway asked. Conaway grew up in and represents deeply conservative West Texas, where he met and worked for Bush years ago as an accountant. He served in the Army and is an ordained deacon in the Baptist church. When he became chairman of the agriculture panel, he started a new tradition of saying prayers before every committee meeting. Schiff said in an interview with The Associated Press that Conaway is “a straight shooter.” The Democrat also noted that Conaway isn’t close to President Donald Trump. Nunes was on the White House transition team, and Democrats have complained he was too friendly with the president as the panel investigated ties between Trump’s campaign and Russia. Nunes last month disclosed that Trump associates’ communication had been swept up by U.S. spy agencies and, he suggested, mishandled by Obama administration officials. “I have worked with Mike for many years now,” Schiff said. “I have a lot of respect for him.” READ MORE: Amid FBI investigation, White House tries to distance Trump from campaign aides Trump himself confirmed that he’s not close with Conaway, saying Thursday, “the gentleman replacing (Nunes), who I don’t know, I hear is a very, very highly respected man. High quality.” The Texas Republican supported Trump in the election last year, and publicly offered to help him with advice on agriculture issues. But it wasn’t clear if the campaign took him up on that. In February, Conaway was critical of Trump for comments he made in a 2005 recording released during the presidential campaign. In the recording, Trump made a series of comments about groping women. At an Agriculture Department event, Conaway said Trump’s comments “should never have happened, it was never excused in a private conversation.” But he had stronger words for women who carried explicit signs targeting Trump at the Women’s March on Washington the day after the inauguration. “There was a taint to that march that just cut me to the core,” Conaway said Feb. 23. “Women carrying signs and wearing costumes in the foulest, nastiest, crudest, crassest manner possible, talking about female body parts.” Referring to the song “God Bless America,” Conaway asked, “Can God bless the killing of 57 million babies in 43 years? Can he bless the coarsening of our society, the language we use, the stuff that comes out of Hollywood that we think’s entertainment, the way we deify in many instances the folks that put that on?” He added: “You’ve got to live a moral code.” Associated Press writers Julie Pace and Eileen Sullivan contributed to this report. SHARE ON FACEBOOK SHARE ON TWITTER SHARE VIA TEXT devin nunes mike conaway Paul ryan russia investigations PREVIOUS POST WATCH: U.S. hints at military action to retaliate against Assad NEXT POST U.S. fires missiles into Syria in first attack on Assad regime Are you aware of our comment policy? PBS NewsHour allows open commenting for all registered users, and encourages discussion amongst you, our audience. However, if a commenter violates our terms of use or abuses the commenting forum, their comment may go into moderation or be removed entirely. We reserve the right to remove posts that do not follow these basic guidelines: comments must be relevant to the topic of the post; may not include profanity, personal attacks or hate speech; may not promote a business or raise money; may not be spam. Anything you post should be your own work. The PBS NewsHour reserves the right to read on the air and/or publish on its website or in any medium now known or unknown the comments or emails that we receive. By submitting comments, you agree to the PBS Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, which include more details. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. READ THIS NEXT U.S. fires missiles into Syria in first attack on Assad regime SUBSCRIBE FOLLOW US SUPPORT FOR PBS NEWSHOUR PROVIDED BY SUBSCRIBE PODCAST: ITUNES | XML HEADLINE FEEDS: XML | ALL BROADCAST REPORTS PBS NewsHour Weekend full episode April 8, 2017 Assessing the aftermath of U.S. airstrikes in Syria Group gives cash aid to rural Kenyans, then studies its effects What makes me different from today’s Syrian refugees? Just fate and timing Shields and Brooks on Trump’s Syria attack, Senate’s fierce partisanship Trump and China’s Xi meet as North Korea, trade tensions loom PBS NewsHour full episode April 7, 2017 MOST READ MOST DISCUSSED 1 An ‘Earth-sized’ telescope takes aim at the first-ever image of a black hole 2 Shields and Brooks on Trump’s Syria attack, Senate’s fierce partisanship 3 Assessing the aftermath of U.S. airstrikes in Syria 4 Group gives cash aid to rural Kenyans, then studies its effects 5 Photo: Who was in the room when Trump was briefed on the Syria strike? 1 Photo: Who was in the room when Trump was briefed on Syria? 2 U.S. fires missiles into Syria in first attack on Assad regime 3 5 things we learned from the fight over Neil Gorsuch's Supreme Court confirmation 4 LISTEN: President Trump's full statement on U.S. missile attack on Syria 5 Where do you stand on the March for Science? Loading... WATCH FULL BROADCASTS LISTEN FULL AUDIO PODCASTS SUPPORT FOR PBS NEWSHOUR PROVIDED BY TOPICS RECENT PROGRAMS POLITICS ARTS NATION WORLD ECONOMY SCIENCE HEALTH EDUCATION TEACHERS TV LISTINGS ABOUT US PRESS FEEDBACK SUBSCRIPTIONS PRIVACY JOB OPENINGS © 1996 - 2017 NewsHour Productions LLC. All Rights Reserved. Support the kind of journalism done by the NewsHour... Become a member of your local PBS station.
Technology content trusted in North America and globally since 1999 7,453 Reviews & Articles | 54,782 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket AM4 Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU TRENDING NOW: Project Scorpio hits 4K 60FPS in Forza 6 Home News Gaming Project Scorpio shouldn't cost $700, nor $399 Analysts pinpoint Project Scorpio's cost as low as $399 and as high as $700, and we think both of these are wrong. Here's why By: Derek Strickland | Gaming News | Posted: 3 hours, 18 mins ago Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA Now that Microsoft has confirmed it's new 4K-ready Project Scorpio console can indeed hit native 4K 60FPS at Ultra preset, there's been lots of speculation on how much the system will cost. Leading game analysts toss out their predictions, and we weigh each price point to see what makes sense.     First we have the outlandish $700 price prediction from IDC's Lewis Ward, who predicts Scorpio must ship at $700 for Microsoft to make any money.   "I estimate the basic hardware will cost around $650, so if Microsoft wants any kind of margin at all, Scorpio will have to retail for $700 or more," Lewis told Games Industry.biz. The analyst justifies his prediction by pointing at Alienware's VR-ready Aurora PC, which sports an RX 480 GPU and Intel i5-7400, which somehow equates Project Scorpio's specs. "If you look at the Alienware Aurora, which is a solid VR-ready PC, that currently costs about $1,000. I think Scorpio will come in below that, but how much below is unknowable at this point."   Let's start with this one.   First of all, the Alienware Aurora PC uses discrete hardware designed for a PC platform. Every component is separated and can be swapped out. Of course we can't equate highly customized consoles with dedicated desktops given the nature of the massive advantage discrete hardware has over custom console-grade components.   But Microsoft has done something unprecedented with Scorpio's Jaguar CPU and Polaris-derived GPU by customizing the hardware on a silicon level to essentially make it their own. They've taken AMD's Jaguar microprocessor and Radeon Polaris graphics technology and tweaked both into a supercharged form capable of achieving native 4K gaming at 60FPS. The 16nm SoC has the console's powerful and efficient Scorpio Engine serving as the heart of the system itself.     Now Project Scorpio's 6TFLOP GPU is derived from AMD's Polaris architecture, and has been directly compared to AMD's Radeon RX 480 and for good reason: Scorpio's customized GPU has quite similar perf to the RX 480 in terms of specs.   Scorpio's GPU has more Compute Units, at 40 CU, and has a smidgen more TFLOP power, but the RX 480 has a higher core clock at 1266MHz versus Scorpio's 1172MHz. And, of course, the Scorpio's GPU is 16nm FinFET versus the RX 480's 14nm FinFET, but both are still Polaris. But remember, we can't exactly compare like for like here considering one component is a dedicated desktop-grade video card, and the other is a super-customized chip designed to work in its own self-contained environment.   Comparing Scorpio's CPU to the CPU inside of the $1000 Alienware Aurora is even trickier. But in terms of specs, the console features an extremely customized 8-Core CPU "Jaguar evolved" x86 CPU at 2.3GHz of frequency. The Aurora's 14nm Intel i5 7400 CPU has 4-cores and 4 threads at 3.00GHz frequency and 6MB cache versus Scorpio's 4MB L2 cache.   And the Core i5-7400 has a max TurboBoost frequency of 3.50GHz.     It just doesn't add up   So where am I going with all of this?   The analyst's reasoning behind a $700 price point is based on the components used in Scorpio, and he uses an Alienware Aurora PC with specific internals as a basis for pricing. But the components just don't match up, not really, and they never will because one is a dedicated desktop and the other is a console machine that requires highly scaled hardware.   Microsoft has essentially taken the kind of components found in a PS4 Pro and customized them in such a way that's never been done before in a console, creating an extremely efficient and synergized platform whose parts are all harmonized on a software and hardware level.   Realistically speaking, there's no real way a Polaris GPU and Jaguar CPU should be able to support native 4K 60FPS, but Microsoft has achieved it by unifiying enhanced hardware and software in an intelligent, flexible design.   Scorpio has been customized on the silicon level, but the robust software pipeline is the yin to the console hardware's yang; the system ensures that games don't waste any power and only use the resources they need. The system marries efficiency, flexibility, scalability and raw power in such a way that facilitates surprising, almost magical results.   As Digital Foundry's Richard Leadbetter says, Scorpio achieves this harmony with something called the Hovis Method.   "It turns out efficiency in the Scorpio design isn't just baked in at the silicon level--it's there throughout the entire box. Microsoft has implemented what it's dubbed the Hovis method, named after the guy who came up with the concept. The Hovis method means this: every single Scorpio engine processor that comes off the production line has its own power characteristics...because every piece of silicon is ever so slightly different. Rather than apply the usual one-size-fits-all power delivery system, every Scorpio motherboard is balanced with its specific processor. This helps keep heat down and ensures peak efficiency."     Polaris GPU, Jaguar CPU + customization = lower cost   So how does this tie into the console's cost?   Since Scorpio uses a Jaguar CPU and Polaris-grade GPU, the system could be quite cheaper than my original $599 prediction. Since Scorpio has a nice memory bump to 12GB GDDR5 RAM alongside a vapor chamber cooling assembly, I still don't think it'll cost $399, as Webdush Securities analyst Michael Pachter predicts.   But it certainly could cost a lot less than $700.   "The price will matter, and if it is over $400, it might be a tough comparison to the PS4 Pro," Pachter told GamesIndustry.biz. "If it is $400 or less, they should start to gain some share... 4K TV owners who are gamers will gravitate to a 4K console. That will become a more meaningful niche this holiday, as 4K TVs are pretty consistently priced under $1000."   Yes, Microsoft will have some trouble convincing gamers to gravitate away from PlayStation's dominance. However, Scorpio does something that PS4 Pro can't: native 4K 60FPS and more dynamic VR and AR experiences. Scorpio also guarantees that every original Xbox One game will run better out of the box.   Scorpio also guarantees super-sampling for all Xbox One games in 1080p, and further tightens dynamic resolution trade offs in titles like Halo 5 and Doom.     Despite the beefier specs, Scorpio represents a power play on Microsoft's part, a move that could pull more developers into its unified console-PC slipstream and afford more exclusive content. Devs that use DirectX 12 in their games will be attracted to the DX12 API built into Scorpio's GPU, which alleviates CPU workloads by half in DX12 games like Battlefront, Battlefield 1, Gears of War 4, etc. That extra CPU power can then be used to further optimize the game in various ways.   Plus Scorpio gives devs access to 3GB of extra GDDR5 RAM--a total of 8GB of Scorpio's total 12GB of memory--to do with as they please; this extra memory can be used in a multitude of different ways, even serving as an IO cache to boost loading times in 1080p Xbox One games.   But is Pachter's $400 estimate accurate?   I don't think so. I think Microsoft does want to compete with PS4 Pro, no question, but it just seems too cheap for all that work. And I believe the Xbox One S still stands as a contender against PS4 Pro. Scorpio is probably one of the most intricately planned console ever made, and Microsoft pulled lots of hardware tricks to get the system in its current shape. It definitely represents a step beyond PS4 Pro, and the price tag should be adjusted accordingly.   I've already outlined why I think Project Scorpio won't be $399 here, so be sure to check out all my thoughts on the subject.   "Scorpio will be a premium console. It will cost more than S, obviously, this is how we are building it up," Microsoft's Phil Spencer said. "We have not announced the pricing yet, but want to make sure that the investment we are making in the product of Scorpio goes hand in hand with the requirement of high-end consumer and that means a higher price."     Project Scorpio's cost: my predictions   So how much should Project Scorpio cost?   I pin the 1TB "Xbox One Ultra" at $459 - $499. Of course that name is just speculation from me. Scorpio's official branding hasn't yet been revealed.   I hope this bit of coverage has helped you gauge your expectations of Project Scorpio in terms of power, value, and of course, price. Sometimes I see predictions that kind of blow me away, and I felt the need to address this with an article.   Project Scorpio will release Holiday 2017 and Microsoft is set to reveal the system at their E3 2017 showcase.   Check below for a full list of Project Scorpio coverage.   Project Scorpio confirmed specs   SoC: Highly customized 360mm² AMD System-on-Chip built on 16nm FinFET GPU: Polaris-derived GPU with 40 Compute Units at 1172MHz, 6TFLOPs of Compute Performance CPU: Custom x86 "Jaguar Evolved" 8-core CPU at 2.3GHz, 4MB L2 cache Memory: 12GB GDDR5 memory with 326GB/s bandwidth (12x 6.8GHz modules on a 384-bit bus) Storage: 1TB 2.5-inch HDD Media: 4K UHD Blu-ray player     Project Scorpio has custom hard disk to load 4K textures   DirectX 12 games will have advantage in Project Scorpio   Project Scorpio could be a sleek compact powerhouse   Project Scorpio devs have access to 8GB GDDR5 RAM   Xbox Scorpio: the best display of AMD technology yet   Project Scorpio will play all Xbox One games better   Project Scorpio could challenge GTX 1070 and Fury X GPUs   Project Scorpio rocks high-end vapor chamber cooler   Project Scorpio hits 4K 60FPS in Forza 6   Project Scorpio: 6 TFLOP Polaris GPU at 1173MHz, 2.73GHz Jaguar CPU, 12GB GDDR5 memory NEWS SOURCES:Gamesindustry.biz Recommended for You Can Project Scorpio's custom hard drive be swapped... Microsoft: Project Scorpio leaps ahead of all consoles... Gearbox backpedals from G2A deal, but the damage is... Project Scorpio could be a sleek compact powerhouse... >> NEXT STORY: Overwatch probably isn't coming to Nintendo Switch << PREVIOUS STORY: BioWare is pushy with Mass Effect: Andromeda's update Related Tags Project Scorpio Microsoft 4K Xbox Xbox Scorpio Windows 10 Windows 10 UWP Xbox Xbox One Gaming Alienware AMD IDC Intel Jaguar Wedbush Got an opinion on this news? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts Overwatch probably isn't coming to Nintendo Switch Project Scorpio shouldn't cost $700, nor $399 AMD Ryzen 5 1600 hits 4GHz, offering 6C/12T at $219 BioWare is pushy with Mass Effect: Andromeda's update Can Project Scorpio's custom hard drive be swapped out?View More News Posts Forum Activity Update corrupt backup BIOS EVO 960 and a PM961 in a Raid 0 C2550D4I Unable to access IPMI via Web Browser CalDigit TS3 Lite Thunderbolt Station 3 Review ZOTAC GeForce GTX 1080 Mini - World's Smallest GTX 1080!View More Forum Posts Press Releases ADATA launches the XPG SX7000 PCI Express 3.0 x4 M.2 2280 SSD Toshiba announces volume availability of 8TB HDD model - company's largest enterprise capacity HDD ENERMAX intros STEREOTWIN & STEREOSGL, Wireless Stereo Speakers Eurocom launches the lightweight 17.3' PX7 Pro SE Mobile Server G.SKILL announces Trident Z RGB DDR4-3333MHz 128GB (16GBx8) kitsView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2017 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
Computing Mobile Internet Gaming Electronics Extreme Deep Dives Deals About ExtremeTech ET Forums Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Home Gaming Total War: Warhammer’s Bretonnia patch boosts performance on AMD Ryzen CPUs Total War: Warhammer’s Bretonnia patch boosts performance on AMD Ryzen CPUs By Joel Hruska on April 5, 2017 at 9:15 am Comment Last week, the Total War: Warhammer team released a new patch, codenamed Bretonnia. While they didn’t specifically discuss any kind of new features in the patch notes, testing shows that the update significantly improved performance on AMD’s new Ryzen microprocessors. PCGames.fr tested the new 1.6.0 patch, and found a consistent 10 percent improvement on all three Ryzen 7 processors, as shown below: Data and graph by PCGames.fr Intel microprocessors were reportedly unaffected by the patch. The size of the improvement suggests further proof for AMD’s claim that Ryzen’s lower-than-expected performance in some titles was caused by a lack of game code optimizations. Ashes of the Singularity, which released its own patch last week, has also seen a modest performance uplift, and Oxide has speculated that the situation might be improved further with additional changes. PCGames.fr also floats the idea that some of the Ryzen gap might be attributable to bugs in game engines, like F1 2016, which apparently treated Ryzen as a 16-core processor rather than an eight-core processor with 16 threads. AMD’s Robert Hallock wrote up and released his own report on how SMT, faster RAM, and HPET settings could influence the F1 2016 benchmark specifically, available here. This distinction isn’t trivial and it could easily explain some of what’s been called the “Ryzen gap,” although we’d caution against assuming it’s the only explanation (Ashes of the Singularity, for example, had a different issue). When Intel released the first Pentium 4 processors with Hyper-Threading for the consumer market, previous Windows operating systems like Windows 2000 and Windows XP pre-SP1 didn’t assign workloads properly because they didn’t understand that HT offered a second logical processor, not a second physical core. In HT/SMT, scheduling and execution resources are shared, not duplicated — and that means trying to shove 16 separate threads down an eight-core chip with SMT could easily lead to some of the performance decreases we’ve seen in certain titles. On the whole, however, I’m not too worried about the so-called ‘Ryzen gap.’ Our tests showed that the Ryzen 7 1800X could stay neck-and-neck with the Core i7-6900K, even when equipped with a GTX 1080 Ti, when tuned for testing in GPU-centric as opposed to CPU-centric scenarios. Provided we see similar patterns with Ryzen 5, there’s no real reason to be concerned. Older games and engines that might not be optimized properly will still run quite quickly, while newer titles will bake in proper support from the start. So far, Total War: Warhammer and Ashes of the Singularity are the only two games we know of with Ryzen-specific patches, but we’ll keep you updated as more games add support. The speed with which both developers released these updates suggests it’s not too hard to close the gap, which is good news for AMD and gamers alike. Tagged In amd Ryzen Ashes of the Singularity SMT 1800X Warhammer Total War Warhammer Total War F1 2016 Post a Comment Comment ExtremeTech Newsletter Subscribe Today to get the latest ExtremeTech news delivered right to your inbox. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. More Articles Delphi looks to profit from your connected car’s data Apr 7 Scientists find Earth-like planet with an atmosphere just 39 light-years away Apr 7 ET deals: Dell Inspiron 15 5000 15.6-inch laptop for $769 Apr 7 ExtremeTech’s best gifts for every major species of geek fandom Apr 7 Microsoft finally reveals exactly what telemetry Windows 10 collects about your PC Apr 7 About ExtremeTech Advertising Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Accessibility Statement Use of this site is governed by our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Copyright 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC.PCMag Digital Group All Rights Reserved. ExtremeTech is a registered trademark of Ziff Davis, LLC. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of Ziff Davis, LLC. is prohibited. unused
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: 3 Top Dividend Stocks in the Server Industry Breaking down the income investing case for server stocks IBM, Hewlett-Packard Enterprise, and Intel. Andrew Tonner (TMFTheDude) Apr 8, 2017 at 4:31PM Servers are, in many respects, the backbones of technology industry. They serve as critical infrastructure on which a host of other functions rest. Considering their importance, it should come as no surprise that the server market is one of the largest sub-industries in all of tech; global server sales totaled $14.6 billion in Q4 2016, according to research firm IDC.  Cloud computing is undoubtedly changing the industry, but the leading server manufacturers remain several well-known tech companies. In this article, we'll look at three dividend-paying, large-cap stocks that investors interested in the server market should consider. Image source: Getty Images. Hewlett-Packard Enterprise It is the world's largest server provider, and servers sales constitute the single-largest revenue contributor among Hewlett-Packard Enterprises' (NYSE:HPE) six reporting sub-sections, accounting for $14.0 billion of the IT giant's $50.1 billion FY 2016 sales. Like the rest of the market, Hewlett-Packard Enterprise's server sales have remained fairly static, declining just 0.7% from 2015 to 2016. For those unfamiliar with it, the company was formed from the 2015 split of the iconic tech conglomerate Hewlett-Packard. HP Inc. was created to house the PC and printer division, which remain in secular decline, while Hewlett-Packard Enterprise was created to hold the more promising businesses. However, looking at current analyst estimates, it isn't immediately clear that those businesses are, in fact, more promising. Wall Street analysts see the company's 2017 estimated sales falling 28% and its FY 2018 revenue declining a further 17%. Interestingly, this kind of sales attrition did not reveal itself in HPE's most recent 10-K filing; FY 2016 total revenues fell a mere 3.8%. As such, investors considering buying HPE for its income-producing abilities should keep in mind that many observers widely expect its business to gradually deteriorate in the coming years. Buyer beware. In terms of its dividend stats, HPE yields slightly less than the market average of 1.94%. The company raised its dividend in December, so its shares yield 1.28% on a trailing-12-month rate basis, and 1.48% on a forward basis. It also enjoys plenty of room for future rate increases -- HPE's payout ratio sits at just 12.6% -- though its revenue growth outlook profile remains a critical consideration for anyone looking at HPE stock. International Business Machines Unlike HPE, the dynamics at International Business Machines' (NYSE:IBM) server business better reflect the on-the-ground reality of the server industry. IBM organizes its sales of its three main server products under the umbrella of its Systems reporting segment. For its fiscal 2016, sales of IBM's physical servers plummeted 21.8% to $5.9 billion. This might seem dire, but it's important to remember that cloud computing and IBM's various software-as-a-service offerings still rely on servers to power their systems. In fact, IBM's cloud revenues grew 49% in 2016 to a run rate of $5.8 billion, or roughly the same size as IBM's current server sales base. Said another way, IBM's shifting business model hasn't eroded the server as a key driver of its sales. Rather, the rise of cloud computing means IBM is selling server-powered software to customers, rather than physical servers themselves. In terms of its dividend payments, IBM shares currently yield 3.2%, well above market averages. The company has done an admirable of job steadily increasing its payouts as well. Though not a Dividend Aristocrat, IBM has increased its annual cash payments for 17 consecutive years. It also bears noting that IBM has been one of the most active companies in corporate America in terms of rewarding its shareholders through stock buybacks as well. So, while IBM doesn't command the same kind of server market share as HPE, the company's continued progress in its ongoing business pivot and above-average yield make it one of the more appealing income-producing stocks to appear on this list. Intel Another interesting dividend play tied to the server industry could be investing in one of the suppliers that provides hardware components to the industry at large. If that's your flavor, then chip giant Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) is perhaps your best bet. Intel is widely acknowledged to control an estimated 99% of the server microprocessor market, making it a proxy for the industry as a whole. As such, companies that make and sell physical servers to customers, like HPQ and IBM, use Intel chips to power their products. However, major cloud computing providers -- like Amazon, Alphabet, and others -- also use Intel server chips to power their respective cloud infrastructures. As such, investing in Intel can be seen as a nice way to invest in the industry growth as a whole, while saving the headache of having to determine which specific server manufacturer will perform the best. Seasoned tech investors will also recognize Intel as one of the industry's best-known dividend stocks. Though fairly mature from a sales growth perspective, Intel handsomely rewards its shareholders through cash distributions and stock buybacks. Intel's current dividend yield sits at a respectable 2.9%. Its 49% payout ratio should give the company the flexibility to continue to raise payouts in the future as well. And while not a Dividend Aristocrat -- Intel missed raising its dividend as recently as two years ago -- the company has demonstrated a general commitment to growing its dividend. As just one example, Intel's cash distributions grew from just $0.07 in its FY 2000 to $1.04 in its FY 2016. So, while Intel doesn't directly produce servers, its shares can still be an interesting way for investors to generate dividend payments from the server industry all the same. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Andrew Tonner has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A and C shares) and Amazon. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Andrew Tonner (TMFTheDude) Andrew Tonner is a senior tech specialist for The Motley Fool. He is a graduate of The University of Arizona with a degree in Finance. Follow @andrewtonner Article Info Apr 8, 2017 at 4:31PM Technology and Telecom Stocks IBM NYSE:IBM $172.14 down $0.31 (-0.18%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $36.03 no change (0.00%) HP NYSE:HPQ $17.37 down $0.19 (-1.08%) Alphabet (A shares) NASDAQ:GOOGL $842.10 down $-3.00 (-0.35%) Amazon NASDAQ:AMZN $894.88 down $-3.40 (-0.38%) Alphabet (C shares) NASDAQ:GOOG $824.67 down $-3.21 (-0.39%) Hewlett Packard Enterprise NYSE:HPE $18.28 up $0.26 (1.44%) Read More 3 Beaten-Up Internet of Things Stocks: Are They Bargains? 1 Way Intel Corporation Wants to Improve R&D Efficiency Why Long-Term Investors Should Prefer NVIDIA Over Intel 4 Tech Stocks to Buy with Dividends Yielding More than 3% Inside Intel Corporation's Foundry Ambitions Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current 3 Top Dividend Stocks in the Server Industry @themotleyfool #stocks $IBM, $INTC, $HPQ, $GOOGL, $AMZN, $GOOG, $HPE
OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search Health Rural News Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Connecting Iowans Join the conversation here Website Facebook Twitter Most Popular Most Recent Identities of two killed in Johnson County plane crash released IMCA Late Model drivers dipping into Modified Ashton Kutcher receives Pillar of Character Award, credits upbringing in Iowa Two Hawkeye defensive linemen, two stages of readiness NOTEBOOK: ISU holder Kyle Starcevich proposes to longtime girlfriend following spring game Ashton Kutcher receives Pillar of Character Award, credits upbringing in Iowa Identities of two killed in Johnson County plane crash released Offense falls flat as Cedar Rapids Titans fall to Sioux Falls, 46-21 IMCA Late Model drivers dipping into Modified Beloit rallies to top C.R. Kernels in record-setting home opener, 7-6 The long road to autonomous vehicles The technology was working almost two dozen years ago Video Photo Uber Uber last month briefly suspended autonomous car testing after a crash in Arizona, which officials say wasn’t the fault of the self-driving vehicle. By By Mike Freeman, San Diego Union-Tribune Apr 5, 2017 at 3:35 pm | Print View SAN DIEGO — Back in 1995, the NavLab 5 team at Carnegie Mellon University launched an autonomous vehicle on a trip from Pittsburgh to San Diego. The vehicle navigated itself, without intervention from a human driver, for 98 percent of the 2,800 mile journey. It averaged speeds above 60 mph. So if self-driving technology worked on a cross-country trip 22 years ago, why aren’t roads filled with autonomous cars today? The reason is the technology remains closer to the research lab stage and is not ready for prime time, experts say. It’s not good enough or affordable enough yet for widespread use. Sensors must shrink, improve their range, particularly in bad weather, and become less expensive. Mobile networks must eliminate transmission delays so vehicles can communicate instantly — not only with nearby cars but also with the internet cloud to process data. Costs for very precise, real-time, three-dimensional map technology to guide self-driving cars must come down. Artificial intelligence software must be nimble to handle the unexpected — ranging from predicting behavior of nearby drivers to figuring out when an object in the road is a harmless plastic bag or an undercarriage-crushing rock. And perhaps most important, the driving public needs to come to grips with what it wants from autonomous vehicles, which hold the promise of reducing accidents and fatalities but may not be perfect. In May 2016, a man died when his Telsa crashed into a big rig while operating in the car maker’s self-driving software mode known as Autopilot. Federal regulators determined that Telsa’s software functioned properly in the Florida accident, but Autopilot requires full-driver attention at all times. In March, Uber briefly suspended autonomous car testing after a crash in Arizona, which officials said wasn’t the fault of the self-driving vehicle. It occurred when a nearby motorist failed to yield. “We really expect our autonomous cars to do much better than us, otherwise we are not going to use them,” said Gabriel Rebeiz, an electrical and computer engineering professor at the University of California at San Diego. “That is a very high bar.” These hurdles don’t mean that the march toward self-driving cars has stalled. If anything, it’s gaining momentum. Nearly all automakers are working on autonomous vehicles programs. Google and Uber are testing robotic car technologies on the road. Big technology companies including Qualcomm and Intel have targeted automotive technology as a major growth market. It is part of the rationale behind Qualcomm’s pending $38 billion acquisition of automotive chip outfit NXP Semiconductors and Intel’s recent $15 billion buyout of automotive sensor and software outfit Mobileye. Work on autonomous vehicles has been going on since the early 1980s, said Takeo Kanade, a computer vision professor and winner of the 2016 Kyoto Prize for Advanced Technology, during a recent event in San Diego. The cross-country trip between Pittsburgh and San Diego was a milestone achievement for Robotics Institute at Carnegie Mellon and the advancement of self-driving vehicles. One advantage to automation is the potential to reduce accidents and save lives. Vehicle crashes kill more than one million people globally each year and injure millions more. Cutting the number of wrecks would bring down medical and insurance costs. “What happens when a child chases a ball onto the road? As a human you can slam on the brakes and stop car. But machines will react much faster than humans,” said Chris Mi, chairman of electrical and computer engineering department at San Diego State University. Coupled with connected smart infrastructure, autonomous vehicles also could traverse highways and streets more efficiently, limiting traffic jams and reducing carbon emissions. And self-driving cars free up time for motorists to do other things on their way to the office, boosting productivity. To get there, data from on-board cameras, radar and lidar sensors is being fused together to create a picture of what’s around the car. Lidar, which can cost $60,000 or more, works like radar but uses light instead of radio waves. At International CES in January, Ford demonstrated a pickle-jar sized laser lidar, mounted near the side-view mirror on a prototype self-driving sedan. (Not long ago, lidar systems were the size of a suitcase.) It pinpointed people and objects around the car — creating a very detailed dynamic view of its surroundings. But it also required a trunk full of powerful computer servers to process the data — which probably isn’t practical for real life self-driving vehicles. High-speed 5G mobile networks could be critical for autonomous vehicles — providing a way to off-load the hefty computer processing demands to the internet cloud. 5G also is expected to reduce transmission delays — known as latency — in wireless networks, paving the way for connected cars to make split second decisions required on the road. 5G networks could roll out as early as 2019. Like what you're reading? We make it easy to stay connected: Follow @TwitterDev Subscribe to our email newsletters Download our free apps Your next Nation & World articles Discovery could aid in development of tr ... Syrian town devastated by chemical attac ... Swedish police arrest Uzbek man suspecte ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Hardware Unboxed Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Hardware amd ryzen 5 AMD's Ryzen 5 can be stably overclocked to 4 GHz The question is: Do you want to overclock it when it already beats the i7-7700K? By Cal Jeffrey on Apr 7, 2017, 4:00 PM 24 comments TechSpot The Ryzen 5 series of processors from AMD does not even hit store shelves until next Tuesday, but that has not stopped Antonline, from selling the CPUs from a sample lot. Forbes reported that early reviews of the Ryzen 5 1600 have already surfaced stating that it outperforms the Intel Core i7-7700K. Even though the quad-core 7700K is clocked at a base of 4.2 GHz, the Ryzen 5 was able to beat it with its 6-core/12-thread architecture clocking at 3.2 GHz. In fact, the Intel processor could not even keep up when it was overclocked to 4.9 GHz. Speaking of overclocking, the boys over at HardOCP were curious how far the new Ryzen 5 CPUs could be pushed. So they too decided to take advantage of the available samples and run them through their water-cooled unit. The Ryzen 5 series comes in four flavors the quad-core/8-thread 1400 and 1500X, and the 6-core/12-thread 1600 and 1600X. HardOCP purchased two 1400 and two 1600 to put through stress testing. All of the processors have a base clock speed of 3.2 GHz. First, they tested the 1600 CPUs. After hours of testing, the CPU was running stable at 4.0 GHz using 3200 MHz RAM. The core voltage was set to 1.45 volts and level 5 load-line calibration. Both Ryzen 1600s worked identically. They then tested the 1400 processors. The first was stable at 3.9 GHz running at 1.4 volts and an LLC at level 2. The second one they really tried to push to 4.0 GHz, but it would only operate at that speed for less than an hour. They got it stable at 3.975 GHz with a 1.45 v core and at LLC 5. All of these overclocked tests were pushing the CPUs to their absolute limits. All threads were running a full load and the heat produced was high even with water cooling. The 1400 units were operating in a temperature range of 57-67 Celsius, and the 1600s were around 70-73 C. HardOCP stated that “Once you get past 3.8 GHz on these processors, the voltage usage and heat emitted just gets exponential with them. So they get very hot, very quickly,” so you would be better of giving up that extra 100 MHz. Overall, the testers were more pleased with the Ryzen 5 1600. They said that the 1600s were more consistent and easier to set up and get stable. However, they recommend that overclockers be sure to have their BIOS updated because they have experienced buggy issues involving RAM. Ryzen 5 series will hit store shelves April 11, but if you cannot wait that long Antonline is still selling them on Ebay for $180 for the 1400 and $232 for the 1600. Check out TechSpot's full review of the Ryzen 5 1600X and 1500X coming up next Tuesday after the official embargo lifts. Related Reads AMD Ryzen goes on sale March 2nd for under $500 AMD Ryzen 5 processors detailed, launching April 11 AMD unveils Ryzen, the official name for their next-gen CPU 24 comments 370 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… JEDEC's DDR5 standard will double bandwidth and density Intel's first consumer-grade Optane SSD will be super-speedy, and super-small How much faster is a modern workstation for Adobe Photoshop CC 2017? Popular 17 comments SimCity 2000 is the Most Important Game I've Ever Played 24 comments AMD's Ryzen 5 can be stably overclocked to 4 GHz 18 comments Pornhub ordered to turn over user data by May 1 38 comments Twitter is suing the US Government for trying to identify user behind anti-Trump account Load Comments 24 ... User Comments: 24 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 8 PC build 28 I can no longer hear voices, only background sounds 7 Which case would you put the 32 thread monster in? 21 A desktop in a laptop: Where to find? 10 3 monitors problem Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Home Home Bloomberg Technology Share on Facebook Share on Twitter These Hackathon Hustlers Make Their Living From Corporate Coding Contests Some coders go from one marathon hacking session to another, subsisting on prize money and schwag. Illustration: Brandon Celi by Lizette Chapman @lizette_chapman More stories by Lizette Chapman April 4, 2017, 6:00 AM EDT Peter Ma looked around his San Francisco condo and realized he’d won everything in it. His flat-screen TV, home theater system, 3D printers, phones, tablets, computers and furniture were either hackathon prizes or purchased with hackathon earnings. Stashed under his leather couch — which he’d bought with an Amazon gift card — was a thick stack of 2- and 3-foot-long cardboard checks commemorating his most cherished wins. “The only non-schwag I have are shoes,” he said. With his gray hoodie and close-cropped goatee, 33-year-old Ma looks like any of the thousands of computer programmers roaming the city, but he’s part of an elite corps. He and about a dozen friends travel the hackathon circuit. They build apps, connected devices and other products during all-night, fiercely competitive programming contests where sleep is scarce and caffeine is plentiful. The sessions are usually sponsored by corporations, and top prizes mean serious cash. (We explore hackathons for the younger set on this week’s Decrypted podcast; subscribe here on iTunes.) Some of the hackers have jobs. Some do contracting work. Some have corporate sponsors. Almost all of them are working on a pet startup idea. For Ma and a few others, hackathons are a job. Ma knows he would make more money if he had a more traditional career. He just doesn’t want one. “I have my time to myself and the freedom to work on whatever it is I want,” said Ma during a long lunch on a sunny Tuesday in March. Ma said he has considered offers from Google, Facebook and Uber over the years, but passed every time because he likes calling his own shots. Intel sponsors his work by sending him technology for company-related projects, and he also has an occasional gig consulting for large companies. He likes the setup because it allows him to travel and work on his own schedule. Brian Clark, 27, supported himself on hackathon earnings for more than two years. (He and Ma don’t know each other.) He’s working on his fourth startup idea now, and says he carves out time for competitions because they help him hone skills and earn money quickly. “I’d much rather earn that money in two days so I don’t have to take the programming job for two months,” Clark said. At one hackathon sponsored by Kmart and Sears, he built a mobile gifting app. None of his friends liked the idea, so he engineered it on his own and ended up winning $6,000 for fewer than four hours of work. Another time, when his bank account was down to zero and he was sleeping on a friend’s couch in Oakland, he entered a hackathon out of desperation. “It was win it or apply for a job,” said Clark. He and some friends spent a little more than a day building a tool enabling developers to troubleshoot mobile apps by tracking user behavior. “Out of 800 teams, I won first for $40,000.” Over the past three years, Ma has traveled to more than 100 hackathons, and his strategy is down to a science. He knows how to maximize his time and prizes. He enters competitions based on the quality of the sponsors (read: big money), the location (unless airfare is covered, he’s not inclined to leave the Bay Area) and which of his friends are planning to go. The cooler and newer the technology being promoted, the more interesting the hackathon is. Ma and Clark both look for events that will help them continue their education by practicing new skills. A few days before each hackathon, Ma checks that all his favorite programs and tools are up to date. Usually updates take 15 to 30 minutes, but sometimes there’s a glitch, a program fails and an update can take a couple of hours. The times he hasn’t done the prep work, like at a Smart Cities event at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas, have created chaos during the hackathon. “We didn’t know we needed an update and all the sample code stopped working,” said Ma. The oversight cost his team several hours to correct. “You know how a soldier goes to battle with a sword? Our weapons are our laptops.” Ma brings his computer, his iPhone, two Androids, a microprocessor development board and sensors for temperature, humidity and touch. He doesn’t pack a toothbrush. “I bring the basics,” he said. Clark packs his favorite blue fleece blanket and small pillow into his backpack along with his laptop and charging cables. (He also doesn’t bring a toothbrush.) Once he knows who the sponsors are and what technology they’re promoting, he writes a pitch describing the project he aims to build incorporating that tech and uses it as a script when he presents his project. “We had three guys building a fart app and 90 percent of the customers are women” Hackathons can vary in length, focus, judging criteria and other factors, but they all follow a similar pattern. Hackers register online, usually in teams of three to five people. Corporations hold competitions in all kinds of places: Any large space with bathrooms, screaming fast Wi-Fi and lots of power outlets will do. After each team claims their work area and stashes their gear, they meet with corporate sponsors to evaluate the tech tools they might use to build projects and, of course, get T-shirts and other schwag. Hackathons usually have a specific technology like augmented reality or a theme like “connected homes.” Hackers know about those categories in advance, but teams aren’t allowed to begin working until the official start. Most events last between 24 and 48 hours. During that time hackers work as a team to create something new, interesting and functional. Organizers provide all the food and drink — a menu that often includes pizza, burritos, energy drinks, chips and chocolate — so hackers can eat while they work. Many don’t sleep. Others take short naps under tables while their teammates continue coding on their laptops a few feet away. Calculating the salary of a professional hackathoner is not straightforward. Winners can earn tens of thousands of dollars every month, but much of that may come in the form of gift cards, service credits and gadgets. And since winnings are divided among team members, individual hauls vary depending on the size of the team. If these coders were working at Google as entry-level software engineers, they could each make about $127,000 a year, according to employer review site Glassdoor. That jumps to north of $200,000 for more senior positions. Jay Zalowitz, who lives in San Francisco and is 28, said he used hackathon earnings to bootstrap his startup for several years. He pared back his weekend hacking — it usually takes a couple of days to recover from such a lengthy grind — when he got a full-time programming job. “Once you start making real money, the amount you win is actually pretty marginal,” he said. Corporations have embraced hackathons in recent years. There were more than 1,000 in 2016, according to Devpost, a developer site that maintains a running list. Companies such as Microsoft and Amazon sponsor hackathons because the competitions allow them to show off their newest gadgets, like virtual-reality headsets and voice-control APIs. The more sponsors can entice developers to build with their products, the faster those products take off. IBM holds hundreds of hackathons — online and in person — every year. Some are massive. To push Watson, its artificial intelligence platform, IBM is now running a true marathon event (with a more normal work schedule) of three years with a $5 million prize attached. “We use it as a vehicle to push new technologies,” said IBM Chief Developer Advocate Willie Tejada. “We know it feeds revenue somewhere down the line.” Devpost founder Brandon Kessler said he’s recently noticed the rise of nontech companies and live events — like Fashion Week in New York — seeking to infuse technology into their main business by hosting and sponsoring hackathons. “They are becoming more of a daily tool for innovation,” he said. In March, Procter & Gamble hosted a hackathon in Redwood City, California, to promote Febreze plug-in scent dispensers and be inspired by new ideas for future products. Organizers invited Xerox’s PARC, Nest, Google, Amazon Alexa, cloud platform startup Arrayent and other companies promoting connected homes to attend so they could showcase their own technologies enabling connected Febreze dispensers. In exchange for $10,000 and prizes — including a PARC internship — dozens of developer teams slept in shifts during the 48-hour event to build the best project. Ma and his team, which brought a methane sensor to the event, built a fart app. When the sensor detected high levels of methane, it signaled the Febreze plug-in to emit a puff of fragrance. They didn’t win. “The technical integrations didn’t matter. It was all about the idea,” said Ma. He wished he’d had a woman on the team. “We had three guys building a fart app and 90 percent of the customers are women.” Procter & Gamble was happy with the results: One winning project connected the scent dispenser via Wi-Fi to a smartphone so users could control scent along with temperature and mood lighting. “Hackathons allow us to have access to some of the sharpest minds,” said Procter & Gamble spokeswoman Lauren Thaman, who said the company has done a couple such events and intends to do more. “It’s a very creative, fast way to get answers from innovators and early adopters.” Corporate hackathons don’t always go according to plan, though. Salesforce.com blazed into the hackathon scene in 2013, offering a $1 million grand prize — an unprecedented amount that dazzled hackers, who registered in record numbers to compete. But when judges awarded the prize to a former Salesforce employee, who had written some code before the hackathon officially began, the backlash from developers was severe. Salesforce clarified the rules in 2014 and has since abandoned the splashy competition in favor of an online learning program for developers. Ma says along with Salesforce’s withdrawal he’s noticed some companies have begun to offer smaller prizes. Founders sometimes game competitions, too, using hackathons as a place to launch their mostly baked startup ideas and presenting polished projects that have been a steady focus for months rather than a basic prototype created in a flash of inspiration. These forces have changed the competitive dynamic and made it harder to earn a living as a professional hackathoner. Of course, some hackers also drop out after they get jobs, get married or their immune systems can no longer withstand the stress of poor diet and no sleep. Ma says he plans to continue for as long as he can. He likes the freedom to build whatever he feels like and help larger social issues. He and friends recently competed in Code for the Kingdom, sponsored by Christian churches — a hackathon focused on solving homelessness, hunger and other social problems. They won $1,000. “I can always get a corporate job,” he said, slicing into seared branzino. “I don’t need to. That’s the backup plan.”   Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Contact Us Contests BCE: 60.40 +0.63 RCI-B: 59.68 +0.29 T: 44.26 +0.07 SJR-B: 27.77 +0.24 QBR-B: 41.06 -0.04 News Apr 8, 2017 4:48 PM EDTSamsung’s Galaxy A5 vs the S7 and the S8 Apr 8, 2017 9:39 AM EDTThis could be the refurbished Galaxy Note 7 with a 3,200 mAh battery Apr 7, 2017 6:27 PM EDTOnePlus is still silent about the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X Nougat update Apr 7, 2017 5:31 PM EDTCRTC reveals phase one of plan to transfer telephone subsidy to broadb... Apr 7, 2017 2:58 PM EDTKik CEO says he wants to create a completely new payments experience i... Apr 7, 2017 2:07 PM EDTDoodling on screenshots might be possible in the future for all Androi... Apr 7, 2017 1:21 PM EDTUber releases new Canadian Community Guidelines and tips on how to get... Apr 7, 2017 12:20 PM EDTThe BlackBerry Priv is one of the most secure Android devices on the m... Carriers Apr 6, 2017 7:10 PM EDTChamberland Commission reveals extent of cellular data requests made t... Apr 6, 2017 4:34 PM EDTCanadian national public alerting system to soon notify smartphones of... Apr 6, 2017 12:43 PM EDTBell to drop promo data pricing in Quebec, 10GB data add-on will be $40 Apr 6, 2017 9:37 AM EDTWi-Fi calling coming to some Freedom Mobile customers ‘within we... Apr 6, 2017 9:16 AM EDTLG G6 can now be purchased for $839 no-term in Canada Apr 6, 2017 6:00 AM EDTCCTS reveals top wireless complaint by Canadians is carriers misleadin... Apr 5, 2017 3:51 PM EDTCanadian carriers should offer unlimited data: Toronto City Council to... Apr 5, 2017 12:25 PM EDTGoogle Pixel XL put on discontinued list at Rogers and Fido Manufacturers Apr 7, 2017 6:27 PM EDTOnePlus is still silent about the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X Nougat update Apr 7, 2017 12:20 PM EDTThe BlackBerry Priv is one of the most secure Android devices on the m... Apr 6, 2017 1:25 PM EDTHuawei wins $15 million CAD patent infringement lawsuit against Samsung Apr 3, 2017 7:34 PM EDTLG, Samsung, Foxconn and more sign on to Google’s new ‘pat... Apr 3, 2017 10:27 AM EDTSamsung Canada to open a 21,000 sq. ft. retail store in downtown Toronto Mar 31, 2017 2:56 PM EDTSamsung says S8’s Google Assistant inclusion is ‘all about... Mar 29, 2017 12:08 PM EDTSamsung Connect Home is a mesh Wi-Fi router that works with Smart Thin... Mar 27, 2017 7:01 PM EDTApple publishes 11th annual Supplier Responsibility Report Phones Apr 8, 2017 9:39 AM EDTThis could be the refurbished Galaxy Note 7 with a 3,200 mAh battery Apr 7, 2017 11:13 AM EDTPoop Troop Emoji Keyboard provides you with a poop animation for every... Apr 7, 2017 8:56 AM EDTGoogle says 5% of Android devices are now running Nougat 7.0 and 7.1 Apr 6, 2017 5:58 PM EDTFirmware development has started for the Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Apr 6, 2017 3:16 PM EDTSupport for self-dismissing notifications announced for Android O Apr 6, 2017 12:36 PM EDTSamsung increases Galaxy S8+ production following positive reaction to... Apr 5, 2017 5:52 PM EDTMoto Z2 logo tweeted by prolific leaker Evan Blass Apr 5, 2017 11:56 AM EDTGoogle Pixel XL 2 rumoured codename Muskie sighted in Android Open Sou... Tablets Apr 4, 2017 1:54 PM EDTSamsung’s Tizen operating system is reportedly a hacker’s ... Apr 4, 2017 10:03 AM EDTAlcatel Pop 7 LTE tablet now available at Fido and Rogers Mar 31, 2017 1:27 PM EDTYou can now download Google Calendar on the iPad Mar 27, 2017 7:26 PM EDTMicrosoft won’t reveal new Surface Book 2 at spring hardware event Mar 24, 2017 2:57 PM EDTIn pictures: Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Mar 24, 2017 11:38 AM EDTThe Nougat-powered Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 is now available in Canada fo... Mar 21, 2017 8:59 AM EDTApple announces updated 9.7-inch iPad, starts at $449 CAD [Update: now... Mar 19, 2017 8:53 PM EDTNintendo to double Switch production following the console early retai... Wearables Apr 7, 2017 11:36 AM EDTSamsung Gear S3 ‘Value Pack Update’ adds new features to t... Apr 5, 2017 7:06 PM EDTNew Pebble update ensures smartwatches will keep working when the serv... Apr 4, 2017 1:54 PM EDTSamsung’s Tizen operating system is reportedly a hacker’s ... Apr 4, 2017 7:27 AM EDTW|W: The Wearable Weekly – Palmer Luckey leaves Facebook Apr 3, 2017 3:38 PM EDTHTC marks the Vive’s first birthday with $100 off deal and a fre... Apr 3, 2017 1:25 PM EDTSamsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ do not support Google’s Daydream VR pl... Mar 31, 2017 1:14 PM EDTAndroid Wear 2.0 delayed yet again due to bug Mar 30, 2017 4:47 PM EDTOculus co-founder and Rift Creator Palmer Luckey leaves Facebook Virtual Reality Apr 5, 2017 8:28 AM EDTHTC launches Viveport monthly VR app subscription service Apr 3, 2017 4:39 PM EDTLowe’s Canada launches VR experience to teach skills for DIY hom... Apr 3, 2017 2:29 PM EDTHouse of VR is futuristic, art-focused and hopes to lead the charge in... Mar 1, 2017 8:41 AM EDTWaterloo-based VR arcade planning expansion across Canada Feb 28, 2017 4:13 PM EDTGoogle marks Mobile World Congress with several announcements about AR... Feb 28, 2017 10:49 AM EDTIkea invites Canadians to flip pancakes in a virtual reality kitchen Feb 21, 2017 10:30 AM EDTMicrosoft HoloLens AR headset successor reportedly coming in 2019 Feb 11, 2017 10:22 AM EDTNew Sony Playstation VR patent outlines HTC Vive-like tech Apps/Games Apr 7, 2017 2:58 PM EDTKik CEO says he wants to create a completely new payments experience i... Apr 7, 2017 2:07 PM EDTDoodling on screenshots might be possible in the future for all Androi... Apr 7, 2017 1:21 PM EDTUber releases new Canadian Community Guidelines and tips on how to get... Apr 7, 2017 11:23 AM EDTGraceful Explosion Machine is the first Canadian-developed Nintendo Sw... Apr 7, 2017 10:09 AM EDTGoogle rolls out Search and News fact checking cards globally Apr 6, 2017 4:17 PM EDTIntroducing the Mobile UX Awards: Celebrating the best in mobile exper... Apr 6, 2017 4:15 PM EDTYouTube restricts partner ad program to users that reach 10,000 lifeti... Apr 6, 2017 3:00 PM EDTFacebook Messenger AI ‘M’ will eventually roll out to othe... Automotive Apr 7, 2017 7:27 AM EDTUniversity of Toronto and Waterloo finalists to compete in AutoDrive C... Apr 5, 2017 1:34 PM EDTRawdon, Quebec sells more electric cars than anywhere in Canada Apr 4, 2017 7:03 PM EDTTesla is now the most valuable U.S. automaker, beating out GM and Ford Mar 31, 2017 7:32 AM EDTNissan to launch program to support Quebec’s electric car pilot ... Mar 30, 2017 10:10 AM EDTFord opens Canadian Ottawa Research and Engineering Centre, hires 400 ... Mar 29, 2017 9:18 AM EDTTransport Canada grants Drone Delivery Canada flight certificate to te... Mar 24, 2017 7:13 AM EDTToronto Transit Commission report explores the introduction of driverl... Mar 23, 2017 12:22 PM EDTMicrosoft announces connected car patent licensing deal with Toyota Accessories Apr 5, 2017 6:24 PM EDTApple could be working on a MagSafe-to-USB-C adapter Apr 5, 2017 2:50 PM EDTBelkin releases new USB-C DuraTek Kevlar Fiber Cable and other USB-C a... Apr 5, 2017 9:29 AM EDTAukey’s 30,000mAh battery pack is the perfect Nintendo Switch tr... Apr 4, 2017 4:29 PM EDTMonitor your furry friend’s comings and goings with the Microchi... Mar 31, 2017 9:07 AM EDTMotorola teases RAZR Moto Mod Mar 30, 2017 12:02 PM EDTAmazon Canada deals include heavily discounted Gear S2, Sennheiser hea... Mar 29, 2017 3:05 PM EDTHere are the Samsung Galaxy S8 cases you can buy right now Mar 29, 2017 11:02 AM EDTSamsung announces new Gear 360 camera with 4K video livestream support Reviews Apr 4, 2017 1:03 PM EDTiPad (2017) review: Perfect for first-time tablet buyers Apr 4, 2017 6:53 AM EDTSonos Playbase Review: The opposite of ‘flat’ audio Apr 3, 2017 4:19 PM EDTHere’s everything hitting CraveTV in April Mar 31, 2017 7:44 PM EDTAmerican Gods and American Playboy are coming to Amazon Prime Video th... Mar 31, 2017 3:36 PM EDTAlcatel Idol 4S Review: The best Windows Mobile phone for the average ... Mar 29, 2017 8:06 PM EDTSamsung Gear VR with controller Hands-on: Staying the course Mar 29, 2017 5:35 PM EDTSamsung’s new Gear 360 Hands-on: 4K future Mar 29, 2017 11:00 AM EDTSamsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Hands-on: The death of the bezel Phones Mar 31, 2017 7:44 PM EDTAmerican Gods and American Playboy are coming to Amazon Prime Video th... Mar 31, 2017 3:36 PM EDTAlcatel Idol 4S Review: The best Windows Mobile phone for the average ... Mar 29, 2017 11:00 AM EDTSamsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Hands-on: The death of the bezel Mar 24, 2017 3:05 PM EDT(Product)Red iPhone 7 hands-on video and gallery Feb 27, 2017 11:41 PM EDTLG G6 Hands-on: An imperfect step up Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM EDTSony Xperia XZ Premium Hands-on: Smart camera package, shiny look Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM EDTSony Xperia XA1 and Xperia XA1 Ultra Hands-on: A look at Sony’s ... Feb 11, 2017 3:49 PM EDTHP Elite X3 Review: A super phablet that’s stuck with a faltering OS Tablets Apr 4, 2017 1:03 PM EDTiPad (2017) review: Perfect for first-time tablet buyers Nov 10, 2016 9:00 AM EDTSurface Book i7 Review: One for the pros Aug 9, 2016 3:32 PM EDTAcer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternat... May 25, 2016 5:30 PM EDTSamsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in... May 4, 2016 2:10 PM EDTKindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a hig... Mar 21, 2016 5:20 PM EDT9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build Feb 8, 2016 12:31 PM EDTAre big tablets the future of small TVs? Samsung thinks so Dec 8, 2015 1:00 PM EDTGoogle Pixel C tablet lightning review Wearables Mar 29, 2017 8:06 PM EDTSamsung Gear VR with controller Hands-on: Staying the course Feb 3, 2017 4:27 PM EDTAsus ZenWatch 3 Review: Finally, another great Android Wear device Jan 31, 2017 7:31 AM EDTW|W: The Wearable Weekly — Google is just happy to be nominated Jan 11, 2017 2:39 PM EDTLowdown Focus Hands-on: Toronto’s Interaxon and Safilo join forces Nov 13, 2016 2:12 PM EDTFitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie Oct 12, 2016 12:53 PM EDTCharge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best f... Aug 2, 2016 1:00 PM EDTSamsung Gear VR Hands-on: A minor facelift Jul 5, 2016 12:26 PM EDTSamsung Gear Fit 2 review: Surprisingly feature-rich at $250 Accessories Apr 4, 2017 6:53 AM EDTSonos Playbase Review: The opposite of ‘flat’ audio Mar 29, 2017 5:35 PM EDTSamsung’s new Gear 360 Hands-on: 4K future Mar 28, 2017 5:48 PM EDTTranscend DrivePro 520 review: Dash cam with a mobile twist Mar 27, 2017 6:07 PM EDTPhilips Sonicare FlexCare Platinum Connected review: A smarter toothbrush Mar 7, 2017 12:01 AM EDTSonos Playbase hands-on: Boosting audio for your TV Mar 4, 2017 12:26 PM EDTBragi Dash review: too much, too fast Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM EDTXperia Touch Hands-on: Sony’s Android-based projector Jan 5, 2017 10:18 AM EDTLinksys Velop router hands-on: Mesh Wi-Fi of the future Automotive Feb 20, 2017 2:00 PM EDTCarr-E Hands-on: A look at Ford’s ‘last mile’ gizmo Jan 25, 2017 10:52 AM EDTChevrolet Bolt EV Hands-on: Charging forward Jan 3, 2017 6:44 PM EDTIn-car video streaming options are poised to grow Dec 28, 2016 3:04 PM EDT2017 Lexus RX infotainment Review: Staying the course Nov 26, 2016 12:06 PM EDT2017 Cadillac CT6 Sedan Hands-on: Checking out Cadillac’s new connec... Nov 8, 2016 10:38 AM EDTAndroid Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap Jul 16, 2016 11:48 AM EDT2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over Dec 31, 2015 10:02 AM EDTAndroid Auto review Games Mar 1, 2017 9:00 AM EDTNintendo Switch Review: Forward looking, but not ready today Jan 28, 2017 12:26 AM EDTNintendo Switch Hands-on: Compelling concept with few games to back it up Jan 7, 2017 1:22 PM EDTRun (or speed-walk) for your life with Zombies, Run! [Game of the Week] Jan 1, 2017 5:27 PM EDTBring in the New Year with Table Tennis [Game of the Week] Dec 24, 2016 9:29 AM EDTRollerCoaster Tycoon Classic faithfully recreates the classic PC game ... Dec 19, 2016 4:24 PM EDTSuper Mario Run Review: Nintendo nails its mobile landing Dec 17, 2016 10:33 AM EDTNintendo finally takes mobile seriously with Super Mario Run [Game of ... Dec 11, 2016 5:55 PM EDTRetro Winter Sports 1986 is a Commodore 64 throwback [Game of the Week] Apps Apr 3, 2017 4:19 PM EDTHere’s everything hitting CraveTV in April Oct 20, 2016 1:02 PM EDTAeronaut is the prettiest memory game you ever did see [Game of the Week] Oct 4, 2016 9:02 AM EDTHands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle Oct 3, 2016 9:03 AM EDTFacebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android a... Sep 11, 2016 10:00 AM EDTScience News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of s... Sep 3, 2016 10:26 AM EDTManage your smartphone addiction with Forest [App of the Week] Aug 21, 2016 2:36 PM EDTSquare Enix Montreal does it again with Deus Ex Go [Game of the Week] Aug 7, 2016 12:44 PM EDTDots & Co lets you connect the dots [Game of the week] Virtual Reality Jan 8, 2017 2:00 PM EDTIntel’s Project Alloy Hands-on: Shooting drones in merged reality Jan 4, 2017 10:32 AM EDTA look at Lenovo’s VR headset and Windows Holographic VR Dec 5, 2016 10:00 AM EDTOculus Rift with Touch Review: The Vive meets its match Nov 10, 2016 9:00 AM EDTGoogle Daydream View Review: Beyond Cardboard Oct 5, 2016 8:04 AM EDTPlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream Sep 1, 2016 5:42 PM EDTPlayStation VR is high-end virtual reality’s best chance at main... Carriers Nov 25, 2016 9:31 AM EDT2016 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: The future creates difficultie... Features Apr 8, 2017 7:51 PM EDTZedge is the one-stop app for Android customization [App of the week] Apr 8, 2017 4:48 PM EDTSamsung’s Galaxy A5 vs the S7 and the S8 Apr 8, 2017 1:20 PM EDTShift your perspective with Ellie & Max [Game of the Week] Apr 6, 2017 2:00 PM EDTFreedom Mobile expands its LTE network, adds new LTE roaming partner Apr 6, 2017 11:00 AM EDTApple’s new app Clips is the perfect mobile video editing companion Apr 2, 2017 6:33 PM EDTKill zombies in ‘Death Road To Canada’ [Game of the Week] Apr 2, 2017 2:09 PM EDTAdopt a veggie baby with Hendrick’s Cucumber Adoption Service [B... Apr 1, 2017 5:48 PM EDTFind fun things to do in your city with DoStuff [App of the week] Carriers Feb 14, 2017 1:59 PM EDTDevice unlocking takes centre stage at CRTC Wireless Code review Jan 26, 2017 6:00 AM EDTTelus leads Rogers and Bell in network speeds, according to OpenSignal Jan 18, 2017 10:55 AM EDTHow fast is Freedom Mobile’s LTE network in Toronto? Jan 16, 2017 12:52 PM EDTBlackBerry discusses the future of BB10 Jan 14, 2017 1:40 PM EDT7 wearable trends at CES 2017 Jan 11, 2017 8:30 AM EDT10 AR and VR trends at CES 2017 Jan 10, 2017 7:37 AM EDTHonda and Visa aim to soon let you pay for things from inside your car Jan 9, 2017 1:51 PM EDTQi sees ‘the finish line’ in wireless charging arms race Editorials Mar 15, 2017 12:58 PM EDTSamsung’s Galaxy A5 is a toned-down S7 for about $300 less Feb 14, 2017 1:28 PM EDTGoogle Pixel revisited: Does it live up to the hype? Feb 1, 2017 12:02 PM EDTThe Switch should be competing with the iPad, not the Xbox One or PS4 Jan 14, 2017 6:03 PM EDT3 takeaways from Nintendo’s Switch keynote presentation Dec 29, 2016 12:54 PM EDTEvery Android owner should check out the OnePlus Bullets V2 headphones Dec 10, 2016 1:02 PM EDTWhy I switched from a DSLR to Panasonic’s G85 mirrorless micro f... Nov 30, 2016 11:00 AM EDTCan Apple’s iPad Pro actually replace a laptop? Nov 19, 2016 11:00 AM EDTWhy I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement App/Game of the Week Apr 8, 2017 7:51 PM EDTZedge is the one-stop app for Android customization [App of the week] Apr 8, 2017 1:20 PM EDTShift your perspective with Ellie & Max [Game of the Week] Apr 2, 2017 6:33 PM EDTKill zombies in ‘Death Road To Canada’ [Game of the Week] Apr 2, 2017 2:09 PM EDTAdopt a veggie baby with Hendrick’s Cucumber Adoption Service [B... Apr 1, 2017 5:48 PM EDTFind fun things to do in your city with DoStuff [App of the week] Mar 26, 2017 2:56 PM EDTBuilt for Speed is the cutest little retro racing game you’ll ev... Mar 25, 2017 7:22 AM EDTEarn rewards by making healthy choices with Carrot Rewards [App of the... Mar 18, 2017 6:03 PM EDTStraight lines are so yesterday with Squigglish [App of the week] Buyers' Guide Nov 1, 2016 4:34 PM EDTAmazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items Jun 17, 2016 11:23 AM EDTFather’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad Jun 15, 2016 3:09 PM EDTFather’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad Jun 14, 2016 11:44 AM EDTFather’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad Dec 2, 2015 4:45 PM EDTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Wearables Dec 1, 2015 5:20 PM EDTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Tablets Nov 30, 2015 6:15 PM EDTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Smartphones Aug 19, 2015 4:29 PM EDTThe Best Wearables for Back To School General Apr 8, 2017 4:48 PM EDTSamsung’s Galaxy A5 vs the S7 and the S8 Apr 6, 2017 2:00 PM EDTFreedom Mobile expands its LTE network, adds new LTE roaming partner Apr 6, 2017 11:00 AM EDTApple’s new app Clips is the perfect mobile video editing companion Mar 31, 2017 12:31 PM EDTHere are 8 of the Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+’s best features Mar 29, 2017 11:00 AM EDTSamsung goes all in on curved screens with new Galaxy S8 and S8+ models Mar 9, 2017 4:00 PM EDTHow three Canadian cities are trying to become smart cities Mar 7, 2017 11:36 AM EDTBlackBerry wants its BlackBerry Secure badge to instill security confi... Mar 4, 2017 4:33 PM EDTThe Last Guardian – A Boy and his Bird-Dog [This Week in Gaming] Resources Apr 8, 2017 9:21 AM EDTHow to use 3D Touch to become an iPhone efficiency wizard Apr 5, 2017 2:09 PM EDTHere are the best and most affordable microSD cards for the Nintendo S... Apr 1, 2017 1:33 PM EDTHow to get your iPhone to help first responders in an emergency with M... Mar 31, 2017 2:51 PM EDTHow to backup and restore your iOS device using iTunes and iCloud Mar 22, 2017 3:31 PM EDTHow to install the Android O Developer Preview on compatible Nexus and... Mar 19, 2017 2:04 PM EDTHow-to enable night shift mode on your iPhone Mar 10, 2017 1:15 PM EDTThe ultimate guide to Canadian carrier unlocking fees Mar 3, 2017 12:23 PM EDTHow to use APN settings for Canadian carriers How-to's Apr 8, 2017 9:21 AM EDTHow to use 3D Touch to become an iPhone efficiency wizard Apr 5, 2017 2:09 PM EDTHere are the best and most affordable microSD cards for the Nintendo S... Apr 1, 2017 1:33 PM EDTHow to get your iPhone to help first responders in an emergency with M... Mar 31, 2017 2:51 PM EDTHow to backup and restore your iOS device using iTunes and iCloud Mar 22, 2017 3:31 PM EDTHow to install the Android O Developer Preview on compatible Nexus and... Mar 19, 2017 2:04 PM EDTHow-to enable night shift mode on your iPhone Mar 10, 2017 1:15 PM EDTThe ultimate guide to Canadian carrier unlocking fees Mar 3, 2017 12:23 PM EDTHow to use APN settings for Canadian carriers Rate Plans Business Apr 7, 2017 5:31 PM EDTCRTC reveals phase one of plan to transfer telephone subsidy to broadb... Apr 7, 2017 8:27 AM EDTJustin Trudeau selling Canada’s innovation agenda through Quora ... Apr 6, 2017 8:48 PM EDTSamsung’s Q1 2017 operating profit soars, posts highest results ... Apr 6, 2017 7:26 AM EDTOntario invests $700,000 to co-found Code for Canada, a digital initia... Apr 5, 2017 6:08 PM EDTRCMP reveals use of cellphone tracking IMSI catcher devices Apr 5, 2017 1:29 PM EDTCellphone spying devices found at Montreal’s Trudeau airport Apr 5, 2017 7:33 AM EDTInfiniti launches IoT and smart city accelerator program in Toronto Apr 4, 2017 2:40 PM EDTYelp acquires Toronto-based Turnstyle for $20 million Carriers Apr 7, 2017 5:31 PM EDTCRTC reveals phase one of plan to transfer telephone subsidy to broadb... Apr 1, 2017 9:28 AM EDTRogers registers ‘Your Tomorrow Inspires Our Today’ trademark Mar 23, 2017 9:26 AM EDTRogers wins ‘Product of the Year’ award for its Smart Home... Mar 20, 2017 10:42 PM EDTEx-Rogers CEO Guy Laurence earned $13,452,873 in ‘separation pay... Mar 17, 2017 1:26 PM EDTInteractive timeline of important dates that led to the Bell MTS deal Mar 6, 2017 12:08 PM EDTCompetition Bureau says consumers should negotiate for lower prices Feb 3, 2017 3:12 PM EDTThis is the last day to get Public Mobile’s late-2016 promo plan... Feb 2, 2017 8:31 AM EDTBell Q4 2016 Earnings: Subscriber base now at 8,468,872, $1.88b in rev... Security & Privacy Apr 5, 2017 6:08 PM EDTRCMP reveals use of cellphone tracking IMSI catcher devices Apr 5, 2017 1:29 PM EDTCellphone spying devices found at Montreal’s Trudeau airport Apr 3, 2017 9:02 AM EDTCanadian Privacy Commissioner voices concerns with connected and autom... Mar 28, 2017 12:19 PM EDTCanadian Government could gain wireless subscriber information if new ... Mar 27, 2017 11:58 AM EDTTurkish crime family group claims to have access to 250 million iCloud... Mar 22, 2017 7:32 AM EDTAlterna Bank and Lendful partner to create Canada’s first end-to... Mar 21, 2017 7:34 AM EDTToronto-based SecureKey partners with IBM on newly launched blockchain... Mar 14, 2017 9:30 PM EDTU.S. Department of Justice ready to arrest 4 people in Yahoo breach, i... Infrastructure Mar 23, 2017 10:05 AM EDTVolkswagen partners with Burnaby-based D-Wave to adopt quantum technology Mar 8, 2017 1:47 PM EDTWinkler, Manitoba could soon have some of the fastest internet in Canada Mar 2, 2017 8:44 AM EDTThe sharing economy is growing in popularity among Canadians, says fed... Feb 18, 2017 10:12 AM EDTThere is now free Wi-Fi at 54 TTC locations ahead of 2018 subway tunne... Jan 17, 2017 9:53 AM EDTCIRA accepting applications from web-based non-profits for funding grant Jan 13, 2017 7:36 AM EDTMiovision partners with U of T, launches lab to help cities make sense... Jan 10, 2017 3:27 PM EDTHTML500 aims to teach 2500 Canadians to code, expands to nine cities Jan 2, 2017 7:57 PM EDTRogers may be expanding ‘Rogers-EXT’ Cloud Mar 27, 2017 10:12 AM EDTBell and Microsoft announce deeper relationship with cloud services pa... Mar 9, 2017 2:43 PM EDTGoogle announces Montreal will be home to the first Canadian Google Cl... Mar 9, 2017 12:57 PM EDTGoogle announces new machine learning function called ‘Video Int... Feb 9, 2017 6:04 PM EDTSnap to buy $1 billion in cloud services from Amazon following rocky IPO Feb 9, 2017 8:42 AM EDTYork University launches two new data science certifications to fill e... Feb 8, 2017 5:17 PM EDTGoogle launches cloud search service for enterprise customers using G ... Feb 3, 2017 2:25 PM EDTSnap to invest $2 billion over five years into Google cloud infrastruc... Feb 2, 2017 2:21 PM EDTOntario investing $75 million over five years in big data initiatives Healthcare Mar 28, 2017 12:00 PM EDTThe Future of Mobile in Canada: Healthcare Feb 1, 2017 9:02 PM EDTHealth insurance startup League partners with GoodLife Fitness and Boo... Feb 1, 2017 7:32 AM EDTOver 70 percent of U.S. medical students use Toronto-based Figure 1 Oct 13, 2016 9:00 PM EDTReport shows most Canadian healthcare providers use electronic medical... Aug 6, 2016 10:42 AM EDTSun Life Financial launches new division to expand digital health cove... Jul 12, 2016 3:55 PM EDTMaRS and Sun Life Financial partner to expand health and fintech innov... Jul 12, 2016 12:07 PM EDTTelus report reveals that Canadians want to use tech to manage their h... Apr 11, 2016 9:59 AM EDTTelus investing $1 billion in Ontario to build out LTE networks, Healt... General Apr 7, 2017 8:27 AM EDTJustin Trudeau selling Canada’s innovation agenda through Quora ... Apr 6, 2017 8:48 PM EDTSamsung’s Q1 2017 operating profit soars, posts highest results ... Apr 6, 2017 7:26 AM EDTOntario invests $700,000 to co-found Code for Canada, a digital initia... Apr 5, 2017 7:33 AM EDTInfiniti launches IoT and smart city accelerator program in Toronto Apr 4, 2017 2:40 PM EDTYelp acquires Toronto-based Turnstyle for $20 million Apr 4, 2017 12:18 PM EDTBlackBerry’s financial troubles are behind the company, says RBC... Apr 3, 2017 8:12 AM EDTBlackBerry shuts down support forums and directs users to CrackBerry Mar 31, 2017 3:50 PM EDTBlackBerry seeking Enterprise of Things licensing partnerships, hints ... Syrup Community Apr 7, 2017 12:26 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 115: Feels so fly like a G6 Mar 31, 2017 1:52 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 114: Will the Galaxy S8 redeem Samsung? Mar 30, 2017 4:39 PM EDTContest: Win a Bell Samsung Galaxy S8 Mar 29, 2017 6:26 PM EDTPoll: Will you buy the Galaxy S8 or S8+? Mar 24, 2017 2:13 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 113: I believe Android O is the future! Mar 17, 2017 2:49 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 112: The Last Square Mar 15, 2017 4:00 PM EDT64 percent of MobileSyrup readers feel smartphones should be unlocked ... Mar 11, 2017 11:22 AM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 111: Google Assistant and chill SyrupCast Apr 7, 2017 12:26 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 115: Feels so fly like a G6 Mar 31, 2017 1:52 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 114: Will the Galaxy S8 redeem Samsung? Mar 24, 2017 2:13 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 113: I believe Android O is the future! Mar 17, 2017 2:49 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 112: The Last Square Mar 11, 2017 11:22 AM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 111: Google Assistant and chill Mar 3, 2017 2:26 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast 110: MWC power rankings and prison mixtapes Feb 24, 2017 5:58 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 109: Qualcomm vs. everybody and Mobile World Con... Feb 17, 2017 2:44 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 108: Wireless Code wizardry and Manitoba merger SyrupShop Nintendo Switch Zelda Breath of the Wild SanDisk Ultra 64GB microSDXC UHS-I Card with Adapter Motorola 'Moto G4 PLUS' (XT1641) AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable - 6 Feet SyrupForum Recent Topics Carriers Platforms Manufacturers General Discussions News PREVIOUS|NEXT Microsoft’s Surface Pro 5 to feature Intel’s Kaby Lake processor and similar design By Patrick O'Rourke Apr 7, 2017 10:35 AM EDT2017-04-07EDT10:35:23-04:002017-04-07EDT10:35:53-04:00 0 comments While we’ve heard some news regarding Microsoft’s still unannounced Surface Book 2, very little has leaked out about the inevitable Surface Pro 5. According to technology journalist Paul Thurott, the Surface Pro 5 will stick with the same proprietary Surface power connector but is also set to adopt Intel’s latest Kaby Lake processor architecture. Thurrott, however, claims there is “nothing dramatic” about the Pro 5, so those hoping for a full refresh, will likely be disappointed with Microsoft’s still unannounced successor to the Surface Pro 4. The word is still out on if Microsoft will adopt USB-C in its latest devices, following other PC manufacturers — especially in the 2-in-1 space — and Apple. Given the tech giant’s emphasis on backwards compatibility between Pro 3 and Pro 4 accessories, it’s possible Microsoft could opt to include both USB-C and USB-A ports in the Pro 5. Microsoft is reportedly set to hold a special Surface hardware event in the coming weeks, though ZDNet has already reported that we won’t get a glimpse of the Surface Book 2 at the keynote. Source: Paul Thurrott Facebook Twitter Google+ Linkedin Reddit Featured Articles CRTC reveals phase one of plan to transfer telephone subsidy to broadband funding Kik CEO says he wants to create a completely new payments experience in chat Electronic Arts pledges to invest $500 million in Montreal’s game industry over 10 years Poop Troop Emoji Keyboard provides you with a poop animation for every situation Graceful Explosion Machine is the first Canadian-developed Nintendo Switch game Sign-up for MobileSyrup news sent straight to your inbox Thank you for your subscription Related Articles News Mar 27, 2017 7:26 PM EDT Microsoft won’t reveal new Surface Book 2 at spring hardware event News Apr 4, 2017 12:02 PM EDT More Xbox One Project Scorpio details will hit later week News Apr 5, 2017 3:14 PM EDT Windows 10 Start Menu design concept show up on Twitter News Apr 6, 2017 11:10 AM EDT Microsoft reveals Project Scorpio’s final technical specs Comments Categories News Reviews Features Resources Business Syrup Community Contact us About Us / Tips Contests Social Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Google+ Reddit Newsletter Signup Thank you for your subscription © 2017 mobilesyrup.com Privacy. Terms of use. Menu News Apr 8, 2017 4:48 PM EDTSamsung’s Galaxy A5 vs the S7 and the S8 Apr 8, 2017 9:39 AM EDTThis could be the refurbished Galaxy Note 7 with a 3,200 mAh battery Apr 7, 2017 6:27 PM EDTOnePlus is still silent about the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X Nougat update Apr 7, 2017 5:31 PM EDTCRTC reveals phase one of plan to transfer telephone subsidy to broadb... Apr 7, 2017 2:58 PM EDTKik CEO says he wants to create a completely new payments experience i... Apr 7, 2017 2:07 PM EDTDoodling on screenshots might be possible in the future for all Androi... Apr 7, 2017 1:21 PM EDTUber releases new Canadian Community Guidelines and tips on how to get... Apr 7, 2017 12:20 PM EDTThe BlackBerry Priv is one of the most secure Android devices on the m... All News Carriers Apr 6, 2017 7:10 PM EDTChamberland Commission reveals extent of cellular data requests made t... Apr 6, 2017 4:34 PM EDTCanadian national public alerting system to soon notify smartphones of... Apr 6, 2017 12:43 PM EDTBell to drop promo data pricing in Quebec, 10GB data add-on will be $40 Apr 6, 2017 9:37 AM EDTWi-Fi calling coming to some Freedom Mobile customers ‘within we... Apr 6, 2017 9:16 AM EDTLG G6 can now be purchased for $839 no-term in Canada Apr 6, 2017 6:00 AM EDTCCTS reveals top wireless complaint by Canadians is carriers misleadin... Apr 5, 2017 3:51 PM EDTCanadian carriers should offer unlimited data: Toronto City Council to... Apr 5, 2017 12:25 PM EDTGoogle Pixel XL put on discontinued list at Rogers and Fido Manufacturers Apr 7, 2017 6:27 PM EDTOnePlus is still silent about the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X Nougat update Apr 7, 2017 12:20 PM EDTThe BlackBerry Priv is one of the most secure Android devices on the m... Apr 6, 2017 1:25 PM EDTHuawei wins $15 million CAD patent infringement lawsuit against Samsung Apr 3, 2017 7:34 PM EDTLG, Samsung, Foxconn and more sign on to Google’s new ‘pat... Apr 3, 2017 10:27 AM EDTSamsung Canada to open a 21,000 sq. ft. retail store in downtown Toronto Mar 31, 2017 2:56 PM EDTSamsung says S8’s Google Assistant inclusion is ‘all about... Mar 29, 2017 12:08 PM EDTSamsung Connect Home is a mesh Wi-Fi router that works with Smart Thin... Mar 27, 2017 7:01 PM EDTApple publishes 11th annual Supplier Responsibility Report Phones Apr 8, 2017 9:39 AM EDTThis could be the refurbished Galaxy Note 7 with a 3,200 mAh battery Apr 7, 2017 11:13 AM EDTPoop Troop Emoji Keyboard provides you with a poop animation for every... Apr 7, 2017 8:56 AM EDTGoogle says 5% of Android devices are now running Nougat 7.0 and 7.1 Apr 6, 2017 5:58 PM EDTFirmware development has started for the Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Apr 6, 2017 3:16 PM EDTSupport for self-dismissing notifications announced for Android O Apr 6, 2017 12:36 PM EDTSamsung increases Galaxy S8+ production following positive reaction to... Apr 5, 2017 5:52 PM EDTMoto Z2 logo tweeted by prolific leaker Evan Blass Apr 5, 2017 11:56 AM EDTGoogle Pixel XL 2 rumoured codename Muskie sighted in Android Open Sou... Tablets Apr 4, 2017 1:54 PM EDTSamsung’s Tizen operating system is reportedly a hacker’s ... Apr 4, 2017 10:03 AM EDTAlcatel Pop 7 LTE tablet now available at Fido and Rogers Mar 31, 2017 1:27 PM EDTYou can now download Google Calendar on the iPad Mar 27, 2017 7:26 PM EDTMicrosoft won’t reveal new Surface Book 2 at spring hardware event Mar 24, 2017 2:57 PM EDTIn pictures: Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Mar 24, 2017 11:38 AM EDTThe Nougat-powered Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 is now available in Canada fo... Mar 21, 2017 8:59 AM EDTApple announces updated 9.7-inch iPad, starts at $449 CAD [Update: now... Mar 19, 2017 8:53 PM EDTNintendo to double Switch production following the console early retai... Wearables Apr 7, 2017 11:36 AM EDTSamsung Gear S3 ‘Value Pack Update’ adds new features to t... Apr 5, 2017 7:06 PM EDTNew Pebble update ensures smartwatches will keep working when the serv... Apr 4, 2017 1:54 PM EDTSamsung’s Tizen operating system is reportedly a hacker’s ... Apr 4, 2017 7:27 AM EDTW|W: The Wearable Weekly – Palmer Luckey leaves Facebook Apr 3, 2017 3:38 PM EDTHTC marks the Vive’s first birthday with $100 off deal and a fre... Apr 3, 2017 1:25 PM EDTSamsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ do not support Google’s Daydream VR pl... Mar 31, 2017 1:14 PM EDTAndroid Wear 2.0 delayed yet again due to bug Mar 30, 2017 4:47 PM EDTOculus co-founder and Rift Creator Palmer Luckey leaves Facebook Virtual Reality Apr 5, 2017 8:28 AM EDTHTC launches Viveport monthly VR app subscription service Apr 3, 2017 4:39 PM EDTLowe’s Canada launches VR experience to teach skills for DIY hom... Apr 3, 2017 2:29 PM EDTHouse of VR is futuristic, art-focused and hopes to lead the charge in... Mar 1, 2017 8:41 AM EDTWaterloo-based VR arcade planning expansion across Canada Feb 28, 2017 4:13 PM EDTGoogle marks Mobile World Congress with several announcements about AR... Feb 28, 2017 10:49 AM EDTIkea invites Canadians to flip pancakes in a virtual reality kitchen Feb 21, 2017 10:30 AM EDTMicrosoft HoloLens AR headset successor reportedly coming in 2019 Feb 11, 2017 10:22 AM EDTNew Sony Playstation VR patent outlines HTC Vive-like tech Apps/Games Apr 7, 2017 2:58 PM EDTKik CEO says he wants to create a completely new payments experience i... Apr 7, 2017 2:07 PM EDTDoodling on screenshots might be possible in the future for all Androi... Apr 7, 2017 1:21 PM EDTUber releases new Canadian Community Guidelines and tips on how to get... Apr 7, 2017 11:23 AM EDTGraceful Explosion Machine is the first Canadian-developed Nintendo Sw... Apr 7, 2017 10:09 AM EDTGoogle rolls out Search and News fact checking cards globally Apr 6, 2017 4:17 PM EDTIntroducing the Mobile UX Awards: Celebrating the best in mobile exper... Apr 6, 2017 4:15 PM EDTYouTube restricts partner ad program to users that reach 10,000 lifeti... Apr 6, 2017 3:00 PM EDTFacebook Messenger AI ‘M’ will eventually roll out to othe... Automotive Apr 7, 2017 7:27 AM EDTUniversity of Toronto and Waterloo finalists to compete in AutoDrive C... Apr 5, 2017 1:34 PM EDTRawdon, Quebec sells more electric cars than anywhere in Canada Apr 4, 2017 7:03 PM EDTTesla is now the most valuable U.S. automaker, beating out GM and Ford Mar 31, 2017 7:32 AM EDTNissan to launch program to support Quebec’s electric car pilot ... Mar 30, 2017 10:10 AM EDTFord opens Canadian Ottawa Research and Engineering Centre, hires 400 ... Mar 29, 2017 9:18 AM EDTTransport Canada grants Drone Delivery Canada flight certificate to te... Mar 24, 2017 7:13 AM EDTToronto Transit Commission report explores the introduction of driverl... Mar 23, 2017 12:22 PM EDTMicrosoft announces connected car patent licensing deal with Toyota Accessories Apr 5, 2017 6:24 PM EDTApple could be working on a MagSafe-to-USB-C adapter Apr 5, 2017 2:50 PM EDTBelkin releases new USB-C DuraTek Kevlar Fiber Cable and other USB-C a... Apr 5, 2017 9:29 AM EDTAukey’s 30,000mAh battery pack is the perfect Nintendo Switch tr... Apr 4, 2017 4:29 PM EDTMonitor your furry friend’s comings and goings with the Microchi... Mar 31, 2017 9:07 AM EDTMotorola teases RAZR Moto Mod Mar 30, 2017 12:02 PM EDTAmazon Canada deals include heavily discounted Gear S2, Sennheiser hea... Mar 29, 2017 3:05 PM EDTHere are the Samsung Galaxy S8 cases you can buy right now Mar 29, 2017 11:02 AM EDTSamsung announces new Gear 360 camera with 4K video livestream support Reviews Apr 4, 2017 1:03 PM EDTiPad (2017) review: Perfect for first-time tablet buyers Apr 4, 2017 6:53 AM EDTSonos Playbase Review: The opposite of ‘flat’ audio Apr 3, 2017 4:19 PM EDTHere’s everything hitting CraveTV in April Mar 31, 2017 7:44 PM EDTAmerican Gods and American Playboy are coming to Amazon Prime Video th... Mar 31, 2017 3:36 PM EDTAlcatel Idol 4S Review: The best Windows Mobile phone for the average ... Mar 29, 2017 8:06 PM EDTSamsung Gear VR with controller Hands-on: Staying the course Mar 29, 2017 5:35 PM EDTSamsung’s new Gear 360 Hands-on: 4K future Mar 29, 2017 11:00 AM EDTSamsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Hands-on: The death of the bezel All Reviews Phones Mar 31, 2017 7:44 PM EDTAmerican Gods and American Playboy are coming to Amazon Prime Video th... Mar 31, 2017 3:36 PM EDTAlcatel Idol 4S Review: The best Windows Mobile phone for the average ... Mar 29, 2017 11:00 AM EDTSamsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Hands-on: The death of the bezel Mar 24, 2017 3:05 PM EDT(Product)Red iPhone 7 hands-on video and gallery Feb 27, 2017 11:41 PM EDTLG G6 Hands-on: An imperfect step up Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM EDTSony Xperia XZ Premium Hands-on: Smart camera package, shiny look Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM EDTSony Xperia XA1 and Xperia XA1 Ultra Hands-on: A look at Sony’s ... Feb 11, 2017 3:49 PM EDTHP Elite X3 Review: A super phablet that’s stuck with a faltering OS Tablets Apr 4, 2017 1:03 PM EDTiPad (2017) review: Perfect for first-time tablet buyers Nov 10, 2016 9:00 AM EDTSurface Book i7 Review: One for the pros Aug 9, 2016 3:32 PM EDTAcer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternat... May 25, 2016 5:30 PM EDTSamsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in... May 4, 2016 2:10 PM EDTKindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a hig... Mar 21, 2016 5:20 PM EDT9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build Feb 8, 2016 12:31 PM EDTAre big tablets the future of small TVs? Samsung thinks so Dec 8, 2015 1:00 PM EDTGoogle Pixel C tablet lightning review Wearables Mar 29, 2017 8:06 PM EDTSamsung Gear VR with controller Hands-on: Staying the course Feb 3, 2017 4:27 PM EDTAsus ZenWatch 3 Review: Finally, another great Android Wear device Jan 31, 2017 7:31 AM EDTW|W: The Wearable Weekly — Google is just happy to be nominated Jan 11, 2017 2:39 PM EDTLowdown Focus Hands-on: Toronto’s Interaxon and Safilo join forces Nov 13, 2016 2:12 PM EDTFitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie Oct 12, 2016 12:53 PM EDTCharge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best f... Aug 2, 2016 1:00 PM EDTSamsung Gear VR Hands-on: A minor facelift Jul 5, 2016 12:26 PM EDTSamsung Gear Fit 2 review: Surprisingly feature-rich at $250 Accessories Apr 4, 2017 6:53 AM EDTSonos Playbase Review: The opposite of ‘flat’ audio Mar 29, 2017 5:35 PM EDTSamsung’s new Gear 360 Hands-on: 4K future Mar 28, 2017 5:48 PM EDTTranscend DrivePro 520 review: Dash cam with a mobile twist Mar 27, 2017 6:07 PM EDTPhilips Sonicare FlexCare Platinum Connected review: A smarter toothbrush Mar 7, 2017 12:01 AM EDTSonos Playbase hands-on: Boosting audio for your TV Mar 4, 2017 12:26 PM EDTBragi Dash review: too much, too fast Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM EDTXperia Touch Hands-on: Sony’s Android-based projector Jan 5, 2017 10:18 AM EDTLinksys Velop router hands-on: Mesh Wi-Fi of the future Automotive Feb 20, 2017 2:00 PM EDTCarr-E Hands-on: A look at Ford’s ‘last mile’ gizmo Jan 25, 2017 10:52 AM EDTChevrolet Bolt EV Hands-on: Charging forward Jan 3, 2017 6:44 PM EDTIn-car video streaming options are poised to grow Dec 28, 2016 3:04 PM EDT2017 Lexus RX infotainment Review: Staying the course Nov 26, 2016 12:06 PM EDT2017 Cadillac CT6 Sedan Hands-on: Checking out Cadillac’s new connec... Nov 8, 2016 10:38 AM EDTAndroid Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap Jul 16, 2016 11:48 AM EDT2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over Dec 31, 2015 10:02 AM EDTAndroid Auto review Games Mar 1, 2017 9:00 AM EDTNintendo Switch Review: Forward looking, but not ready today Jan 28, 2017 12:26 AM EDTNintendo Switch Hands-on: Compelling concept with few games to back it up Jan 7, 2017 1:22 PM EDTRun (or speed-walk) for your life with Zombies, Run! [Game of the Week] Jan 1, 2017 5:27 PM EDTBring in the New Year with Table Tennis [Game of the Week] Dec 24, 2016 9:29 AM EDTRollerCoaster Tycoon Classic faithfully recreates the classic PC game ... Dec 19, 2016 4:24 PM EDTSuper Mario Run Review: Nintendo nails its mobile landing Dec 17, 2016 10:33 AM EDTNintendo finally takes mobile seriously with Super Mario Run [Game of ... Dec 11, 2016 5:55 PM EDTRetro Winter Sports 1986 is a Commodore 64 throwback [Game of the Week] Apps Apr 3, 2017 4:19 PM EDTHere’s everything hitting CraveTV in April Oct 20, 2016 1:02 PM EDTAeronaut is the prettiest memory game you ever did see [Game of the Week] Oct 4, 2016 9:02 AM EDTHands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle Oct 3, 2016 9:03 AM EDTFacebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android a... Sep 11, 2016 10:00 AM EDTScience News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of s... Sep 3, 2016 10:26 AM EDTManage your smartphone addiction with Forest [App of the Week] Aug 21, 2016 2:36 PM EDTSquare Enix Montreal does it again with Deus Ex Go [Game of the Week] Aug 7, 2016 12:44 PM EDTDots & Co lets you connect the dots [Game of the week] Virtual Reality Jan 8, 2017 2:00 PM EDTIntel’s Project Alloy Hands-on: Shooting drones in merged reality Jan 4, 2017 10:32 AM EDTA look at Lenovo’s VR headset and Windows Holographic VR Dec 5, 2016 10:00 AM EDTOculus Rift with Touch Review: The Vive meets its match Nov 10, 2016 9:00 AM EDTGoogle Daydream View Review: Beyond Cardboard Oct 5, 2016 8:04 AM EDTPlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream Sep 1, 2016 5:42 PM EDTPlayStation VR is high-end virtual reality’s best chance at main... Carriers Nov 25, 2016 9:31 AM EDT2016 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: The future creates difficultie... Features Apr 8, 2017 7:51 PM EDTZedge is the one-stop app for Android customization [App of the week] Apr 8, 2017 4:48 PM EDTSamsung’s Galaxy A5 vs the S7 and the S8 Apr 8, 2017 1:20 PM EDTShift your perspective with Ellie & Max [Game of the Week] Apr 6, 2017 2:00 PM EDTFreedom Mobile expands its LTE network, adds new LTE roaming partner Apr 6, 2017 11:00 AM EDTApple’s new app Clips is the perfect mobile video editing companion Apr 2, 2017 6:33 PM EDTKill zombies in ‘Death Road To Canada’ [Game of the Week] Apr 2, 2017 2:09 PM EDTAdopt a veggie baby with Hendrick’s Cucumber Adoption Service [B... Apr 1, 2017 5:48 PM EDTFind fun things to do in your city with DoStuff [App of the week] All Features Carriers Feb 14, 2017 1:59 PM EDTDevice unlocking takes centre stage at CRTC Wireless Code review Jan 26, 2017 6:00 AM EDTTelus leads Rogers and Bell in network speeds, according to OpenSignal Jan 18, 2017 10:55 AM EDTHow fast is Freedom Mobile’s LTE network in Toronto? Jan 16, 2017 12:52 PM EDTBlackBerry discusses the future of BB10 Jan 14, 2017 1:40 PM EDT7 wearable trends at CES 2017 Jan 11, 2017 8:30 AM EDT10 AR and VR trends at CES 2017 Jan 10, 2017 7:37 AM EDTHonda and Visa aim to soon let you pay for things from inside your car Jan 9, 2017 1:51 PM EDTQi sees ‘the finish line’ in wireless charging arms race Editorials Mar 15, 2017 12:58 PM EDTSamsung’s Galaxy A5 is a toned-down S7 for about $300 less Feb 14, 2017 1:28 PM EDTGoogle Pixel revisited: Does it live up to the hype? Feb 1, 2017 12:02 PM EDTThe Switch should be competing with the iPad, not the Xbox One or PS4 Jan 14, 2017 6:03 PM EDT3 takeaways from Nintendo’s Switch keynote presentation Dec 29, 2016 12:54 PM EDTEvery Android owner should check out the OnePlus Bullets V2 headphones Dec 10, 2016 1:02 PM EDTWhy I switched from a DSLR to Panasonic’s G85 mirrorless micro f... Nov 30, 2016 11:00 AM EDTCan Apple’s iPad Pro actually replace a laptop? Nov 19, 2016 11:00 AM EDTWhy I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement App/Game of the Week Apr 8, 2017 7:51 PM EDTZedge is the one-stop app for Android customization [App of the week] Apr 8, 2017 1:20 PM EDTShift your perspective with Ellie & Max [Game of the Week] Apr 2, 2017 6:33 PM EDTKill zombies in ‘Death Road To Canada’ [Game of the Week] Apr 2, 2017 2:09 PM EDTAdopt a veggie baby with Hendrick’s Cucumber Adoption Service [B... Apr 1, 2017 5:48 PM EDTFind fun things to do in your city with DoStuff [App of the week] Mar 26, 2017 2:56 PM EDTBuilt for Speed is the cutest little retro racing game you’ll ev... Mar 25, 2017 7:22 AM EDTEarn rewards by making healthy choices with Carrot Rewards [App of the... Mar 18, 2017 6:03 PM EDTStraight lines are so yesterday with Squigglish [App of the week] Buyers' Guide Nov 1, 2016 4:34 PM EDTAmazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items Jun 17, 2016 11:23 AM EDTFather’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad Jun 15, 2016 3:09 PM EDTFather’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad Jun 14, 2016 11:44 AM EDTFather’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad Dec 2, 2015 4:45 PM EDTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Wearables Dec 1, 2015 5:20 PM EDTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Tablets Nov 30, 2015 6:15 PM EDTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Smartphones Aug 19, 2015 4:29 PM EDTThe Best Wearables for Back To School General Apr 8, 2017 4:48 PM EDTSamsung’s Galaxy A5 vs the S7 and the S8 Apr 6, 2017 2:00 PM EDTFreedom Mobile expands its LTE network, adds new LTE roaming partner Apr 6, 2017 11:00 AM EDTApple’s new app Clips is the perfect mobile video editing companion Mar 31, 2017 12:31 PM EDTHere are 8 of the Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+’s best features Mar 29, 2017 11:00 AM EDTSamsung goes all in on curved screens with new Galaxy S8 and S8+ models Mar 9, 2017 4:00 PM EDTHow three Canadian cities are trying to become smart cities Mar 7, 2017 11:36 AM EDTBlackBerry wants its BlackBerry Secure badge to instill security confi... Mar 4, 2017 4:33 PM EDTThe Last Guardian – A Boy and his Bird-Dog [This Week in Gaming] Resources Apr 8, 2017 9:21 AM EDTHow to use 3D Touch to become an iPhone efficiency wizard Apr 5, 2017 2:09 PM EDTHere are the best and most affordable microSD cards for the Nintendo S... Apr 1, 2017 1:33 PM EDTHow to get your iPhone to help first responders in an emergency with M... Mar 31, 2017 2:51 PM EDTHow to backup and restore your iOS device using iTunes and iCloud Mar 22, 2017 3:31 PM EDTHow to install the Android O Developer Preview on compatible Nexus and... Mar 19, 2017 2:04 PM EDTHow-to enable night shift mode on your iPhone Mar 10, 2017 1:15 PM EDTThe ultimate guide to Canadian carrier unlocking fees Mar 3, 2017 12:23 PM EDTHow to use APN settings for Canadian carriers All Resources How-to's Apr 8, 2017 9:21 AM EDTHow to use 3D Touch to become an iPhone efficiency wizard Apr 5, 2017 2:09 PM EDTHere are the best and most affordable microSD cards for the Nintendo S... Apr 1, 2017 1:33 PM EDTHow to get your iPhone to help first responders in an emergency with M... Mar 31, 2017 2:51 PM EDTHow to backup and restore your iOS device using iTunes and iCloud Mar 22, 2017 3:31 PM EDTHow to install the Android O Developer Preview on compatible Nexus and... Mar 19, 2017 2:04 PM EDTHow-to enable night shift mode on your iPhone Mar 10, 2017 1:15 PM EDTThe ultimate guide to Canadian carrier unlocking fees Mar 3, 2017 12:23 PM EDTHow to use APN settings for Canadian carriers Rate Plans Business Apr 7, 2017 5:31 PM EDTCRTC reveals phase one of plan to transfer telephone subsidy to broadb... Apr 7, 2017 8:27 AM EDTJustin Trudeau selling Canada’s innovation agenda through Quora ... Apr 6, 2017 8:48 PM EDTSamsung’s Q1 2017 operating profit soars, posts highest results ... Apr 6, 2017 7:26 AM EDTOntario invests $700,000 to co-found Code for Canada, a digital initia... Apr 5, 2017 6:08 PM EDTRCMP reveals use of cellphone tracking IMSI catcher devices Apr 5, 2017 1:29 PM EDTCellphone spying devices found at Montreal’s Trudeau airport Apr 5, 2017 7:33 AM EDTInfiniti launches IoT and smart city accelerator program in Toronto Apr 4, 2017 2:40 PM EDTYelp acquires Toronto-based Turnstyle for $20 million All Business Carriers Apr 7, 2017 5:31 PM EDTCRTC reveals phase one of plan to transfer telephone subsidy to broadb... Apr 1, 2017 9:28 AM EDTRogers registers ‘Your Tomorrow Inspires Our Today’ trademark Mar 23, 2017 9:26 AM EDTRogers wins ‘Product of the Year’ award for its Smart Home... Mar 20, 2017 10:42 PM EDTEx-Rogers CEO Guy Laurence earned $13,452,873 in ‘separation pay... Mar 17, 2017 1:26 PM EDTInteractive timeline of important dates that led to the Bell MTS deal Mar 6, 2017 12:08 PM EDTCompetition Bureau says consumers should negotiate for lower prices Feb 3, 2017 3:12 PM EDTThis is the last day to get Public Mobile’s late-2016 promo plan... Feb 2, 2017 8:31 AM EDTBell Q4 2016 Earnings: Subscriber base now at 8,468,872, $1.88b in rev... Security & Privacy Apr 5, 2017 6:08 PM EDTRCMP reveals use of cellphone tracking IMSI catcher devices Apr 5, 2017 1:29 PM EDTCellphone spying devices found at Montreal’s Trudeau airport Apr 3, 2017 9:02 AM EDTCanadian Privacy Commissioner voices concerns with connected and autom... Mar 28, 2017 12:19 PM EDTCanadian Government could gain wireless subscriber information if new ... Mar 27, 2017 11:58 AM EDTTurkish crime family group claims to have access to 250 million iCloud... Mar 22, 2017 7:32 AM EDTAlterna Bank and Lendful partner to create Canada’s first end-to... Mar 21, 2017 7:34 AM EDTToronto-based SecureKey partners with IBM on newly launched blockchain... Mar 14, 2017 9:30 PM EDTU.S. Department of Justice ready to arrest 4 people in Yahoo breach, i... Infrastructure Mar 23, 2017 10:05 AM EDTVolkswagen partners with Burnaby-based D-Wave to adopt quantum technology Mar 8, 2017 1:47 PM EDTWinkler, Manitoba could soon have some of the fastest internet in Canada Mar 2, 2017 8:44 AM EDTThe sharing economy is growing in popularity among Canadians, says fed... Feb 18, 2017 10:12 AM EDTThere is now free Wi-Fi at 54 TTC locations ahead of 2018 subway tunne... Jan 17, 2017 9:53 AM EDTCIRA accepting applications from web-based non-profits for funding grant Jan 13, 2017 7:36 AM EDTMiovision partners with U of T, launches lab to help cities make sense... Jan 10, 2017 3:27 PM EDTHTML500 aims to teach 2500 Canadians to code, expands to nine cities Jan 2, 2017 7:57 PM EDTRogers may be expanding ‘Rogers-EXT’ Cloud Mar 27, 2017 10:12 AM EDTBell and Microsoft announce deeper relationship with cloud services pa... Mar 9, 2017 2:43 PM EDTGoogle announces Montreal will be home to the first Canadian Google Cl... Mar 9, 2017 12:57 PM EDTGoogle announces new machine learning function called ‘Video Int... Feb 9, 2017 6:04 PM EDTSnap to buy $1 billion in cloud services from Amazon following rocky IPO Feb 9, 2017 8:42 AM EDTYork University launches two new data science certifications to fill e... Feb 8, 2017 5:17 PM EDTGoogle launches cloud search service for enterprise customers using G ... Feb 3, 2017 2:25 PM EDTSnap to invest $2 billion over five years into Google cloud infrastruc... Feb 2, 2017 2:21 PM EDTOntario investing $75 million over five years in big data initiatives Healthcare Mar 28, 2017 12:00 PM EDTThe Future of Mobile in Canada: Healthcare Feb 1, 2017 9:02 PM EDTHealth insurance startup League partners with GoodLife Fitness and Boo... Feb 1, 2017 7:32 AM EDTOver 70 percent of U.S. medical students use Toronto-based Figure 1 Oct 13, 2016 9:00 PM EDTReport shows most Canadian healthcare providers use electronic medical... Aug 6, 2016 10:42 AM EDTSun Life Financial launches new division to expand digital health cove... Jul 12, 2016 3:55 PM EDTMaRS and Sun Life Financial partner to expand health and fintech innov... Jul 12, 2016 12:07 PM EDTTelus report reveals that Canadians want to use tech to manage their h... Apr 11, 2016 9:59 AM EDTTelus investing $1 billion in Ontario to build out LTE networks, Healt... General Apr 7, 2017 8:27 AM EDTJustin Trudeau selling Canada’s innovation agenda through Quora ... Apr 6, 2017 8:48 PM EDTSamsung’s Q1 2017 operating profit soars, posts highest results ... Apr 6, 2017 7:26 AM EDTOntario invests $700,000 to co-found Code for Canada, a digital initia... Apr 5, 2017 7:33 AM EDTInfiniti launches IoT and smart city accelerator program in Toronto Apr 4, 2017 2:40 PM EDTYelp acquires Toronto-based Turnstyle for $20 million Apr 4, 2017 12:18 PM EDTBlackBerry’s financial troubles are behind the company, says RBC... Apr 3, 2017 8:12 AM EDTBlackBerry shuts down support forums and directs users to CrackBerry Mar 31, 2017 3:50 PM EDTBlackBerry seeking Enterprise of Things licensing partnerships, hints ... Syrup Community Apr 7, 2017 12:26 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 115: Feels so fly like a G6 Mar 31, 2017 1:52 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 114: Will the Galaxy S8 redeem Samsung? Mar 30, 2017 4:39 PM EDTContest: Win a Bell Samsung Galaxy S8 Mar 29, 2017 6:26 PM EDTPoll: Will you buy the Galaxy S8 or S8+? Mar 24, 2017 2:13 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 113: I believe Android O is the future! Mar 17, 2017 2:49 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 112: The Last Square Mar 15, 2017 4:00 PM EDT64 percent of MobileSyrup readers feel smartphones should be unlocked ... Mar 11, 2017 11:22 AM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 111: Google Assistant and chill All Syrup Community SyrupCast Apr 7, 2017 12:26 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 115: Feels so fly like a G6 Mar 31, 2017 1:52 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 114: Will the Galaxy S8 redeem Samsung? Mar 24, 2017 2:13 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 113: I believe Android O is the future! Mar 17, 2017 2:49 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 112: The Last Square Mar 11, 2017 11:22 AM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 111: Google Assistant and chill Mar 3, 2017 2:26 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast 110: MWC power rankings and prison mixtapes Feb 24, 2017 5:58 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 109: Qualcomm vs. everybody and Mobile World Con... Feb 17, 2017 2:44 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 108: Wireless Code wizardry and Manitoba merger SyrupShop Nintendo Switch Zelda Breath of the Wild SanDisk Ultra 64GB microSDXC UHS-I Card with Adapter Motorola 'Moto G4 PLUS' (XT1641) AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable - 6 Feet SyrupForum Recent Topics Carriers Platforms Manufacturers General Discussions Contact Us Contests
  Guru3D.com Forums > General Chat > Frontpage news QNAP Releases TVS-1282T3 Thunderbolt 3 NAS User Name Remember Me? Password Frontpage news Perhaps you have some news to report or want to check out the latest Guru3D headlines and comment ? Check it in here. Search Forums Show Threads   Show Posts Advanced Search Tag Search Go to Page...   Thread Tools Display Modes QNAP Releases TVS-1282T3 Thunderbolt 3 NAS   (#1) Hilbert Hagedoorn Don Vito Corleone     Videocard: AMD | NVIDIA Processor: Core i7 5960K Mainboard: X99 Memory: 16GB Soundcard: X-Fi - GigaWorks 7.1 PSU: 1200 Watt QNAP Releases TVS-1282T3 Thunderbolt 3 NAS - 04-07-2017, 07:50 | posts: 28,149 | Location: Guru3D testlab QNAP Â*nnounced the new Â*Thunderbolt 3 NAS - TVS-1282T3 that features 7th Generation Intel 14nm multi-core processors, four Thunderbolt 3 ports, HDMI output, and higher transfer speeds than its previ... QNAP Releases TVS-1282T3 Thunderbolt 3 NAS     Hilbert Hagedoorn View Public Profile Find all posts by Hilbert Hagedoorn     (#2) floppyedonkey Newbie     Videocard: MSI GTX 980Ti GAMING 6G Processor: i7-4930K Mainboard: Asus X79-Deluxe Memory: Corsair DDR3 32GB 2400Mhz Soundcard: SkullCandy PLYR 1 PSU: Corsair AX860i 04-07-2017, 22:19 | posts: 18 | Location: USA This looks nice, QNAP does make the best NAS devices on earth.     floppyedonkey View Public Profile Find all posts by floppyedonkey « Previous Thread | Next Thread » Thread Tools Show Printable Version Display Modes Linear Mode Switch to Hybrid Mode Switch to Threaded Mode Posting Rules You may not post new threads You may not post replies You may not post attachments You may not edit your posts BB code is On Smilies are On [IMG] code is On HTML code is Off Forum Rules Forum Jump User Control Panel Private Messages Subscriptions Who's Online Search Forums Forums Home General Chat     The Guru's Pub     Folding@Home - Join Team Guru3D !     Frontpage news     Digital Photography, Home and Portable Electronics     Tablets and Smart Phones     The HTPC, HDTV & Ultra High Definition section Videocards     Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce     Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce Drivers Section     Videocards - AMD Radeon     Videocards - AMD Radeon Catalyst Drivers Section     Videocards - 3dfx     Videocards vs General Purpose - NVIDIA Ageia PhysX, GPGPU etc.     3D Stereo Gaming Section     Benchmark Mayhem Hardware     General Hardware     Die-hard Overclocking & Case Modifications      Computer Monitor Forum     Soundcards, Speakers HiFI & File formats     SSD and HDD storage     Processors and motherboards AMD     Processors and motherboards Intel     Network questions and troubleshooting     Laptops & Notebooks Affiliates     Rivatuner Generic Discussion forum         RivaTuner Advanced Discussion forum     MSI AfterBurner Overclock Application Discussion forum     MSI AfterBurner Private Beta access     Guru of 3D Clan General     Games, Gaming & Game-demos     Game Tweaks and Modifications     Consoles & console games     Operating Systems     General Software and Applications     Hardware Reviews and News     Programming/Html     Links Powered by vBulletin® Copyright ©2000 - 2017, Jelsoft Enterprises Ltd. vBulletin Skin developed by: vBStyles.com Copyright (c) 1995-2014, All Rights Reserved. The Guru of 3D, the Hardware Guru, and 3D Guru are trademarks owned by Hilbert Hagedoorn. -- Aria -- Dark -- Fast Contact Us - The Guru of 3D - Archive - Privacy Statement - Top
Investing Trading Credit Markets Options Technology Energy LoginMy Member Benefitsarchivesresearchyour teamabout usFAQLog out Share This Article Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Reddit Print Email Pinterest Delicious StumbleUpon Gmail Yahoo Tumblr Digg Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor We're Making the Investment Case for Four "You Ain't Seen Nothing Yet" Stocks As a Private Briefing subscriber, you don’t just get our daily analyses and recommendations… You don’t just get our “Weekenders”… Full Story This is premium content for paid-up Private Briefing subscribers only. How would you like to put an extra $125,000 in your nest egg? You can potentially do it this year - and you'll only have to risk $20 to learn how. Click here. Our FlagshipMoney Morning Michael A. Robinson'sStrategic Tech Investor Shah Gilani'sWall Street Insights & Indictments YourProfit Alerts Keith Fitz-Gerald'sTotal Wealth Dr. Kent Moors'Oil & Energy Investor Tom Gentile'sPower Profit Trades Michael Lewitt's Sure Money D.R. Barton's10 Minute Millionaire Research ServicesMoney Map Press Archives Research Your Team About Us FAQ Videos Login to My Account Visit Money Map Press Forget your password? Not a member? Investing Trading Credit Markets Options Technology Energy HOME Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: The Best Stocks to Buy Now (April 2017) Message: URL: https://mney.co/2nScsTh nine  +   =  eighteen Required Please enter the correct value. Share Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: The Best Stocks to Buy Now (April 2017) Message: URL: https://mney.co/2nScsTh nine  −  three  =  Required Please enter the correct value. get daily headlines subscribe now! today's private briefing Twitter Follow topicFollow Best Investments Alertsone response Stocks The Best Stocks to Buy Now (April 2017) By Rebecca Kerins, Associate Editor, Money Morning • April 7, 2017 View Comments Start the conversation Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website  −  five  =  one Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Our running list of the best stocks to buy now just got five new additions. Our round-up is heavy on tech this month – because that's where the money is right now. The Nasdaq is up 9.22% in 2017. That's more than double the 4.57% return of the Dow Jones in the same time period. It's logged 21 record closes this year and hit another intraday high on April 5. FANG stocks like Amazon.com Inc. (Nasdaq: AMZN) and Alphabet Inc. (Nasdaq: GOOGL) may grab a lot of attention. After all, they've played a big role in the Nasdaq's outperformance this year. But the picks on our list of the best stocks to buy now offer a chance to get in before the crowd – and for a lot less money. Our top stocks to buy include the best profit play in the autonomous vehicles space… a way to cash in on cloud computing, social media, and video streaming all at once… a small-cap digital advertiser taking on the bigger players… and more. For tech profit opportunities you won't find anywhere else, read on. We add to our stocks to buy list often, so drop by Money Morning again soon. Best Stocks to Buy Now No. 1: Grab a 30% Gain as Silicon Valley Takes Over Detroit We're getting closer to fully autonomous vehicles, and advanced driver assistance systems (ADAS) are the building blocks that will get us there. Features designed to reduce driver error like lane-departure warning systems, drowsiness alerts, and automatic emergency braking are being offered in more new vehicles. And there's a lot of money at stake here: The driverless vehicle market could reach $42 billion by 2025. Money Morning Director of Tech & Venture Capital Research Michael Robinson has been writing about the "connected car" trend for years. He's helped investors make a bundle along the way, too. In April 2015, he told readers to grab shares of Mobileye NV (Nasdaq: MBLY), a maker of sensors and cameras for driverless vehicles. On March 13, 2017, Intel Corp. (Nasdaq: INTC) ponied up $15.3 billion to buy the Israeli company. Investors who acted on Robinson's call are now sitting on 45% gains. That wasn't his only winner in this space, either. His December 2015 pick, Harman International Industries Inc., was a pioneer in auto tech innovation. It delivered shareholders a 28% single-day gain when its acquisition by Samsung Electronics was announced on Nov. 14, 2016. Now Robinson is back with another pick. He says it's the best place to put your money in the connected and driverless vehicles space right now. This company makes hundreds of the components that form the backbone of the ADAS tech featured in so many new cars and trucks. Special Report: Cannabis Is the Gold Rush of the 21st Century – 30 Stocks to Invest in Now. Read more… As a key tech supplier to the industry, it counts just about every automaker as a customer. To keep its competitive edge, it just shifted a quarter of its R&D staff to focus exclusively on ADAS. In its last earnings call, the company blew past forecasts for fourth-quarter profits by almost 15%. Year-over-year revenue increased 11% to $4.3 billion. Robinson says this company is a great investment regardless of whether it becomes an acquisitions target (which is quite possible). He projects a 30% gain in its stock over the next 24 to 28 months, absent a buyout offer. A deal would just be icing on an already profitable cake. Learn more about this top tech stock to buy – and get the ticker – right here… Best Stocks to Buy Now No. 2: Surging Global Data Traffic Makes These Shares a No-Brainer Robinson also uncovered a unique way to profit on video streaming, social media, and cloud computing all at once. Worldwide, we watch a lot of video. YouTube users collectively log a billion hours each day. Netflix viewers watched 116 million hours of content a day in 2016. Facebook? 110 million hours a day spent viewing videos. That takes up a lot of bandwidth. And that's where data centers come in. All that video has to run through them to be processed. Data centers also provide businesses with cloud solution services. Global data center traffic is set to grow 33% annually through 2019. And the market for "multi-tenant" data centers worldwide is increasing at a compound annual growth rate of 12%. The company Robinson recommends operates 145 data centers in 30 metro areas. More than 2,000 corporate clients link into those facilities. Half of sales come from social media titans like Facebook and LinkedIn. Facebook boasts 1.86 billion monthly active users. LinkedIn has 467 million members. All those users ensure increasing traffic and steady business for this firm. Data centers are plenty profitable, too. Every dollar of revenue for this company translates into roughly $0.57 in adjusted profits. The average client lease is about 12.8 years long. The cost for a customer to move its equipment to another location is $10 billion to $20 billion. Both make for a high customer retention rate. This stock is up 10.15% so far this year. Investors also benefit from reliable dividend income. Shares currently yield 3.5%, and that dividend has grown 13% annually since 2005. Data center rent hikes and booming global data traffic mean it will likely keep growing, too. For a solid foundational holding that offers a rising share price along with income, click here to read the full story… This next pick on our best stocks to buy list is up 183.6% this year, with more gains on the way… Join the conversation. Click here to jump to comments… (1) COMMENTS FACEBOOK COMMENTS TAGS Tags: Stocks to Buy ron spinabella | April 7, 2017 looking forward to read, think marijuana is a opportunity Reply Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website 1  +   =  eight Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Private Briefing Login with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor TODAY'S INSIGHT We're Making the Investment Case for Four "You Ain't Seen Nothing Yet" Stocks Forget your password? Not a member? Profit Alerts Never miss a profit pick again. Choose from the topics below to receive our money-making recommendations in real time. Best Investments Alerts (this article) Tech Watch (this article) Gold and Silver Alerts Breaking Stories Don't forget choose a topic. View all topics Daily Market Strategies Before the Bell Preview After Market Roundup Breaking Stories Profit Strategies Best Investments Alerts Trading Strategy Alerts Retirement Tips Options Trading Stock Market Crash Insurance Hot Trends Marijuana Industry Updates Cybersecurity Updates Wall Street Scam Watch Bitcoin/Cryptocurrency Updates Politics Alerts Financial Regulation Alerts Terrorism Watch Conspiracy Theories Alerts U.S. Economy Fed Watch Housing Market Updates Economic Data Alerts Bond Market Watch Global Markets US Dollar Alerts China and All Asia Alerts Europe Alerts Emerging Economies Alerts Currencies Watch Stocks Biotech and Pharma Alerts Penny Stocks Alerts Energy Watch Tech Watch Dividend Stocks Alerts Small Cap Stocks Alerts Apple Updates Facebook Updates Amazon Updates Google Updates Exxon Updates IPO Watch Stocks to Watch Commodities Gold and Silver Alerts Oil and Gas Alerts Alternative Energy Alerts Metals Updates Expert Insight Keith Fitz-Gerald Michael Lewitt Dr Kent Moors Michael A Robinson Shah Gilani Tom Gentile William Patalon III D R Barton Jr Sid Riggs Ernie Tremblay Enter email: Submit We respect your privacy. Learn more. Select Topics & Save Latest News April 7, 2017 By Casey Wilson Leave a Comment As Coca-Cola's Profits Sink, Its CEO Brings Home a $3 Million Bonus April 7, 2017 By Garrett Baldwin Leave a Comment Dow Jones News Today: Markets Fall After Last Night's Syrian Missile Strike April 7, 2017 By Jack Delaney Leave a Comment Before the Blue Apron IPO Date, Will There Be an Acquisition Offer? Trending Posts 5756 Reads 52 Likes Jim Rogers: Prepare for Trump's "Global Financial Meltdown" with These Investments Investing legend Jim Rogers issued a dire warning: Trump will cause a “global financial meltdown.” Here’s how to protect your money… 4722 Reads 12 Likes The 2 Best Small-Cap Stocks to Buy Now The best small-cap stocks to buy are these two companies that are dominant in several high-growth industries. Here's why they'll gain 26% and 53.8% in 2017... Today's Markets DJIA -6.85 (0.03%) 20,656.10 NASDAQ -1.14 (0.02%) 5,877.81 S&P -1.95 (0.08%) 2,355.54 AMZN -3.40 (0.38%) 894.88 GOOGL -2.99 (0.35%) 842.10 MBLY 0.00 (0.00%) 61.74 INTC 0.00 (0.00%) 36.03 ABOUT MONEY MORNING Money Morning gives you access to a team of ten market experts with more than 250 years of combined investing experience – for free. Our experts – who have appeared on FOXBusiness, CNBC, NPR, and BloombergTV – deliver daily investing tips and stock picks, provide analysis with actions to take, and answer your biggest market questions. Our goal is to help our millions of e-newsletter subscribers and Moneymorning.com visitors become smarter, more confident investors. QUICK LINKS About Us How Money Morning Works FAQs Contact Us Search Article Archive Forgot Username/Password Login to Private Briefing FREE NEWSLETTERS Strategic Tech Investor Oil & Energy Investor Total Wealth Research Wall Street Insights & Indictments Power Profit Trades Sure Money Investor 10 Minute Millionaire PREMIUM SERVICES Money Map Press Home Money Map Report Energy Advantage Nova-X Report Private Briefing Energy Inner Circle High Velocity Profits Biotech Insider Alert Capital Wave Forecast Radical Technology Profits Stealth Profits Trader Short-Side Fortunes The Delta Factor Money Calendar Alert Weekly Cash Clock Zenith Trading Circle Seismic Profits Alert Get In Touch Like Our Page Follow Us Watch Us on YouTube © 2017 Money Morning All Rights Reserved. Protected by copyright of the United States and international treaties. Any reproduction, copying, or redistribution (electronic or otherwise, including the world wide web), of content from this webpage, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited without the express written permission of Money Morning. Address: 16 W. Madison St. Baltimore, MD, 21201 | Phone: 888.384.8339 I Disclaimer | Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Whitelist Us You may choose from these hot topics to start receiving our money-making recommendations in real time. Don't forget choose a topic. Best Investments Alerts (this article) Tech Watch (this article) Gold and Silver Alerts Breaking Stories View all topics Interested in other topics? You can add more alerts below. Daily Market Updates:Select All Before the Bell Preview After Market Roundup Breaking Stories Profit Strategies:Select All Best Investments Alerts Trading Strategy Alerts Retirement Tips Options Trading Stock Market Crash Insurance Hot Trends:Select All Marijuana Industry Updates Cybersecurity Updates Wall Street Scam Watch Bitcoin/Cryptocurrency Updates Politics Alerts Financial Regulation Alerts Terrorism Watch Conspiracy Theories Alerts U.S. Economy:Select All Fed Watch Housing Market Updates Economic Data Alerts Bond Market Watch Global Markets:Select All US Dollar Alerts China and All Asia Alerts Europe Alerts Emerging Economies Alerts Currencies Watch Stocks:Select All Biotech and Pharma Alerts Penny Stocks Alerts Energy Watch Tech Watch Dividend Stocks Alerts Small Cap Stocks Alerts Apple Updates Facebook Updates Amazon Updates Google Updates Exxon Updates IPO Watch Stocks to Watch Commodities:Select All Gold and Silver Alerts Oil and Gas Alerts Alternative Energy Alerts Metals Updates Expert Insight:Select All Keith Fitz-Gerald Michael Lewitt Dr Kent Moors Michael A Robinson Shah Gilani Tom Gentile William Patalon III D R Barton Jr Sid Riggs Ernie Tremblay Enter email: Submit We respect your privacy. Learn more. Select Topics & Save
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Editors' Choice Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Facebook Twitter Search Search for Close Arrow_Path PCMagPicks Windows10 ProjectScorpio YouTubeTV Mastodon Menu Home/ Forward Thinking/ Living With an HP EliteBook 1040 Living With an HP EliteBook 1040 By Michael J. Miller April 7, 2017 10 Comments HP's EliteBook 1040 offers many great features, including a very nice touch screen and an innovative way to protect the display from prying eyes. But there are some trade-offs. For the last couple of months, I've been traveling with an HP EliteBook 1040, the company's high-end corporate notebook. I've found it offers many great features, including a very nice touch screen and an innovative way to protect the display from prying eyes, but there are some trade-offs associated with the machine that give me pause. The machine I carried is the third generation of the 1040, and HP positions it as a corporate laptop that blends the features IT departments need with the look and feel professionals want, at a time when personal and professional lives are blurring. The 1040 does look like a premium notebook, with a silver-colored aluminum case and thin profile. HP says it meets a number of endurance specs, so it should be durable, and it certainly feels well-built. Indeed, HP says that at 15.8mm thick and with a starting weight of 3.15 pounds, the 1040 is the thinnest 14-inch business notebook. It measures 13.3 by 9.2 by 0.65 inches, which makes it a bit thinner—though somewhat larger—than the ThinkPad X1 Yoga (13.1 by 9.0 by 0.7 inches). The 1040 looks very nice, and the notebook is easy to open. It has all the ports you'd expect, including two traditional USB 3.0 Type A ports, as well as a USB-C port, though without Thunderbolt or the ability to charge the laptop through the port. Instead, it uses the same charger as earlier EliteBooks. The machine also offers full-size HDMI out, which I find useful; a smart card reader; and a connector for attaching the included Ethernet port and VGA out (which is a bit awkward but not surprising when wired Ethernet and VGA seem to be missing from most notebooks). One thing I missed is an SD card or mini-SD card reader. The unit I tested had an Intel Core i7-6600U processor running at 2.6GHz, 16GB of DRAM, and 256GB of SSD storage; it seemed quite responsive on all the tasks I tried. The display is perhaps the most innovative piece of the laptop. The unit I tested had a 1,920-by-1,080 Full HD display, though HP does offer models with QHD displays (2,560-by-1,440 pixels). It includes a touch screen, which I found quite responsive. But what makes it stand out is SureView, HP's integrated privacy screen. You've likely seen third-party filters that cover a laptop screen and make it harder to view from an angle, but SureView is integrated into the 1040. It uses a lighting-control prism and proprietary backlight to make the screen harder to read if you are 35 degrees from center. You can turn this on or off using a function key. I like the concept very much, but I found the implementation lacked a bit. When turned on, SureView does a pretty good job blocking the display from an angle, but at the expense of making straight-on viewing much darker and much harder to read. You can increase the brightness, but that increases visibility from the side, and I still found the screen not as comfortable to view as I would have liked. As a result, I found I didn't use the feature much. Even when SureView is off, the screen just didn't look as sharp or as bright compared to other premium laptops I've tried. For multimedia and web conferencing, it has Bang & Olufsen speakers and a dual array microphone, with software that aims to block ambient noise. It includes a webcam on the top of the screen, which provides a much better angle than the webcam on the bottom, as seen in the competing Dell Latitude 13 7000 series, and in the 7360 I used recently. In general, this seems tuned for web and audio conference more so than for media, but it makes sense given the target audience. HP says the keyboard features a 1.5mm travel distance and a consistent force displacement curve, reducing strain when typing. All I can say is that the keyboard had a very nice feel, and I particularly appreciated the very large touch pad. (Although I had to learn that if you tap the touchpad twice in the upper-left corner, it turns the mouse on and off.) In general, it's a pleasure to type on the EliteBook 1040. For security, an interesting feature is SureStart, which certifies the BIOS hasn't been compromised and verifies the integrity of the BIOS while the PC is running. It's a nice extra step. The unit has a TPM chip (standard now in all corporate laptops of this class) and a hardened fingerprint reader (which uses its own encrypted memory) that supports Windows Hello. The 1040 did quite well in performance tests, and the Core i7-6600 (Skylake) processor running at 2.6GHz (with a turbo mode of up to 3.4GHz) had the fastest results of any laptop I've tested on complex tests in applications like Matlab. In day-to-day use, it seemed very fast at just about every standard business task, though that's been true of every notebook based on a full-power Intel chip I've tried for several years. As usual, note that no machine in this class has discrete graphics (because it would be too hot), so this isn't the kind of machine you want if you spend your day running workstation-style applications or high-end gaming. Battery life is, as always, dependent on what you are doing. With the screen at maximum brightness and Wi-Fi turned on, the battery lasted 2 hours and 50 minutes on PCMark 8, a bit less than I saw with the ThinkPad Yoga X1 (which had a noticeably brighter screen). In a test using Chrome automatically reloading a page every 60 seconds over Wi-Fi at maximum display brightness and using Windows' high-performance power setting, it lasted 3 hours and 12 minutes, about 15 minutes more than the ThinkPad. PCMag's test showed it getting 6 hours and 55 minutes on its rundown test, notably behind the 10 hours the ThinkPad and the Latitude endured. In general, I thought battery life was fine most days (particularly with SureView turned off), but I found myself worrying about power toward the end of the work day. Despite the relatively low starting weight, a concern I do have with the unit is the weight. The unit I tested came in at 3 pounds, 10.4 ounces due to the touch screen and the SureView option. In contrast, Lenovo's ThinkPad Yoga X1 (above), with a 14-inch WQHD OLED touch screen display that flips completely around, comes in at 2.8 pounds–and that extra pound makes a big difference if you're carrying it around all day. The 13-inch Dell Latitude 7000 series (7370) has a higher-resolution screen but an awkwardly positioned webcam. (Note the 14-inch Dell Latitude 7000 (E7470), which I haven't tried myself, has the webcam in the normal position.) I found a lot to like about the EliteBook 1040; it's fast and responsive, well-designed for web conferencing, and has some unusual security features, like the SureView screen, which may make this particularly attractive for security-conscious organizations. But on the downside, battery life, weight, and the look of the screen in normal use aren't quite what I hoped for in a high-end corporate notebook. For more, see PCMag's full review of the HP EliteBook 1040. Back to top Previous : Digital Transformation Requires a Strong Culture, Leadership... By Michael J. Miller Michael J. Miller's Forward Thinking Blog: forwardthinking.pcmag.com Michael J. Miller is chief information officer at Ziff Brothers Investments, a private investment firm. From 1991 to 2005, Miller was editor-in-chief of PC Magazine, responsible for the editorial direction, quality, and presentation of the world's largest computer publication. No investment advice is offered in this blog. All duties are disclaimed. Miller works separately for a private investment firm which may at any time invest in companies whose products are discussed in this blog, and no disclosure of securities transactions... More » More Stories by Michael Digital Transformation Requires a Strong Culture, Leadership At IDG's Agenda Conference, CIOs gathered to discuss 'digital transformation' and new initiatives to... More » Galaxy S8 Looks Great, But Bixby, DeX Are the Real Questions The personal assistant and ability to use the phone like a desktop computer may be what sets this ne... More » Intel's 10nm Process: It's More Than Just Chip Scaling Intel's latest announcements could lead to big changes in the framework of new processors. More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Subscribe //Most Popular Articles The Best Amazon Alexa Skills The Strange World of Console-Computer Hybrids 5 Video Games You'll Want to Buy in April Privacy 101: Why You Need a VPN Spotify Tricks That Will Make You a Streaming Samurai 20 Tricks to Master Google Photos »See More //Discover... 22 Things You Didn't Know Your Chromecast Could Do 10 Apps Every Lazy Person Needs Google Drive Tips You Can't Afford to Miss »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com Speedtest.net PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
OregonLive.com Menu Home News by Topic News by Location Sports High School Sports Entertainment/Lifestyle Eat, Drink, Cook Opinion Real Estate Obituaries Jobs Autos Classifieds Connect With Us Extras Subscribe Back to Main Menu Crime Trending Politics Watchdog Education Environment Commuting Health Business Video Photos Marijuana Diversity Interactive Maps & Charts Columnists/Voice Back to Main Menu Politics Home My Government Back to Main Menu Education Home My Schools Back to Main Menu Business News Home Real Estate News Personal Finance Oregon & the Economy Oregon Tech Shopping Business Public Blog Back to Main Menu Steve Duin Samantha Swindler Tom Hallman Jr. Mark Katches John Canzano Kristi Turnquist Grant Butler Jessica Greif Teresa Mahoney Dave Killen Back to Main Menu Portland Pacific Northwest Multnomah County Washington County Clackamas County Clark County Oregon U.S./World Back to Main Menu Oregon Sports March Madness John Canzano Ducks Beavers Blazers Pilots Thorns Timbers Vikings Track and Field NFL NBA MLB Recruiting News Sports on TV More Sports Back to Main Menu NCAA Pac-12 Hops Track & Field Winterhawks Back to Main Menu Boys Girls Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Track and Field Tennis Golf Lacrosse Back to Main Menu Softball Track and Field Tennis Golf Lacrosse Back to Main Menu Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Volleyball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Wrestling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Competitive Cheer Dance and Drill Back to Main Menu TV Movies Music Best of Living Homes & Gardens Travel & Outdoors Arts & Performance Books Pets Vintage Oregon Events Advice Puzzles & Games Comics Back to Main Menu Cheap Eats Dining Out Portland's Best Restaurants Recipes Cooking Beer Bars Wine Back to Main Menu The Stump Editorials Letters to the Editor My Oregon OpEd Elizabeth Hovde David Sarasohn Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Twitter Facebook Instagram Pinterest Our Staff Oregonian Plus Members Buy an ad Back to Main Menu Find & Save Local Businesses Living Plus Travel Plus Back to Main Menu The Oregonian E-Edition Manage your subscription Email newsletters Mobile apps Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search OregonLive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to OregonLive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Oregonian E-Edition Manage your subscription Email newsletters Mobile apps comments Trump could reverse Obama-era rule that allows foreign spouses to work IMMIG-SPOUSES Sudarshana Sengupta fixes a dinner plate for her son, Josh. The Trump administration may strip employment privileges for the spouses of foreign workers, making it impossible for Sengupta and an estimated 200,000 others with similar immigration status to stay in their jobs. (photo for The Washington Post by Jessica Hill) Print Email The Washington Post By The Washington Post The Oregonian on April 08, 2017 at 6:00 AM, updated April 08, 2017 at 9:05 AM comments Sudarshana Sengupta used to consider herself an immigrant success story. A scientist on the verge of launching a start-up, she thought she had checked all the right boxes on her way to achieving the American Dream. She works at a university lab, pays taxes and has begun the lengthy process of becoming a permanent resident. But what once looked like a glittering future is now in jeopardy. The Trump administration said this week that it was considering whether to revoke an Obama-era rule that allows some spouses of "high-skilled" foreign workers to also hold jobs in the United States. The move -- stripping away privileges granted by Obama in 2015 -- would make it impossible for Sengupta and an estimated 200,000 others with similar immigration status to stay in their jobs. It comes as the Trump administration weighs its response to a lawsuit brought against the federal government by a group of IT workers in California, who argue that the spousal visas hurt American workers. The rule change under the Obama administration had been a top priority for Intel, which employs thousands of foreign workers through the H-1B visa program. Most of those faced with losing their right to work -- if the Trump administration revokes the authorizations -- would be women like Sengupta, highly educated wives who in many cases gave up their own "high-skilled" H-1B visas for the spousal work permits. "I followed all the rules, jumped through all the hoops," said Sengupta, a 43-year-old biomedical researcher. "I do not want to move back to India just so I can work. I cannot abandon my son and my husband." The work authorizations for spouses on H-4 dependent visas are more flexible than the H-1B visas because they are not bound to a single employer. The unrestricted work permits are similar to those granted to other visa-holder spouses -- such as those married to foreign workers employed by multinational companies. But in those cases, the employment rights were authorized by Congress, not the president. The Obama administration had extended work privileges to spouses of one of the most sought-after classes of foreign workers -- the "high-skilled" workers who staff the tech and science industries - as an incentive for these workers to complete the green card process and stay in the United States. H-1B applications hit 65,000 cap in 5 days While there may be humanitarian reasons to allow these spouses to contribute financially to their households, some economists say the policy is unfair. "It's difficult for modern couples to not have spouses who want to work, but it's not in the interest of the American workforce to bring in more workers," said Peter Cappelli, an economist and management professor at the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania. "Nobody would make the argument that just because you can work, you can come to the United States. That's the situation here -- somebody coming in who may not be able to pass the usual hurdle." Sengupta never envisioned putting her career at risk when, at age 28, she moved from Kolkata, India, to Louisville, Kentucky, in 2002 so her husband, Sadhak, could start a postdoctoral fellowship. "We decided that the United States had better opportunities for scientists than India," Sengupta said. "There's an environment of innovation here that does not exist anywhere else." Once she secured a work permit as the spouse of a visiting scholar, she volunteered at a university lab until she landed a paid position. She and her husband applied for H-1B visas in 2005 - the first step in the arduous green card process - when they decided to try to settle permanently in the United States. Her husband filed an immigrant visa petition, which was approved in 2010 - putting the family in the pipeline for their green cards. Indian H-1B holders face waits of more than a decade for their green cards because of a per-country cap and high demand. Indians account for more than 70 percent of H-1B visa recipients. After short stints in Chicago and Indianapolis, where Sengupta worked at various universities, the couple moved to the Boston area in 2011. Her husband is the director of the brain tumor immunotherapy research program at Rhode Island Hospital, affiliated with Brown University. She had a job at a Harvard-affiliated teaching hospital. Workers on H-1B visas who have begun the green card process can renew their work visas indefinitely -- but not their spouses. Sengupta did not start her own process to obtain a green card because she knew she would eventually get one through her husband. But her H-1B visa expired in 2013, making her ineligible to work. "It was devastating. I had never not worked in my life," she said. "Financially, it was draining, but it took an even bigger toll emotionally." Sengupta began thinking about starting her own company, but the family's savings were depleted when they became a single-income household. She got a reprieve in 2015 when the Obama administration allowed spouses of H-1B visa holders waiting for green cards to work. Sengupta got a part-time job as a research scientist at Roger Williams Medical Center in Providence, and devoted the rest of her time to launching a company with a biostatistician to predict rare cancers using an algorithm and cancer detection strategies she has spent years researching. But another curveball soon landed. A group of IT workers laid off by a California utility company and replaced with foreign workers on H-1B visas sued the Department of Homeland Security in 2015. The IT workers, who filed suit as Save Jobs USA, argued that the spousal work authorization endangered American workers by further increasing competition for jobs. A lower court dismissed the case in 2016, ruling that Save Jobs USA failed to show that it would be harmed by the spousal work provisions. Save Jobs USA appealed. Now the group's attorney, John Miano, said he's hopeful that President Donald Trump will rescind the provision. "If you're an American worker, and the president has the authority to allow any alien to work, that means the president could undermine every single protection for American workers in the entire immigration system," Miano said. "The immigration system is only as strong as its weakest link. "We have this H-1B program, which in theory has protections for American workers," he said. "But then we tell the spouses, 'Oh, you can work with no restrictions at all.' They are not restricted to highly skilled jobs. They can break strikes. They can do anything." The attorney has testified half a dozen times before Congress at the behest of congressional Republicans, including then-Sen. Jeff Sessions of Alabama, who objected to Obama's expansion of foreign worker programs. Sessions had also alarmed immigration advocates and the tech industry when he said, while campaigning for Trump, that he would consider eliminating H-1B visas altogether. A draft executive order leaked in January suggested that Trump would revisit existing regulations authorizing foreigners to work. That has not been signed. The Trump administration, shortly after his inauguration, had requested that the legal case over the spousal work provisions be paused for 60 days to allow the new leadership time to consider the issue. That deadline was Monday. Instead of filing a brief urging the court to uphold the rule, the Justice Department asked the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit to put the legal proceedings on hold for six more months, until Sept. 27, so it could "actively reconsider" the provision. As attorney general, Sessions can choose not to defend the spousal work provision. Sarah Isgur Flores, a spokeswoman for the Justice Department, said that "the administration is committed to protecting American workers under the law," but would not comment on its plans. Save Jobs USA objected to any further delay and filed a motion asking the court to schedule oral arguments as soon as possible. Sengupta - along with Immigration Voice, a nonprofit group advocating on behalf of high-skilled foreign workers - has filed a motion to intervene in the court case in the event the Trump administration does not defend the provision. Some immigration advocates are not optimistic about the future of the H-4 spousal work authorization. "The administration, and the Department of Justice in particular, is looking for any opportunity to end legal immigration as we know it to the United States," said Ali Noorani, executive director of National Immigration Forum, a Washington lobby group. "The administration is on track to keep engineers out of the country and really diminish or dismiss the value of their spouses, who are also contributing to the economy." Sengupta, in the meantime, remains in limbo. She continues pitching her start-up to investors, and says she has several lined up. But they will wait only so long. And so her plans to hire three American scientists are also on hold. "If I launch my company today, we don't know what's going to happen a year and a half from now," Sengupta said. If Trump revokes her permission to work, she said she would quit her lab job and put her start-up plans on hold until her green card comes through - which could take years. Sengupta mused that perhaps she and her husband would uproot their 9-year-old son, Josh, who was born in Indianapolis and is a U.S. citizen, and move to Canada. Or somewhere else more welcoming to immigrants. "This was supposed to be the country where if you worked hard, you got ahead and reap the rewards," she said. "But that has all become futile now. You work hard, but it might just all go away." -- Tracy Jan, The Washington Post Inside Silicon Forest About Mike Rogoway Email Mike Rogoway Follow @rogoway Most Read Active Discussions About Us About OregonLive.com Our Journalists Contact the newsroom Join our team Frequently Asked Questions Subscriber Services Advertise with us Subscribe Today The Oregonian Email Newsletters Already a Subscriber Manage your Subscription Delivery Feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment OregonLive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Opinion Legal Notices Obituaries Videos Weather Sitemap & search Your Regional News Pages Clackamas County Gresham Portland Washington County Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on OregonLive.com Classifieds Jobs Autos Rentals Real Estate Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sponsor Content Local Deals Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram | Tumblr Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Oregon Live LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Oregon Live LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
HOME NEWS Channels Archive DOWNLOADS New Downloads Categories Archive GAME REVIEWS ARTICLES Rig of the Month Join ROTM PC Buyers Guide Guru3D VGA Charts Editorials Dated content HARDWARE REVIEWS Videocards Processors Audio Motherboards Memory and Flash SSD Storage Chassis Media Players Power Supply Laptop and Mobile Smartphone Networking Keyboard Mouse Cooling Search articles Knowledgebase More Categories FORUMS NEWSLETTER CONTACT New Reviews Gigabyte Aorus GTX 1080 Ti Xtreme Edition Review MSI X370 XPower Gaming Titanium review AMD Ryzen 7 Memory And Tweaking Analysis review Cooler Master MasterCase Pro 6 review ASUS ROG Strix GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Review Guru3D Rig of the Month - March 2017 GeForce GTX 1080 Ti FCAT Frametime Analysis Review MSI GTX 1080 Ti GAMING X Review Gigabyte Aorus AX370 Gaming 5 review ASUS Crosshair VI Hero Review New Downloads Samsung NVMe SSD Driver Download v2.2 Download Samsung Magician v5.0 GeForce 381.65 WHQL driver download 3DMark Download v.2.3.3682 + Time Spy AMD Radeon Software Crimson ReLive 17.4.1 driver download HWiNFO64 Download v5.50 AIDA64 Download version 5.90 Prime95 download version 29.1 AMD Radeon Software Crimson ReLive 17.3.3 driver download GeForce 378.92 WHQL driver download New Forum Topics Resolution scaling GeForce 381.65 WHQL driver download & Discussion Zotac announces more GTX 1080 Ti models RTSS frame limiter delay measured 381.65 2x 1080TI + LG B6 HDR 4k TV = Windows 10 Freeze Nvidia Inspector introduction and Guide Nvidia Titan XP The AMD Ryzen All In One Tread /Overclocking/Memory Speeds & Timings/Tweaking/Cooling Alien Or Aliens?? New C++ Installer released [Hassle free uninstaller/reinstaller] Guru3D.com » News » QNAP Releases TVS-1282T3 Thunderbolt 3 NAS QNAP Releases TVS-1282T3 Thunderbolt 3 NAS by Hilbert Hagedoorn on: 04/07/2017 09:01 AM | Source | 1 comment(s) QNAP  nnounced the new  Thunderbolt 3 NAS - TVS-1282T3 that features 7th Generation Intel 14nm multi-core processors, four Thunderbolt 3 ports, HDMI output, and higher transfer speeds than its previous generation.  Providing functionality and storage potential, the TVS-1282T3 is a perfect match for the Thunderbolt 3 MacBook Pro, and is backward-compatible with Thunderbolt 2-enabled devices by using a Thunderbolt 3 (USB-C) to Thunderbolt 2 converter. The high-bandwidth Thunderbolt 3 connection provides great advantages for video editing and sharing, making the TVS-1282T3 highly suited for Thunderbolt 3-enabled Mac and Windows users for 4K media workflows, file storage, and high-speed sharing. "We are very excited to offer the pioneering Thunderbolt 3 NAS to the market," said David Tsao, Product Manager of QNAP, adding "with more Windows devices featuring Thunderbolt 3 and the latest Final Cut Pro X 10.3 adding support for the SMB protocol, the TVS-1282T3 empowers cross-platform file sharing while greatly improving teamwork and workflows between Mac and Windows users." The TVS-1282T3 leverages 7th Generation Intel Core i5 and Core i7 quad-core processors to provide unmatched performance. Besides Thunderbolt 3 connectivity, the TVS-1282T3 can also simultaneously run general Ethernet services with the built-in 10GbE LAN card, providing an exclusive Thunderbolt/NAS/iSCSI triple solution for a wider range of applications. Thunderbolt 3 ports are also compatible with USB Type-C cables/devices and supports 10 Gbps USB 3.1 Gen2, allowing compatibility with newer, faster USB devices for transferring large files. QNAP's innovative Thunderbolt-to-Ethernet (T2E) technology allows computers without Ethernet ports to access 10GbE network resources over a Thunderbolt connection to the TVS-1282T3, introducing much more flexible and cost-effective ways of data transfer. The TVS-1282T3 features advanced hardware for greater efficiency, including SATA 6Gbps M.2 SSD slots, 2.5" SSD slots, compartmentalized smart cooling, and tool-less HDD installation. QNAP's Qtier technology empowers auto tiering that helps continuously optimize storage efficiency across M.2 SSD, SSD and SATA drives on the NAS, and these different storage media can be configured as independent partitions for different applications to ensure a sufficient throughput level for every application. With multiple network ports, it allows applications to use dedicated interfaces to meet network traffic distribution requirements. The TVS-1282T3 features the intelligent QTS 4.3 operating system that provides key elements required to create a dependable private cloud, including backup/restore, sharing, remote access, and management. Advanced applications include: QRM+ centralized management solution for discovering, mapping, monitoring and managing critical networked computing devices (including servers, PCs, and thin clients) with the support for a graphical topology diagram; Virtualization Station that hosts Windows, Linux, UNIX, and Android based virtual machines on the NAS; Container Station to empower near-limitless LXC and Docker containerized apps and IoT development; Qfiling and Qsirch for effortlessly organizing and searching for files, providing a highly-efficient data storage center. The TVS-1282T3 accommodates up to 80 TB raw capacity (using 10 TB hard drives), and can be expanded by connecting up to six QNAP Thunderbolt expansion enclosures ( TX-800P and TX-500P). The storage capacity can also be expanded by using VJBOD (Virtual JBOD) that leverages the unused storage capacity of other QNAP NAS, providing a reliable, high-capacity storage solution for the growing high-resolution media files. Key specifications TVS-1282T3-i5-16G: Intel Core i5-7500 3.4 GHz quad-core processor, 16GB DDR4 RAM, expandable to 64GB TVS-1282T3-i7-32G: Intel Core i7-7700 3.6 GHz quad-core processor, 32GB DDR4 RAM, expandable to 64GB TVS-1282T3-i7-64G: Intel Core i7-7700 3.6 GHz quad-core processor, 64GB DDR4 RAM 12-bay tower NAS; 8 x 3.5"/2.5" hard drives and 4 x 2.5" SSD slots, hot-swappable SATA 6Gbps/3Gbps hard drives; 4 x Thunderbolt 3 ports; 2 x SATA 6Gbps M.2 SSD slots (M.2 SSD is optional purchase); 2 x 10GBase-T LAN ports, 4 x Gigabit LAN ports; 3 x HDMI outputs; 5 x USB 3.0 ports; 1 x 3.5mm audio jack, 2 x built-in speakers; compartmentalized smart cooling. For more information, visit the product page. I just checked, the cheapest 16GB version starts at only € 3567,-  :-) Rate this story Rating: 1 ... Bad 2 ... Not the best 3 ... Average 4 ... Good 5 ... Awesome « Unigine To Release Superposition-benchmark April 11th · QNAP Releases TVS-1282T3 Thunderbolt 3 NAS · Linksys offers EA8300 802.11ac Tri-Band MU-MIMO Router » Related Stories QNAP Releases QTS 4.3 Beta - 12/05/2016 11:45 AM QNAP NAS afficionados attention, QNAP announced the beta release of QTS 4.3 &amp;ndash; the NAS operating system enhanced with automated services. ... QNAP releases Andoid based TAS-168 and TAS-268 home NAS - 11/12/2015 06:26 PM QNAP has released the TAS-168 and TAS-268 home NAS units.  No tools are required to install a single 3.5&quot; hard drive (TAS-168 can have 1 drive installed, the -268 can hold 2 for more storage c... QNAP Releases High-Performance TS-x31 Home NAS Series - 10/03/2014 09:07 AM NAP Systems, Inc. today announced the release of the TS-x31 series Turbo NAS for SOHO and Home users. Powered by a dual-core 1.2 GHz ARM Cortex-A9 CPU, it provides a high-performance yet economical so... QNAP releases three budget NAS servers - 02/01/2011 04:38 PM QNAP introduced three budget NAS servers; including a single-bay, dual-bay and quad-bay model. QNAP Systems, Inc., a leading manufacturer of world class NAS servers, NVR Video Surveillance Systems, an... floppyedonkey Newbie Posts: 18 Joined: 2016-03-29 #5417658 Posted on: 04/07/2017 11:19 PM This looks nice, QNAP does make the best NAS devices on earth. Post New Comment Click here to post a comment for this news story on the message forum. Guru3D.com © 2017
Liliputing LPX Show Mini PCs Reviews Deals Shop About Contact us Advertise on Liliputing About Liliputing Privacy Statement AMD Ryzen 3 1200 chip details leaked ahead of schedule 04/05/2017 at 11:30 AM by Brad Linder 1 Comment AMD’s high-performance Ryzen 7 desktop chips launched earlier this year. The company’s mid-range Ryzen 5 chips are set to go on sale next week. Next up? AMD plans to launch Ryzen 3 series chips to compete with Intel’s Core i3 lineup in the second half of 2017. But PC component maker ASRock may have just given us an idea of what to expect from at least one of those Ryzen 3 chips. In an entry on ASRock’s CPU Support list page, you can see some basic information about the Ryzen 3 1200 processor. It’s a 3.1 GHz quad-core processor with a 65 watt TDP and 2MB of L2 cache. There’s no information about burst speeds or other features. But there is one thing AMD has consistently said about its Ryzen processors: they’re all unlocked, which means enthusiasts can overclock the CPUs to boost performance. In some cases, that could allow customers to buy a cheaper chip and tweak it to get performance that may be similar to what you’d get from a more expensive model. We’ll probably have to wait a few months to get official details about the pricing or availability of the Ryzen 3 1200 and other Ryzen 3-series chips. But given that the Ryzen 5 line has a starting price of $169, it seems safe to bet that the new Ryzen 3 chips will be cheaper. All of the Ryzen chips announced to date are designed for desktop computers, but AMD does plan to launch lower-power models aimed at notebooks in the second half of the year. via ComputerBase.de Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Email Leave a Reply 1 Comment on "AMD Ryzen 3 1200 chip details leaked ahead of schedule" Login with Notify of new follow-up comments new replies to my comments Notify of new replies to this comment Notify of new replies to this comment Sort by:   newest | oldest | most voted Guest Hifihedgehog Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. Still patiently awaiting more Raven Ridge rumors. That model of CPU promises as low as 4W TDP operation. http://cdn.wccftech.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/08/AMD-Mobile-and-AIO-Roadmap-for-2016-and-2017-635×223.png Vote Up1Vote Down  Reply 3 days 13 hours ago Latest News Kobo acquires discount eBook company Shelfie Shelfie use to be a service that let you get cheap eBooks for titles you already … [Read More...] Samsung Gear S3 hackers working on custom kernel, recovery, and maybe even Android Wear port Samsung's first smartwatch may have shipped with Google's Android Wear software, … [Read More...] Facebook’s M assistant finally arrives in Messenger… offers suggestions based on your chats It's been almost two years since Facebook unveiled its M digital assistant … [Read More...] Deals Deals of the Day (4-07-2017) Today's roundup of mobile tech deals include great prices on popular Bluetooth … [Read More...] Featured articles What’s new in Android O? Google has released the first developer preview for Android O, the next major … [Read More...] Say hello to Liliputing’s new commenting system For the past 9 years, Liliputing's comment system has been powered by Disqus. … [Read More...] Gemini PDA is like a tiny Android/Linux laptop with premium specs (crowdfunding) Are physical keyboards for mobile devices making a comeback? TCL and BlackBery … [Read More...] Latest news from the LPX Show LPX Episode 14: Adapted (Kaomi Goetz on Korean international adoptees returning to Korea) LPX Episode 13: Someone is wrong on the internet! (Snopes editor Brooke Binkowski on fake news & real journalism) LPX Episode 12: Superbook turns your smartphone into a laptop Subscribe to the LPX Show Subscribe at LPXShow.com Disclosure: Some links on this page are monetized by Skimlinks and Amazon's and eBay's affiliate programs. Copyright © 2017 Liliputing · Go to top of page Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. You are going to send email to Send Move Comment Move
Whoa there! Looks like you're already verified. If you still have trouble signing in, you probably need a new confirmation link email. {* resendLink *} Please resend verification. Thanks for verifying your email address You're now logged in. LINK YOUR ACCOUNT FOR PREMIUM ACCESS Are you already a home delivery subscriber for PalmBeachPost.com? Yes, Link My AccountNo, I'm good Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Sign In OR Sign in using your PalmBeachPost.com profile Need a Profile? Register Now. {* #userInformationForm *} *EMAIL {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} *PASSWORD Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in using your existing account {* loginWidget *} Sign In OR Sign in using your PalmBeachPost.com profile Need a Profile? Register Now. {* #userInformationForm *} *EMAIL {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} *PASSWORD Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in using your existing account {* loginWidget *} Sign In OR Sign in using your PalmBeachPost.com profile Need a Profile? Register Now. {* #userInformationForm *} *EMAIL {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} *PASSWORD Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in using your existing account {* loginWidget *} You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. *Required {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy. {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Register *Required {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a New Account *Required {* #registrationFormBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddressBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirmBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Just One More Thing... We have sent you a verification email. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your PalmBeachPost.com profile. If you do not receive the verification message within a few minutes of signing up, please check your Spam or Junk folder. Close Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on PalmBeachPost.com frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Create a new password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Close {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Thanks for verifying your email address. You're now logged in. Close Sign In It looks like you are already verified. If you still have trouble signing in, you probably need a new confirmation link email. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Use another account {* /userInformationForm *} Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Thanks for verifying your email address. You're now logged in. {# Show dss link in NP sites that have subscriptions_url set #} {% if subscriptions_url %} * LINK YOUR ACCOUNT FOR PREMIUM ACCESS - Are you already a home delivery subscriber for {% site_setting friendly_name %}? Yes, Link My Account No, I'm good {% else %} Close {% endif %} {% include "includes/auth/janrain/signIn_traditional.html" with message='It looks like you are already verified. If you still have trouble signing in, you probably need a new confirmation link email.' %} Jobs Autos Homes Classifieds Help 65 0 open search clear Subscribe now As low as 99¢ Log in Log in to Manage your Profile and Account Create your account Receive up-to-date newsletters Set up text alerts Sign up and manage subscriptions Log In Log Out Open menu open search clear 65 0 Subscribe now As low as 99¢ close menu Subscribe Log in Log in to Manage your Profile and Account Create your account Receive up-to-date newsletters Set up text alerts Sign up and manage subscriptions Log In Log Out close subnav open subnav Log Out Home News close subnav open subnav All News Breaking News Busin﻿ess Crime Booking Blotter Schools & Education Latest Videos Opinion Nation & World Mobile Alerts Email Newsletters Neighborhoods NEWS BLOGS Post on Politics Protecting Your Pocket Opinion Zone Real Time Malled! South Florida Retail Extra Credit Education West Palm Beat Eye on Palm Beach County All blogs MyPalmBeachPost close subnav open subnav All MyPalmBeachPost Local Community U.S. / World Politics Exclusives Sports Travel Food The Post's ePaper PREMIUM BLOGS Feast Palm Beach Post on Politics Real Time Frankly Florida Dave's Digital The Insider Weather close subnav open subnav All Weather Storm2017.com Interactive Radar Current Conditions Five-Day Forecast Follow Kim Weather+ App Storm2016.com Home Tropical Outlook Ocean Temps Tracking Map Life close subnav open subnav All Life Food & Dining Craft Beer Scene Ask Legal Experts Health Ask Health Experts Travel Notables Pets Offbeat Technology TAKE A BREAK Notables Games TV Listings CUSTOMER SERVICE Place an Announcement Place an Obituary Sports close subnav open subnav All Sports Scores & Schedules High Schools Dolphins Heat Marlins Hurricanes Gators Seminoles Recruiting Golf The Masters SPORTS BLOGS Daily Dolphin Heat Zone Fish Tank Canes Watch Gator Bytes Seminole Post FAU Focus High School Buzz From the Bunker Youth Sports Daily All blogs Things To Do close subnav open subnav All Things To Do Search Events Movie Showtimes Add an Event Latest Videos Dining TV Craft Beer Scene THINGS TO DO BLOGS Feast Palm Beach Featured The Pop File S. Florida Super Fun Team MORE Pets Travel More close subnav open subnav All More Classifieds Real Estate Jobs Autos Public Notices Historic Archive: 1916 -  Text Archive: 1989 -  Shopping My Local Home Design Ideas Palm Beach Post ePaper SERVICES Place a Celebration Obituary Notice Place a Classified Ad Digital Products Archives Newspapers in Education Ideabar Digital Marketing Reprints / Licensing Gallery Palm Beach 65 West Palm Beach, FL  33401 0 Traffic Conditions Follow us: Facebook Twitter Top Full Site Index Visitor Agreement Privacy Policy Contact Us ©2017 Cox Media Group Shortcuts Obituaries Newsletters Place a Classified Ad Subscribe Customer Care Real Estate Jobs Autos Contact Us Advertising Digital Products Explore these products PalmBeachPost.com MyPalmBeachPost.com Palm Beach Post ePaper PalmBeachDailyNews.com Subscribe now As low as 99¢ Log in Log in to Manage your Profile and Account Create your account Receive up-to-date newsletters Set up text alerts Sign up and manage subscriptions Log In Log Out Read: Full transcript of Trump's rally speech in Florida 0 Read: Full transcript of Trump's rally speech in Florida 0 Jared Leone Cox Media Group National Content Desk 8:15 p.m Saturday, Feb. 18, 2017 National news 0 News View CaptionHide Caption President Donald Trump points to his wife, first lady Melania Trump during a campaign rally Saturday, Feb. 18, 2017, at Orlando-Melbourne International Airport, in Melbourne, Fla. (AP Photo/Chris O'Meara) President Donald Trump addressed thousands of supporters during a campaign rally Saturday in Melbourne, Florida.  >>Read Trump speaks to thousands of supporters at Florida rally, brings one onstage Here is a full transcript of Trump's remarks according to C-Span and Vox: Thank you, everybody, thank you. I didn't know that Melania was going to be saying the Lord's Prayer, but I thought that was very beautiful, thank you, thank you. It's so great to be here in Florida. My second home with you. This is a state I truly love. This is a state where we all had great victory together. Thank you. It's now been a month since my inauguration. And I am here to tell you about our incredible progress in making America great again. I'm also here to tell you about our plans for the future and they're big and they're bold and It's what our country is all about, believe me. I'm here because I want to be among my friends and among the people. This was a great movement, a movement like has never been seen before in our country our probably anywhere else. This was a truly great movement And I want to be here with you, and I will always be with you. I promise you that. I want to be in a room filled with hard working American patriots who love their country, who salute their flag and who pray for a better future. I also want to speak to you without the filter of the fake news. The dishonest media which has published one false story after another with no sources, even though they pretend they have them, they make them up in many cases, they just don't want to report the truth and they've been calling us wrong now for two years. They don't get it. By they're starting to get it. I can tell you that. They've become a big part of the problem. They are part of the corrupt system. Thomas Jefferson, Andrew Jackson, and Abraham Lincoln and many of our greatest presidents fought with the media and called them out often times on their lies. When the media lies to people, I will never, ever let them get away with it. I will do whatever I can that. They don't get away with it. They have their own agenda and their agenda is not your agenda. In fact, Thomas Jefferson said, “nothing can be believed which is seen in a newspaper.” “Truth itself,” he said, “becomes suspicious by being put into that polluted vehicle,” that was June 14, my birthday, 1807. But despite all their lies, misrepresentations, and false stories, they could not defeat us in the primaries, and they could not defeat us in the general election, and we will continue to expose them for what they are, and most importantly, we will continue to win, win, win. We are not going to let the fake news tell us what to do, how to live, or what to believe. We are free and independent people and we will make our own choices. We are here today to speak the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. I hear your demands, I hear your voices and I promise you I will deliver. I promise that. And by the way, you've seen what we've accomplished in a very short period of time. The White House is running so smoothly. So smoothly. And believe me, I and we inherited one big mess. That I can tell you, but I know that you want safe neighborhoods where the streets belong to families and communities, not gang members and drug dealers who are right now as I speak being thrown out of the country and they will not be let back in. We will have strong borders again, and I mean that. You've seen it in television. You've seen it on television. General Kelly, now Secretary Kelly, he's really doing the job. You're seeing it. The gang members, bad, bad people. I said day one, and they're going out. Or they're being put in prison, but for the most part, get them the hell out of here. Bring them back to where they came from. The fact is, you want great schools for your children. You want good high paying jobs for yourselves and for your loved ones and for the future of your families. You want a health care system and by the way, we are going to be submitting in a couple of weeks a great healthcare plan that's going to take the place of the disaster known as Obamacare. It will be repealed and replaced. For those people. The people put into rooms where Republicans are talking about the plan, and it wouldn't matter what they say, for those people just so you understand, our plan will be much better health care at a much lower coast. Okay? Nothing to complain about. Obamacare remember, it is a disaster. You want low cost American energy also, which means lifting the restrictions on oil, on shell, on natural gas and on clean, very clean coal. We're going to put the miners back to work. The miners go back to work. You want us to enforce immigration laws and defend our borders. You want fair trade deals and a level playing field. We don't have a level playing field. Because you understand that when American workers win, America as a country wins and wins big. And every country over the last long period of time has been taking advantage of the [inaudible] of our politicians. It's not going to happen any longer. You want lower taxes. Less regulation. Millions of new jobs and more product stamped with those beautiful, beautiful words, “Made in the USA.” You want to make it easy for companies to do business in America. And harder for companies to leave. We don't want companies saying, everybody is fired. We're moving to another country. We're going to make the product. Sell it across the border and isn't that wonderful. Not going happen anymore. We're going to have strong borders and when they want to sell that product back across our border, they're going to pay a 35% tax and you know what, they're never going to leave. They will never, ever leave. And you've seen that because I've already displayed it for the last two months even before I got into office. They're not leaving. And if they do, they're going to pay a big price for terminating the relationship with our workers. You want a government that serves the people not the donors and special interest. You want a government that keeps its promises. A great spirit of optimism is sweeping and you see it. it's sweeping all across the country. Look at what's happening to the stock market. Look at what's happening to the every poll when it comes to optimism in our country. It's sweeping across the country. And, in fact, every day for the last long period of days this stock market means, companies, have been hitting new highs. They're going to start highs. It's going to be a new day in America. You're going to be proud again. Jobs are already starting to pour back in. They're coming back in like you haven't seen in a long time. Ford, General Motors, Fiat, Chrysler are bringing in and bringing back thousands of jobs investing billions of dollars because of the new business climate that we are creating in our country. In Arizona, Intel, great company, just announced it will open a new plant that will create at least 10,000 brand new beautiful American jobs. I followed through on my promise to withdraw from the job killing disaster known as the Trans-Pacific Partnership. TPP, we have just terminated our relationship to it. We're going to have tremendous trade deals all over the world, but they're going to be bilateral or as we would say, one-on-one. None of these deals where we get caught in quicksand. Get mired in and we can't do anything about it. By the way, NAFTA and so many others. My administration has begun plans to crack down on foreign cheating and currency manipulation which is killing our companies and really, really hurting our workers. We're going to end it. Within a few days of taking the oath of office, I've taken steps to begin the construction of the Keystone and the Dakota Access Pipelines. Anywhere from 30-40,000 jobs. And very importantly, as I was about to sign it, I said who makes the pipe? Who makes the pipe? Something this audience understands very well, right? Simple question. The lawyers put this very complex document in front. I said, who makes the pipe? They said, sir, it can be made anywhere. I said not anymore. I put a little clause in the bottom. The pipe has to be made in the United States of America if we're going to have pine line. We believe in two simple rules. I can tell you everybody in this massive, this is a massive hanger. For the big planes. And by the way, do you think that one media group back there, one network will show this crowd. Not one. Not one. They won't show the crowd. You know, coming in on the plane, and that plane represented so much. And just so you know, they were close to signing a $4.2 billion deal to have a new Air Force One. Can you believe this? I said no way. I said I refuse to fly in a $4.2 billion airplane. I refuse. So I got Boeing and it is actually — a lot of people don't know. The Air Force One project is actually two planes. Why they need to planes, we'll have to talk about that, but they have two planes, but we've got that price down over a billion dollars and I probably have it spoken to be honest with you for honest probably an more than an hour on the project. I got the generals in who are fantastic. I got Boeing in. I told Boeing it's not good enough. We're still not going to do it. The price is still too high. On the fighter jet. We were hundreds of billions of dollars over budget. Seven years late, great plane. A great plane. So think of it. They're seven years late. Hundreds of billions of dollars over-budget. Other than that by the way the project is going extremely well. And I got the folks in from Lockheed Martin who are terrific people and a terrific product by the way. I also got Boeing in. I said do me a favor, give me a competing offer. And now they're competing and fighting and we've gotten hundreds of millions of dollars off the price of a plane that was going to be ordered, in other words, if my opponent got in, there would have been no calls made to them. They would have signed contracts. So they're going to make plenty of money, but it's going to be a lot less than they would have made without Trump. That I can tell you. You might as well know about it. Nobody talks. By the way, that's for fighter jets. One of the biggest orders in the history of aviation. The order for the F-35. You've been reading about it because it was a disaster. Under the last administration. A disaster. And now we have it running beautifully. In fact, when the Prime Minister of Japan, Prime Minister Abe, was great. Great guy. When he came over, he said, thank you. I said for what. You saved us many, many millions of dollars on the F-35 fighter jet. Because when I negotiated, I took our allies into the same negotiation. So the first thing he did was thanked med for saving them money and that's good. Okay. That's good. I know the media will never thank me so at least Japan is thanking me, right? But we believe in two simple rules. Buy American and hire American. We believe it. We've just issued a new order which requires that for every one new regulation, two old regulations must be eliminated. And by the way, a new director was just approved. Can you imagine the length of time it's taken to Democrats and I actually think it's an embarrassment to them, but this is getting in to be record setting time. Incredible people. Scott Pruitt was just approved, just now approved for the Environmental Protection Agency. He'll do so good. He won't have projects going ten and 12 years and getting rejected. They may be rejected, but they'll be rejected quickly. For the most part, they're going to be accepted. They're going to be environmentally friendly and he is going to be a great Secretary. He will be amazing. We're very happy. That took place yesterday. That's going to be a big difference because they were clogging up the veins of our country with the environmental impact statements and all of the rules and regulations. It was impossible to navigate for companies. And what did it really mean? Forget about the companies? What did it mean. It meant no jobs. It meant companies leaving our country and going to foreign countries to do things they would rather do here. So we're going to have a whole big situation. We are going to unfreeze all of those companies. They are going to be — they're going have freedom. Be able to build what they want to build. It will be environmentally friendly and we're going to start producing jobs like you've never seen before. That's going to happen. That was a big thing. We're standing up for the incredible men and women always of law enforcement. We're standing up. And I can tell you, the military and law enforcement they stood up. I don't say for me. I'm the messenger folks. I'm the messenger. They stood up for us in this last election. We got numbers that nobody believed were possible from law enforcement and from military. Basically people they wear uniforms like us. Isn't that nice. I saw this man on TV just now, you. I just saw him on television. He said I love Trump. Let Trump do what he has to do. That's my guy right there. Come here. Come here. No, I just. I'm coming in. That's okay. Let him up. I'm not worried about him. I'm only worried he's going to give me a kiss. I'm not worried about anything else. This guy is so great. He was one of many people. They're interviewing people in the line. And I have to say, there was a tiny group of protesters out there and they were given as much publicity as this massive room packed with people, but they interviewed this man. Come on up here. Come on up. Guy was great. Hop over the fence. Come on. He can do it. He's in good shape. Look at him. Look at this guy. Come on. This guy is great. Don't worry about him. No, no. Come here. They're going to — come on up. Come here. This guy. So he's been all over television saying the best things and I see him standing and didn't you get here at like 4 in the morning. Greg Huber I did sir. Trump Say a couple of words to this crowd. Huber Mr. President, thank you sir. We the people, our movement is the reason why our President of the United States is standing here in front of us today. When President Trump during the election promised all these things that he was going to do for us, I knew he was going to do this for us. Thank you so much, sir. Trump A star is born. Huber A star is born. That's fine. Trump I wouldn't say that Secret Service was thrilled with that, but we know our people, right? We know our people. Great guy. And so many others. I see some others. Being interviewed. I see them over here. They started. They came at 4 in the morning. The media will give them no credit. The media, as I told you, won't show this crowd. All the way outside of this — this is a big a hanger as you get. All the way outside. Way back to the fences. Amazing. I want to thank you, but I want to thank everybody. I've directed the Department of Justice to take a firm, firm stance to protect our cops, sheriffs, and police from crimes of violence against them. We will work with our police not against our police, our police do a great job and they've never been troubled like they're troubled now. It's very unfair what's happening. So we want to cherish our law enforcement. We will always protect those who protect us. We've directed the creation of a task force for reducing violent crime in America, including our inner cities. We're going to make our inner cities safe again. Look at what's going on. Look at what's happening in Chicago. Hundreds of shootings, hundreds of deaths. I'll tell you what's happening in Chicago and many other places. Safety is a civil right. And we will fight to make America totally safe again. I've ordered the Department of Homeland Security and the Department of Justice to coordinate on a plan to destroy transnational criminal cartels which are all over the United States and we are going to stop the drugs from pours into your country, into your community, into your cities and poisoning our youth. We're stopping it. We're stopping it. We've taken historic action to secure the southern border and I've ordered the construction of a great border wall, which will start very shortly. And I've taken decisive action to keep radical Islamic terrorist the hell out of our country. So you probably read where we want to enforce the laws as existing. And so we signed an order a couple of weeks ago, and it was taken over by a court originally by a judge and then a — yes, it's very sad. The reason is for protection and safety. So the statute is so plain and so clear. I said last week, I was speaking to a great group of sheriffs, the sheriffs group in Washington, and I said if you have a college education, you can understand its. If you have a high school education, you can understand it. If you were a bad student in high school, you can understand it. I was told. I'll check, but I found it hard to believe, over 30-page decision by the appellate court. Three judges. And you could tell by the way they were reacting because it was broadcast on television. Everything we do gets a lot of people watching. So you could tell by the way that phone call went, wasn't looking good. When they wrote their decision, as I understand it. Maybe I'm wrong. They didn't write the statute they were making the decision about because every word of the statute is a total kill for the other side. So I thought I would read it. And here's what it says. This is what it says: “Whenever the President finds that the entry of any aliens or any class of aliens into the United States” — okay. So essentially. Whenever somebody comes into the United States. Right. “If it would be detrimental to the interest of the United States” — okay. Now you know the country's we're talking about and these were countries picked by Obama. They weren't even picked. They were picked by Obama. “He may,” so the President may, “by proclamation and for such period as he shall deem necessary” — now, because it should have said he or she, right. They were not politically correct when they drew this. In fact, that's the only thing that was actually wrong with it. He or she. I don't think the women care too much about that. Right? I don't think so. By the way, we did very well with women. You know, my wife said when some of these phony polls were put out, the CNN poll was so far off, the phony polls. When some of these, she said, what's wrong with you and women. We did very nicely with women. We did nicely with a lot of groups they didn't think we were going to do so nicely with. I guess we had to. That's why we're all here tonight. Right? So and it goes, “for such as he shall seem necessary suspend the entry of all aliens or any class of aliens as immigrants or nonimmigrants or impose on aliens any restriction he may deem to be appropriate.” So basically it says the president has the right to keep people out if he feels it's not in the best interest of our country. Right? Unbelievable. Unbelievable. And I listened to these judges talk and talk and talk. So unfair. So we'll be doing something over the next couple of days. We don't give up. We never give up. We had a court that I disagree with. I disagree with big league — and by the way, whether you read it or whether you watch it on television when other lawyers come on, many of them can't even understand. They're saying how do you come up with that decision. It cannot be more simple. So they're ruling on what I just read you and they don't even quote it in their ruling because you can't because it's too obvious. So we will do something next week. I think you'll be impressed. Let's see what happens. Here's the bottom line. We've got to keep our country safe. You look at what's happening. We've got to keep our country safe. You look at what's happening in Germany, you look at what's happening last night in Sweden. Sweden, who would believe this. Sweden. They took in large numbers. They're having problems like they never thought possible. You look at what's happening in Brussels. You look at what's happening all over the world. Take a look at Nice. Take a look at Paris. We've allowed thousands and thousands of people into our country and there was no way to vet those people. There was no documentation. There was no nothing. So we're going to keep our country safe. And we all have heart, by the way. And what I want to do is build safe zones in Syria and other places so they can stay there and live safely until their cities and their country, that mess that I was left by Obama and everybody else — folks, we were left a mess like you wouldn't believe, but we're going to build safe zones. We're going to have those safe zones. We do owe $20 trillion. Okay. So we're going to have the gulf states pay for those safe zones. They've got nothing, but money. We're going to do it that way instead of taking massive numbers. Tens the of thousands of people into our country and we don't know anything about those people. We want people to come into our country, but we want people that love us. We want people that can cherish us and the traditions of our country. We want people that are going to be great for our country. We don't want people with bad, bad ideas. We don't want that. I've also directed the defense community headed by General, now — you know, he said it, he said it — and now Secretary ‘Mad Dog’ Mattis, to develop a plan to totally destroy ISIS. I have ordered the department of defense to begin plans for the great rebuilding of the united states military. We will pursue peace through strength. Our military is badly depleted. You have planes in the military. Where the father flew them and now the son is flying them. Their so old. We make the best equipment anywhere in the world. We're going to start using our best and most modern equipment. And we're going to make sure our veterans have the care they need when they come home. We love our veterans. We're going to do a great job for our veterans. Our veterans have been very, very sadly treated. These are our great great people. We owe them so much. Our veterans are going to be taken care of for once and for all. Our system and our country has led down our veterans. We are not going to let that go on any further. You wait and you see what we're going to be doing for our great veterans. Thank you veterans. Who is here? Who is a veteran? We're going to take care of our veterans. We're going to downsize the bloated, bloated bureaucracy which make the government lien and accountable. We're going to drain the swamp in Washington, D.C. I've already imposed a five year lobbying ban on the executive branch officials and lifetime ban on lobbying for a foreign government. And there's another major promise I have kept to the American people. I've nominated a fantastic justice to replace the late great Justice Scalia. His name is Judge Neil Gorsuch. He comes from my list of 20 very, very highly qualified judges. He's incredible and has an incredible resume. He's respected by all. His education is as good as it can get. His writings are truly amazing. He will be a true, true defender of our constitution. So let's tell the Senate Democrats to support his nomination for the good of the country because what's happening with the Democrats — no wonder they're doing so badly. No wonder they're doing so badly. You take a look, race after race, I just want the tell you, in case you didn't read it, of course you're reading the fake news, but the Democrats were supposed to win the presidency. That didn't happen. They were supposed to take over the Senate. That didn't happen. And they were supposed to take over potentially even the House. It was going to be four weeks out the greatest defeat in the modern history of American politics. And it was, but it was for the Democrats, not for the Republicans. So we have to tell the Democrats, because they're doing the wrong thing for the American people, to stop their tactics of delay and obstruction and destruction. They got to get on with it. My administration is also pushing ahead strongly with very historic tax reform. We are working to lower tax rates in the middle class to reduce tax rates big league on businesses and to make our tax code more fair and very simple for all Americans so it's understandable by everyone. Senate Democrats should work with us to lower taxes and bring back our jobs, but the Democrats want to increase your taxes very, very substantially. We're not going let that happen. Also time for the Senate Democrats to take responsibility for Obamacare and to work with us to replace it with new reforms that reverse this nation-wide healthcare tragedy. It's a tragedy. You look at some states, Arizona, up 116%. Your deductibles have gone so high you can never use it. Obamacare doesn't work. It's become totally unaffordable. Remember they said the healthcare, it's unaffordable. It doesn't work. And I said to the Republicans, I said you want to do something great politically: don't do anything. Sit back for two years, let it explode. The Democrats will come and beg for us to do something, but we can't do that to the American people. We have to fix it. And we will. We need members of both parties to join hands and work with us to pass a $1 trillion infrastructure plan to build new roads and bridges and airports and tunnels and highways and railways all across our great nation. You're all part of this incredible movement. This movement that we talk about so much. That's been written about on the cover of every magazine all over the world. It's a movement that is just sweeping. It's sweeping across our country. It's sweeping frankly across the globe. Look at Brexit. Look at Brexit. Much smaller example, but it's still something you can look at. People want to take back control of their countries and they want to take back control of their lives and the lives of their family. The nation state remains the best model for human happiness and the American nation remains the greatest symbol of liberty, of freedom and justice on the face of god's earth. And now we have spirit like we've never had before. It's now that we have our sacred duty and we have no choice and we want this choice to defend our country, to protect its values and to serve its great, great citizens. Erasing national borders does not make people safer. It undermines democracy and trade prosperity. We're giving it away. The so-called global elite have done well for themselves, but left working families with shrinking wages. Really they are shrinking. 18 years ago though many of you in this room made more money working one job than you're making right now working two and three jobs. Instead of peace, we've seen wars that never end and conflicts that never seem to go away. We don't fight to win. We fight politically correct wars. We don't win anymore. We don't win at trade. We don't win in any capacity. We don't win anymore. We're going to start winning again. Believe me. And we have the chance now working together to deliver change for the ages. This will be change for the ages. Change like never before. To pursue real peace, real stability, and real prosperity. We want to secure our borders and protect our workers. To rebuild our military and our infrastructure. To fix our schools and restore safety to our neighborhoods. To bring hope and opportunity to our inner cities. To ensure a level playing field for all women in the workforce. To reform our tax code and remove the regulations that undermine growth and innovation. And to replace chaos and distrust with community and cooperation. The tired echoes of yesterday's fights. We're fighting battles that no longer help us. We're fighting battles that other people aren't treating us fairly in the fight. I'm a NATO fan, but many of the countries in NATO, many of the countries that we protect, many of these countries are very rich countries. They're not paying their bills. They're not paying their bills. They have to help us. No longer are we chained down by the discredited approaches of the past. No longer must we listen to those who have nothing to brag about, but failure. New circumstances demand new solutions. Americans have fought and won wars together. Our heroes have shed their blood together and lost their lives. Our citizens have raised their children together, fought for justice together, and shared common hopes and dreams from one generation to the next. Stretching back to the first day of our American independence. This is our legacy. It belongs to all of you. And it belongs to every man, woman, and child in our nation. Now is the time to call upon these deep ties in the name of bold acts. Let us move past the differences party and find a new loyalty rooted deeply in our country. We are all brothers and all sisters. We share one home. One destiny and one glorious American flag. We are united together by history and by providence. We will make America strong again. I promise. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again. Greater than ever before. May God bless you, and may God bless the United States of America! Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. View Comments 0 Most Read Palm Beach County mugshots: Arrest photos from Palm Beach County Photos - Melania Trump and Peng Liyuan at Bak Middle School of Arts Photos: Inside Mar-a-Lago, Donald Trump's home in Palm Beach, Florida Things To Do Add Event + See More Weather and Traffic 65 33401 0 Most Read Palm Beach County mugshots: Arrest photos from Palm Beach County Photos - Melania Trump and Peng Liyuan at Bak Middle School of Arts Photos: Inside Mar-a-Lago, Donald Trump's home in Palm Beach, Florida Things To Do Add Event + See More More from palmbeachpost.com Topics News Sports Life News 'Messages From Mom' on freeway signs aim to curb distracted driving Sports 2017 Frozen Four Championship, FINAL: Denver 3, Minnesota-Duluth 2 Northern PBC Gardens police targeting PGA, Northlake to make walkers, bikers safer News Palm Beach Post editorial cartoon: April 10 Things to Do TO DO LIST: Boston the band; Egg hunt; yoga at Manatee Lagoon News Delta hopes to catch up on days of delays by Sunday afternoon Follow us: Facebook Twitter Top Full Site Index Visitor Agreement Privacy Policy Contact Us ©2017 Cox Media Group Close SECTIONS NEWS SPORTS LIFE NEIGHBORHOODS CLASSIFIEDS THINGS TO DO VIDEOS PARTNERS FIND N SAVE KUDZU AUTOTRADER VALPAK PALM BEACH DAILY NEWS IDEABAR DIGITAL SERVICES SHORTCUTS OBITUARIES PLACE A CLASSIFIED AD CONTACT US CLASSIFIEDS REAL ESTATE JOBS AUTOS ADVERTISE WITH US PLACE AN ANNOUNCEMENT DIGITAL PRODUCTS CUSTOMER CARE SUBSCRIBE FUN GAMES FOLLOW US MOBILE ALERTS NEWSLETTERS FACEBOOK TWITTER INSTAGRAM YOUTUBE PINTEREST UTILITIES ARCHIVES MEMBER CENTER WEATHER TRAFFIC MAP PUBLIC NOTICES GALLERY PALM BEACH NEWSPAPERS IN EDUCATION REPRINTS / LICENSING INTERNSHIPS PRODUCTS PalmBeachPost.com - Get Palm Beach County's News Now myPalmBeachPost - Explore Exclusive Digital Extras and More ePaper - Read Today's Paper The Palm Beach Post - Real News Starts HereSubscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: 3 Embarrassingly Low Dividend Stocks Why do Disney, NVIDIA, and Oracle pay such low dividends? Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Apr 7, 2017 at 7:20PM Paying generous dividends is a classic way for companies to attract stable investors. But just because a company can afford to pay big dividends doesn't mean that it ever will. Let's take a look at three companies that have low payout ratios but still pay paltry dividends that are lower than the S&P 500's yield of 2%. Disney Disney (NYSE:DIS) is one of of my favorite big-brand stocks. Its movie pipeline dominates theaters with Pixar, Marvel, Star Wars, and its own branded films. Its theme park network is expanding with a new resort in China, new lands for its American parks, and a growing fleet of cruise ships. The TV business, which has been a soft spot in recent quarters, is gradually evolving with new streaming partnerships and investments. Image source: Pixabay. Analysts expect the House of Mouse to respectively grow its sales and earnings by 2% and 4% this year -- not huge growth numbers but solid ones for a mature media company. Yet Disney's dividend has always disappointed me. Its forward yield of 1.4% is well below the market average, although it's hiked that dividend annually for seven straight years. Over the past 12 months, Disney spent just 27% of its earnings and 30% of its free cash flow (FCF) on dividends -- indicating that it could easily double its dividend to attract more income investors. NVIDIA Chipmaker NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA) soared 220% in 2016 on surging demand for its gaming GPUs, data center GPUs, and automotive CPUs. The strength of those three businesses respectively boosted NVIDIA's revenue and GAAP earnings by 38% and 138% in fiscal 2017. However, that growth is expected to cool off this year with 16% sales growth and 10% earnings growth. Major headwinds include the expiration of a graphics cross-licensing deal with Intel, which contributed $66 million in "free" revenue every quarter, renewed competition from AMD in gaming GPUs, and the consolidation of the automotive chip market. NVIDIA's GTX 1080 Ti GPU. Image source: NVIDIA. That's why NVIDIA shares have dropped 6% since the beginning of the year. Income investors are also likely shunning the stock's tiny forward dividend yield of 0.5%. NVIDIA hiked its dividend annually for four straight years, but it spent just 19% of its earnings and 17% of its FCF on those payments over the past 12 months. Oracle Like many other aging tech companies, Oracle (NYSE:ORCL) has been investing in higher-growth cloud businesses to offset slower growth at its aging database and hardware units. That turnaround effort has been sluggish -- its total cloud revenue rose 62% annually and accounted for 13% of its top line last quarter, but analysts still expect its revenue and earnings to both rise just 1% this year. Oracle's forward yield of 1.4% is much lower than the yield of comparable mature tech companies with comparable growth rates -- IBM has a yield of 3.2%, and Cisco has a yield of 3.4%. Oracle only spent 28% of its earnings and 21% of its FCF on dividends over the past 12 months, which looks downright stingy next to IBM's earnings-based payout ratio of 44% and Cisco's ratio of 54%. Are these companies just being stingy? It's easy to claim that Disney, NVIDIA, and Oracle are shortchanging income investors, but there are two other big factors at play. First, companies that want to grow through investments and acquisitions don't like dedicating too much of their cash to dividends. This is especially true for Disney, which spent over $15 billion to buy Pixar, Marvel, and Lucasfilm. Second, all three companies spent more of their FCF on buybacks than dividends over the past 12 months. Eighty-seven percent of Disney's FCF, 49% of NVIDIA's FCF, and 29% of Oracle's FCF were all spent on buybacks during that period. Those were all fairly smart moves, since all three stocks have risen over the past year. The key takeaways I doubt Disney, NVIDIA, and Oracle will pay demonstrably higher dividends anytime soon. Therefore, investors looking for stable income should look elsewhere. But that doesn't mean they're bad stocks -- Disney's still a great core holding for long-term investors, NVIDIA is a solid growth play, and Oracle's cloud investments could get the company's growth back on track over the next few years.   Leo Sun owns shares of Cisco Systems and Walt Disney. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Nvidia and Walt Disney. The Motley Fool owns shares of Oracle. The Motley Fool recommends Cisco Systems and Intel. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Leo is a Tech and Consumer Goods Specialist who has covered the crossroads of Wall Street and Silicon Valley since 2012. His wheelhouse includes cloud, IoT, analytics, telecom, and gaming related businesses. Follow him on Twitter for more updates! Follow @TMFSunLion Article Info Apr 7, 2017 at 7:20PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Walt Disney NYSE:DIS $112.58 down $0.47 (-0.42%) Nvidia NASDAQ:NVDA $100.33 down $0.43 (-0.43%) Oracle NYSE:ORCL $44.29 up $0.11 (0.25%) Read More Why Long-Term Investors Should Prefer NVIDIA Over Intel NVIDIA Corporation Unveils a New Titan 2 Stocks That Turned $1,000 Into Over $100,000 The 3 Best Machine Learning Stocks to Buy in 2017 The World's First Autonomous Race Car Is About More Than Fun Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current 3 Embarrassingly Low Dividend Stocks @themotleyfool #stocks $DIS, $NVDA, $ORCL
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Hardware Unboxed Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Hardware eurocom Eurocom unveils PX7 Pro SE mobile server Not your ordinary notebook By Shawn Knight on Apr 7, 2017, 3:00 PM TechSpot Eurocom has unveiled a new notebook computer that’s perhaps unlike any you’ve seen before. That’s because it’s technically a mobile server. The Eurocom PX7 Pro SE is powered by Intel’s quad-core (eight threads) Xeon E3-1505M v5 processor clocked at 2.8GHz on a CM236 server chipset alongside up to 64GB of ECC DDR4-2133 RAM and up to an Nvidia Quadro M5500 graphics card (8GB of GDDR5 VRAM). It packs a 17.3-inch FHD (1,920 x 1,080 resolution) IPS matte display, support for four M.2 solid state drives (two of which are PCIe) and a standard 2.5-inch drive (RAID 0/1/5 is supported). The optical drive can also be removed and replaced with another 2.5-inch drive, we’re told. Other noteworthy features include a Killer E2400 Gigabit Ethernet controller, a built-in 9-cell / 7500mAh / 83.25Wh UPS that provides 1.5 hours of backup power, six USB 3.0 ports, DisplayPort 1.2, HDMI 1.4 and more. You can load up Microsoft’s Server 2012R2, Windows 7 or Windows 8.1 as well as Linux / Ubuntu. The PX7 Pro SE measures 17.1 inches x 11.8 inches x 1.9 inches and tips the scales at 8.4 pounds. Eurocom hasn’t yet said how much the PX7 Pro SE will sell for or when it’ll be available. Related Reads Asus' new ZenBook Pro UX501 touted as the latest MacBook Pro killer InFocus unveils the Kangaroo Mobile Desktop Pro Samsung SSD 950 Pro M.2 performance preview 5 comments 116 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… JEDEC's DDR5 standard will double bandwidth and density Intel's first consumer-grade Optane SSD will be super-speedy, and super-small How much faster is a modern workstation for Adobe Photoshop CC 2017? Popular 17 comments SimCity 2000 is the Most Important Game I've Ever Played 24 comments AMD's Ryzen 5 can be stably overclocked to 4 GHz Load Comments 5 ... User Comments: 5 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 8 PC build 28 I can no longer hear voices, only background sounds 7 Which case would you put the 32 thread monster in? 21 A desktop in a laptop: Where to find? 10 3 monitors problem Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise
  Guru3D.com Forums > General Chat > Frontpage news ryzen 5 shines in early review User Name Remember Me? Password Frontpage news Perhaps you have some news to report or want to check out the latest Guru3D headlines and comment ? Check it in here. Search Forums Show Threads   Show Posts Advanced Search Tag Search Go to Page...   Thread Tools Display Modes ryzen 5 shines in early review   (#1) arakisb Newbie   Videocard: vega Processor: zen Mainboard: Memory: Soundcard: PSU: seasonic ryzen 5 shines in early review - Today, 00:01 | posts: 12 http://www.universityherald.com/arti...view-video.htm     arakisb View Public Profile Find all posts by arakisb     (#2) Loophole35 Ancient Guru   Videocard: 1070 SC Processor: 2600k@4.8 w/ NH-D15S Mainboard: P8Z77-V Memory: G-Skills ddr3 16GB@1866 Soundcard: SoundBlaster Z PSU: TX850 Today, 01:53 | posts: 7,706 | Location: FLA,USA Slanted opinion puff piece. Even said that it only won in Doom and BF1. Guess what Ryzen wools well in those games. It's worded weird but they even say that the 7700k beats it in most games. Don't get me wrong Ryzen is a great CPU but it is not the Intel killer AMD fanboys hoped for and are still trying to claim it is.     Loophole35 View Public Profile Find all posts by Loophole35   (#3) Aura89 Ancient Guru     Videocard: MSI 1080 Ti GAMING X 11G Processor: AMD 7 1700x Mainboard: Asus ROG Crosshair VI Memory: 2x8GB G.Skill 3200Mhz Soundcard: Asus STX II/DT 990 Pro PSU: EVGA SuperNOVA 750 G2 Today, 02:02 | posts: 5,830 | Location: USA Quote: Originally Posted by Loophole35 it is not the Intel killer AMD fanboys hoped for and are still trying to claim it is. From price, is absolutely is, from performance, it depends in that situation.     Aura89 View Public Profile Find all posts by Aura89   (#4) -Tj- Ancient Guru     Videocard: ZOTAC GTX980Ti Amp!Omega Processor: Intel i7 4770K OC 4.7GHz Mainboard: ASUS Z87 Deluxe 2103 Memory: DDR3 G.skill 16GB 2400MHz Soundcard: X-Fi Titanium HD @Bose A5 PSU: Nitro88+ 650W 52A Today, 02:08 | posts: 13,570 | Location: Proxima \/82 ^ That's one killer system overhaul you got there, congrats     -Tj- View Public Profile Find all posts by -Tj-     (#5) Agonist Maha Guru     Videocard: R9 Fury Nitro OC Processor: i7 3930k@ 4.1 H100i Mainboard: ASUS P9X79 PRO Memory: HyperX 1866 16GB DDR3 Soundcard: Asus Xonar DXG X-540 5.1 PSU: OCZ Fata1ty 1000w Today, 02:09 | posts: 2,165 | Location: Tennessee Quote: Originally Posted by Loophole35 Slanted opinion puff piece. Even said that it only won in Doom and BF1. Guess what Ryzen wools well in those games. It's worded weird but they even say that the 7700k beats it in most games. Don't get me wrong Ryzen is a great CPU but it is not the Intel killer AMD fanboys hoped for and are still trying to claim it is. Why does it have to be AMD 'fanboys" that have to hope it was an intel killer. I was hoping it would be and its close enough. I hate any and all fanboy logic from any side. Intel prices on old tech that should not be priced what it is even after ryzen launch is just crap.     Agonist View Public Profile Find all posts by Agonist   (#6) Corrupt^ Ancient Guru     Videocard: ASUS 1080GTX STRIX Processor: Core i7 5820K Mainboard: ASUS X99-A/USB 3.1 Memory: Kingston HypX 16GB 3Ghz Soundcard: Essence STXII Senn. HD650 PSU: Super Flower 1200W Today, 02:10 | posts: 6,526 | Location: Belgium Time will tell. If games start to use more then 4 cores then it will become very interesting, if not, it will be more like "meh, they finally caught up though".     Corrupt^ View Public Profile Find all posts by Corrupt^   (#7) airbud7 Ancient Guru     Videocard: MSI RX 480 ARMOR 4G OC Processor: i7-2600k (Thanks sykozis) Mainboard: ASRock H61icalf Memory: 8GB G.S DDR3 1600 --TK-- Soundcard: Xonar DX PSU: PC Power&Cooling S61EPS Today, 02:45 | posts: 3,863 | Location: Beech Island SC,USA Wonder what upcoming i7-8700k says about this?...     airbud7 View Public Profile Find all posts by airbud7   (#8) Agonist Maha Guru     Videocard: R9 Fury Nitro OC Processor: i7 3930k@ 4.1 H100i Mainboard: ASUS P9X79 PRO Memory: HyperX 1866 16GB DDR3 Soundcard: Asus Xonar DXG X-540 5.1 PSU: OCZ Fata1ty 1000w Today, 02:56 | posts: 2,165 | Location: Tennessee Quote: Originally Posted by Corrupt^ Time will tell. If games start to use more then 4 cores then it will become very interesting, if not, it will be more like "meh, they finally caught up though". Honestly I see many games already using 8 threads quite well and see some using all of my 12 threads.     Agonist View Public Profile Find all posts by Agonist   (#9) airbud7 Ancient Guru     Videocard: MSI RX 480 ARMOR 4G OC Processor: i7-2600k (Thanks sykozis) Mainboard: ASRock H61icalf Memory: 8GB G.S DDR3 1600 --TK-- Soundcard: Xonar DX PSU: PC Power&Cooling S61EPS Today, 03:06 | posts: 3,863 | Location: Beech Island SC,USA Quote: Originally Posted by Agonist Honestly I see many games already using 8 threads quite well and see some using all of my 12 threads. So the game runs faster than 7700k?....     airbud7 View Public Profile Find all posts by airbud7   (#10) PrMinisterGR Ancient Guru     Videocard: Sapphire 7970 Quadrobake Processor: Core i7 2600k@4.5GHz Mainboard: Sapphire Pure Black P67 Memory: Corsair Vengeance 16GB Soundcard: ASUS Xonar D2X PSU: EVGA SuperNova 750 G2 Today, 03:28 | posts: 6,262 Quote: Originally Posted by airbud7 Wonder what upcoming i7-8700k says about this?... The six core Cannonlakes are still a while to come, and three months after then the second generation Zen will come out. Also trying to be a bit less of a fanboy of a monopoly, would help your pocket first I guess since Intel CPUs are the bestest in all possible universes, everybody should quit trying and go home. The "article" is an equally opinionated piece of crap, and one of the reasons that people stop having actual technical conversations any more. I sincerely hope nobody took it seriously.     PrMinisterGR View Public Profile Find all posts by PrMinisterGR   (#11) airbud7 Ancient Guru     Videocard: MSI RX 480 ARMOR 4G OC Processor: i7-2600k (Thanks sykozis) Mainboard: ASRock H61icalf Memory: 8GB G.S DDR3 1600 --TK-- Soundcard: Xonar DX PSU: PC Power&Cooling S61EPS Today, 03:58 | posts: 3,863 | Location: Beech Island SC,USA Quote: Originally Posted by PrMinisterGR I guess since Intel CPUs are the bestest in all possible universes, everybody should quit trying and go home. . Intel CPUs are the Best!....If you got the $$$     airbud7 View Public Profile Find all posts by airbud7 « Previous Thread | Next Thread » Thread Tools Show Printable Version Display Modes Linear Mode Switch to Hybrid Mode Switch to Threaded Mode Posting Rules You may not post new threads You may not post replies You may not post attachments You may not edit your posts BB code is On Smilies are On [IMG] code is On HTML code is Off Forum Rules Forum Jump User Control Panel Private Messages Subscriptions Who's Online Search Forums Forums Home General Chat     The Guru's Pub     Folding@Home - Join Team Guru3D !     Frontpage news     Digital Photography, Home and Portable Electronics     Tablets and Smart Phones     The HTPC, HDTV & Ultra High Definition section Videocards     Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce     Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce Drivers Section     Videocards - AMD Radeon     Videocards - AMD Radeon Catalyst Drivers Section     Videocards - 3dfx     Videocards vs General Purpose - NVIDIA Ageia PhysX, GPGPU etc.     3D Stereo Gaming Section     Benchmark Mayhem Hardware     General Hardware     Die-hard Overclocking & Case Modifications      Computer Monitor Forum     Soundcards, Speakers HiFI & File formats     SSD and HDD storage     Processors and motherboards AMD     Processors and motherboards Intel     Network questions and troubleshooting     Laptops & Notebooks Affiliates     Rivatuner Generic Discussion forum         RivaTuner Advanced Discussion forum     MSI AfterBurner Overclock Application Discussion forum     MSI AfterBurner Private Beta access     Guru of 3D Clan General     Games, Gaming & Game-demos     Game Tweaks and Modifications     Consoles & console games     Operating Systems     General Software and Applications     Hardware Reviews and News     Programming/Html     Links Powered by vBulletin® Copyright ©2000 - 2017, Jelsoft Enterprises Ltd. vBulletin Skin developed by: vBStyles.com Copyright (c) 1995-2014, All Rights Reserved. The Guru of 3D, the Hardware Guru, and 3D Guru are trademarks owned by Hilbert Hagedoorn. -- Aria -- Dark -- Fast Contact Us - The Guru of 3D - Archive - Privacy Statement - Top
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 April 2017 by Military News ZEISS and ASML Strengthen Partnership for Next Generation of EUV Lithography Due in Early 2020s ASML buys 24.9% of ZEISS subsidiary Carl Zeiss SMT for EUR 1 billion in cash Start of development of entirely new High NA optical system for the future generation of EUV ASML supports Carl Zeiss SMT`s R&D and capex for approximately EUR 760 million over the next 6 years VELDHOVEN, the Netherlands/OBERKOCHEN, Germany – 3 November 2016 – Netherlands-based ASML Holding NV, one of the world’s leading chip industry equipment providers, and Germany-based Carl Zeiss SMT, a business group of Carl Zeiss AG (ZEISS), have agreed to strengthen their long-standing and successful partnership in the semiconductor lithography business. The main objective of this agreement is to facilitate the development of the future generation of Extreme Ultraviolet (EUV) lithography systems due in the first few years of the next decade. This technology will enable the semiconductor industry to produce much higher performance microchips at lower costs. ZEISS and ASML jointly announce today, that they have agreed on a 24.9% minority stake of ASML in ZEISS’s subsidiary Carl Zeiss SMT, for which ASML will pay ZEISS EUR 1 billion in cash. The companies stated that no further exchange of shares is planned or agreed. ASML is a key supplier of semiconductor patterning products and services used by the world`s top producers of microchips. With its high-performance optics Carl Zeiss SMT supplies an essential subsystem of ASML´s semiconductor lithography scanners and is ASML`s most important strategic partner. ASML and Carl Zeiss SMT have been in close partnership for more than 30 years. Both firms have grown strongly over the last decades benefiting from each other`s strengths. A new cycle of investments required for the development of an entirely new optical system for the future generation of EUV, expected to be provided to the chip making industry in the first few years of the next decade, has triggered the partners to take a further step in the collaboration. “In 2018 the first chips made on current technology EUV scanners are expected to roll off the production lines of our customers. A lot of work is still being done to ensure the introduction of EUV in volume manufacturing, in tight conjunction with our highly successful immersion scanners which we continue to improve. Yet ASML and ZEISS are looking beyond this important milestone. We see a long and successful future for EUV lithography in advanced chip manufacturing and with this agreement we set the right conditions for development of the next generation of EUV by ASML and Carl Zeiss SMT, so that our customers can reap the rewards of their EUV investments up to the end of the next decade,” said Peter Wennink, President and Chief Executive Officer of ASML. “With this agreement we clear the road for advanced lithography to support the new concepts and designs for future generations of advanced chips. After the many years of fruitful partnership, we see this agreement as a further strong endorsement of our long term cooperation which allows us to further expand our joint leadership that we have already accomplished together”, says Michael Kaschke, President and CEO of ZEISS. The next generation of EUV optics will offer a higher numerical aperture (NA), making it possible to further reduce critical dimensions in the lithography process. The current EUV systems have an optical system with NA of 0.33 whereas the new optics will have NA larger than 0.5, enabling several generations of geometric chip scaling. In addition to the agreement of the minority interest, the two companies have also agreed that ASML will support Carl Zeiss SMT`s research and development (R&D) for approximately EUR 220 million as well as capital expenditures and other supply chain investments for approximately EUR 540 million over the next 6 years. These investments will predominantly be allocated at Carl Zeiss SMT’s main location in Oberkochen, Germany, and will primarily be used for capacity and resource expansions, with positive effects on long-term employment at this location. Carl Zeiss SMT will remain fully integrated into the structure of the ZEISS Group as one of the major and important business groups. “High-NA is the logical next step for EUV, as it circumvents complex and expensive 0.33 NA EUV multiple patterning. High-NA EUV is a robust way for chips to scale all the way down to the sub-3 nanometer logic node in a single exposure with high productivity and reduced cost per feature. That is several generations from where we are today and underlines our commitment to propel Moore’s law,” said Martin van den Brink, President and Chief Technology Officer at ASML. Carl Zeiss SMT will pay an annual dividend to its shareholders Carl Zeiss AG and ASML. ASML expects that the minority share transaction will be accretive to its earnings before adjustments related to purchase price accounting and differences in accounting standards. Furthermore, ASML`s contribution to Carl Zeiss SMT`s R&D and capital expenditures will be taken into account in the future pricing of SMT`s next generation EUV optics to ASML. The transaction has been approved by both companies’ supervisory boards. ASML will fund the transaction from available cash, potentially supplemented by new debt. The transaction is subject to regulatory clearance and is expected to be closed in the second quarter of 2017. Update ASML Share Buyback Program In light of the investments by ASML announced today, ASML will prolong the pause of its share buy back program for the time being. As a result, the 2016-2017 program may not be completed for the full amount. Otherwise, the current program will remain in place, yet it may be further suspended, modified or discontinued at any time. As part of ASML’s financial policy to return excess cash to shareholders through dividends and regularly timed share buyback programs, ASML in January 2016 announced its intention to purchase up to EUR 1.5 billion of shares to be executed within the 2016-2017 time frame. About Moore`s law The phenomenal growth of the semiconductor industry has been driven by Moore’s Law, named after Intel co-founder Gordon Moore. In 1965, Moore observed that the number of components on a chip that could be manufactured at optimum cost had doubled every year. He predicted that this trend would continue. It was an empirical observation, not a law of nature. In the five decades that followed, the “law” has been rewritten several times, but the principle continues: chip makers cram more transistors on ICs with every new generation, making computing power and storage capacity cheaper year after year. Today’s consumers carry more computing power in their pockets than a multi-million-dollar supercomputer could deliver in the 1970s. Moore’s Law has inspired generations of engineers to push technology forward. About ASML ASML is one of the world’s leading manufacturers of chip-making equipment. Our vision is to enable affordable microelectronics that improve the quality of life. To achieve this, our mission is to invent, develop, manufacture and service advanced technology for high-tech lithography, metrology and software solutions for the semiconductor industry. ASML’s guiding principle is continuing Moore’s Law towards ever smaller, cheaper, more powerful and energy-efficient semiconductors. This results in increasingly powerful and capable electronics that enable the world to progress within a multitude of fields, including healthcare, technology, communications, energy, mobility, and entertainment. We are a multinational company with over 70 locations in 16 countries, headquartered in Veldhoven, the Netherlands. We employ more than 15,500 people on payroll and flexible contracts (expressed in full time equivalents). ASML is traded on Euronext Amsterdam and NASDAQ under the symbol ASML. More information about ASML, our products and technology, and career opportunities is available on www.ASML.com. About ZEISS and Carl Zeiss SMT ZEISS is an internationally leading technology enterprise operating in the optics and optoelectronics industries. The ZEISS Group develops and distributes semiconductor manufacturing equipment, measuring technology, microscopes, medical technology, eyeglass lenses, camera and cine lenses, binoculars and planetarium technology. With its solutions, the company constantly advances the world of optics and helps shape technological progress. ZEISS is divided up into the four segments Semiconductor Manufacturing Technology, Research & Quality Technology, Medical Technology, and Vision Care/Consumer Optics. ZEISS is represented in over 40 countries and operates more than 30 production sites, over 50 sales and service locations and about 25 research and development facilities. In fiscal year 2015/16 the company generated revenue of over EUR 4.8 billion with around 25,000 employees. Founded in 1846 in Jena, the company is headquartered in Oberkochen, Germany. Carl Zeiss AG is the strategic management holding company that manages the ZEISS Group. The company is wholly owned by the Carl Zeiss Stiftung (Carl Zeiss Foundation). Further information at www.zeiss.com Regulated Information This press release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation. Forward Looking Statements This document contains statements relating to certain projections and business trends that are forward-looking, including statements with respect to our outlook, including statements about the partnership between ASML and Carl Zeiss SMT, the transactions between ASML and ZEISS discussed herein, including the expected capex and R&Dother investments by ASML, and expected benefits of these transactions, statements with respect to the planned investments by ASML in Carl Zeiss SMT including allocation and use of these investments and expected benefits,, statements about EUV including expected development of EUV and the expected timing of the next generation of EUV systems, new investments required in optical systems to continue EUV development, expected timing for the first chips to be produced by ASML’s customers using EUV, and expected volume manufacturing using EUV and expected timing thereof and expected long and successful future of EUV lithography and expected future investments in EUV, , that customers can reap the rewards of these EUV investments up to the end of the next decade and that the agreement discussed in this release will clear the road for advanced lithography to support new concepts and designs for future generations of advanced ships, the expected NA and other features of next generation EUV products, statements with respect to Moore’s law and the expectation that this transaction will help fuel the development of Moore’s law, statements with respect to Carl Zeiss SMT, including expected dividends and that the transaction will be accretive to earnings, statements with respect to the relationship between ASML and Carl Zeiss SMT and expected benefits thereof , expected closing of the transaction [and expected funding of the transaction by ASML], and other non-historic statements. You can generally identify these statements by the use of words like “may”, “will”, “could”, “should”, “project”, “believe”, “anticipate”, “expect”, “plan”, “estimate”, “forecast”, “potential”, “intend”, “continue” and variations of these words or comparable words. These statements are not historical facts, but rather are based on current expectations, estimates, assumptions and projections about the business and our future financial results and readers should not place undue reliance on them. Forward-looking statements do not guarantee future performance and involve risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include, without limitation, economic conditions, product demand and semiconductor equipment industry capacity, worldwide demand and manufacturing capacity utilization for semiconductors (the principal product of our customer base), including the impact of general economic conditions on consumer confidence and demand for our customers’ products, competitive products and pricing, the impact of any manufacturing efficiencies and capacity constraints, performance of our systems, the continuing success of technology advances and the related pace of new product development and customer acceptance of EUV, delays in EUV systems production and development, our ability to enforce patents and protect intellectual property rights, the risk of intellectual property litigation, availability of raw materials and critical manufacturing equipment, trade environment, changes in exchange rates, the completion of the acquisition by ASML of the 24.9% stake in Carl Zeiss SMT and the performance of Carl Zeiss SMT including dividends paid in the future by Carl Zeiss SMT, the amount of investments and capex required by Carl Zeiss SMT under the arrangements described herein and the performance of the products produced by Carl Zeiss SMT and other risks indicated in the risk factors included in ASML’s Annual Report on Form 20-F and other filings with the US Securities and Exchange Commission. These forward-looking statements are made only as of the date of this document. We do not undertake to update or revise the forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious ASML Reports Record Full-Year 2016 Net Sales and Net Income – Orders for EUV Lithography Systems Show Strong Customer Commitment for Production Insertion Next PostNext ASML Obtains Regulatory Approvals for Acquisition of HMI Search Recent Posts Wendlandt Extends Lead on Day Three of FLW Tour on Lake Cumberland Presented by T-H Marine The Hidden Problem In Service of Power Kraft Hockeyville™ USA Announces Top 10 Finalists; First Round of Public Voting Begins April 11 News Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Don't Miss: IT Salary Survey 2017: Highlights What C-level leaders need to know about cybersecurity Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. What it takes to become an application security engineer Review: Amazon QuickSight covers the BI basics Smackdown: Office 365 vs. G Suite management Hiding in plain sight: 4 places to find cybersecurity talent in your own organization More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Computer Hardware Windows PCs News More high-end GPUs are now compatible with Dell's 8K monitor Dell says AMD's Radeon Pro WX 7100 will support the 8K monitor that started shipping last week Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. By Agam Shah U.S. Correspondent, IDG News Service | Apr 5, 2017 1:43 PM PT Credit: Dell More like this Dell to ship first 32-inch 8K display, the UltraSharp 32 Ultra HD 8K matures at CES, but your PC may not be ready AMD packs more horsepower into GPUs with new Radeon ReLive software Video Mingis on Tech: Diving into Windows 10 Creators Update and the future of OSes Getting 8K displays to work with Windows 10 PCs can be difficult, as Dell is finding out. But playing with 8K on PCs is a discovery process for Dell, which shipped the first-ever 8K display -- the Dell 32 UltraSharp 8K Monitor -- last week. The small initial stock of the US$5,000 display sold out in a few days. The display won't work on all PCs and needs specific hardware and display ports. But Dell is finding out that more hardware than it originally thought can handle 8K graphics, including AMD's Radeon Pro WX 7100 workstation GPU. The 32-inch display shows images at a resolution of 7680 x 4320 pixels. The monitor shows stunning colors and features 33.2 million pixels and more than a billion colors. But being first to market has its own shortcomings. The display has a 60Hz refresh rate, not enough for gaming or fast-moving video because new frames draw up slowly. The monitor is mainly aimed at applications like image manipulation, engineering, and space exploration, where static and deeper images matter more. Dell willingly admits that this monitor isn't for everyone or for all PCs. But the company is learning more as it works with GPUs, connectors, PC configurations, and drivers. There is only a handful of GPUs that support 8K. In early demonstrations of the monitor, Dell used a workstation with Nvidia's GeForce GTX 1080 graphics card. AMD's Polaris-based Radeon Pro WX 7100 workstation GPU can now be added to the small list of GPUs supporting the 8K monitor, said Michael Turner, manager for monitor products at Dell. The 8K monitor has two DisplayPort 1.4 ports, and both need to hooked up to a PC to support the full 8K resolution. A single DisplayPort connection won't achieve the 8K resolution. The PC and GPU running the monitor also need to support DSC (Display Stream Compression), so compressed 8K content can be delivered to the monitor via the two DisplayPort connections. Outside of the new high-end GPUs, many don't support DSC, ruling out 8K support, Turner said. Standards-setting organizations are developing other connectors for 8K monitors and PCs. The new HDMI version 2.1 specification will support 8K at 60Hz, but Dell doesn't have enough information about it yet to consider the technology. Intel's superfast Thunderbolt 3 connector does not support 8K yet, Turner said. New details about the HDMI 2.1 specification for 8K could emerge at the upcoming NAB Show in Las Vegas in two weeks. Turner is curious about what the 8K-compatible HDMI cable compatible will look like. But Microsoft's Windows 10 is ready for 8K, and the OS is capable of scaling to the resolution. Users must ensure they have the right GPU and the latest drivers that scale beyond the 4K resolution. Users are still warming up to 4K displays, and it may be many years until 8K goes mainstream.  An important milestone for 8K will be in 2020, with the Tokyo Olympics is expected to be broadcast at that resolution. At CES, Chinese TV maker Changhong showed off an 8K TV, and chipmaker Ambarella touted its H3 chip for drones and video cameras that can capture 8K video at 30 frames per second. Related: Windows PCs Computer Hardware Daily Briefing 10 hidden features in the new Windows 10 Creators Update You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon What Readers Like China reminds Trump that supercomputing is a race China said it plans to develop a prototype of an exascale supercomputer by the end of this year,... Why you should start using Google Keep right away Say goodbye to the MS-DOS command prompt Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go FCC reverses net neutrality ISP transparency rules The U.S. Federal Communications Commission has voted to roll back some net neutrality regulations that... Trump eyes an H-1B visa aimed at ‘best and brightest’ President Donald Trump is considering a new way of distributing the H-1B visa to ensure they go to the... Popular Resources White Paper 15 Easy Ways to Integrate, Orchestrate, and Expedite Security Operations White Paper 2017 Radicati Corporate Web Security Market Quadrant White Paper 5 Reasons Enterprises Need a New Access Model White Paper Aberdeen Report: Security Operations in Public Cloud Services - Going with your Strengths White Paper Advanced Analytics and Machine Learning: A Prescriptive and Proactive Approach to Security Go Top Stories Microsoft hikes Windows 10 savings claims by 28% Microsoft this week boosted by 28% its claim of how much enterprises can save by moving to Windows 10. ... 10 fun tech ads through the years 80 Mbytes of storage for less than $12,000! boasts one ad. In another, a woman in hot pants touts a... Review: Windows 10 Creators Update is here and worth the download (with video) Windows 10 Creators Update, the latest version of Microsoft's new operating system update, offers some... Stay private and productive with 2 new Bluetooth headphones The Sennheiser MB 660 UC and Plantronics BackBeat Pro 2 headphones let you listen to music, check out... Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Editorial Beats Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO GameStar Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Menu Home Local News Business Health Community Schools Sports Voices Bill Rauch Lee Scott Letters to Editor What 2 Do Calendar Contact Full Issues Go Bringing Our Community Together School briefs for April 6th-12th Published on April 6, 2017 in School News/Schools by The Island News Bridges Prep among top ‘School of Distinction’ Teacher Michael Glaze conducts class at Bridges Prep. Bridges Prep’s academics and academic growth earned it the “School of Distinction” award from the S.C. Charter School District and is one of only three in South Carolina recognized for excellence in both student achievement and academic growth. The State Charter School District cited Bridges for its “exemplary work” improving student academic growth and its strong performance ranking. “We are extremely proud of this honor and we are equally proud of the hard work that went into earning it, hard work by our teachers, our staff, our students and our families,” said Dee Matthews, chair of the Bridges Prep board of directors. Bridges Prep is one of eight schools in South Carolina to be named a School of Distinction, and is one of three in the state to be recognized for both high student achievement and strong rates of academic improvement. The other two state charter schools recognized are in Greenville and Rock Hill. More than 62 percent of Bridges middle schoolers met or exceeded state standards in English/Language Arts and 53 percent of Bridges elementary students met or exceeded standards for ELA.  In math, more than 56 percent of Bridges elementary students met or exceeded standards with 49 percent of its middle school students reaching that level. As a state charter school, Bridges Prep is open to all students in the Lowcountry without tuition.  Visit www.bridgesprep.org or call 843-982-7737. Holy Trinity talent show set for Friday, April 7 Students, teachers and even some canine performers will show off their talents during the Second Annual Student Talent Show conducted by Holy Trinity Classical Christian School on Friday, April 7, at the Praise Assembly of God Church in Beaufort. The doors will open at 5:30 p.m., and the curtain will go up at 6 p.m. at the church at 800 Parris Island Gateway. The Rev. Chad E. Lawrence, the school headmaster, will serve as master of ceremonies. “This is an extraordinary opportunity for students to showcase their talents outside of the classroom environment,” Headmaster Lawrence says. “I was awestruck by last year’s performances and I can’t wait to see what this year has in store.” Holy Trinity’s 275 students in grades preschool through nine study Latin, the great works of poetry, literature, art, music, history, phonics and mathematics, all within the framework of a Christ-centered learning environment. Students have come to eagerly anticipate the now annual, talent show.  “This year’s talent show is amazing,” says Cricket Harter, the lead parent talent show organizer. “The students really understood the importance of preparing for auditions. We had 34 acts sign up and we had to narrow it down to 16 for the show. It was so difficult to choose that we had to have callbacks for the upper school students.” Admission is $5. Seating is on a first-come, first-served basis. Women’s group sponsors program for STEM girls The Beaufort Branch of American Association of University Women (AAUW), along with the University of South Carolina and Beaufort County Public Schools, held the first ever STEM career day recently.   The 48 middle school girls from Beaufort County who attended had a fun day of activities with presenters from STEM careers, which include Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics. The keynote speaker was Marie McClune who is a retired engineering geologist. During the day each girl participated in three hands-on technical activities of her choice from STEM-related careers where they solved a crime using blood testing, built the tallest tower from paper, followed a Lego specification, built electrical circuits, learned about computer programming and developed mathematical equations with cubes. In addition, all of the technical session leaders explained how fulfilling a career in STEM could be as they gave real-life examples of their own experiences.   While the girls were in the workshops their parents/guardians attended discussions with experts in STEM education about how they could support their daughters in pursuing STEM careers.  Senior Scholars recognized at banquet The Beaufort County School District recently honored 42 high school seniors for outstanding academic achievement at the 2017 Senior Scholars Banquet. Senior Scholars have maintained a cumulative 3.5 grade-point average or higher, are ranked in the top 10 percent of their graduating classes and have earned the equivalent of a 3.5 GPA in all quarters of their high school courses. “These students have worked incredibly hard, they are excellent role models, their potential is off the charts, and they are outstanding in every sense of the word,” said Superintendent Jeff Moss. The banquet speaker was Jurnee Jones-Holcombe, a 2017 Senior Scholar who is May River High School’s student body president.   The Senior Scholar banquet honorees were Sam Aerni; Matthew Ball; Isabelle Boatright; Robin Bridgers; Emily Bruce; Jonathan Buck; Sophia Bursch; Michael Caramello; Hannah Cherewko; Taylor Christie; Maxwell Crisologo; Ariana Diaz; Phillip Evans; Thomas Felver; Shae Gantt; Ashton Giammona; Walter Gnann; Trevor Guynop; Savannah Heitmann; Allison Hughes; Olivia Jackson; Jurnee Jones-Holcombe; Holly Kerr; Isabella Kimbrell; Vinit Krishna; Karah Kurtz; Isabelle Lieblein; Meleena Lin; Juliette MacMurray; Briona Millidge; Ajhia Parker; Gracie Pietz; Madeline Prince; James Roberts; Carolyn Rosenblum; Virginia Scott; Clinton Taylor; Alice Ward; Haley Weber; Jonathan Witt; Dylan Yarborough; and Jorge Torres Villalva . Local students win science fair awards More than 300 Beaufort County students, all top finishers at individual school science fairs across the county, competed for honors at the 2017 Sea Island Regional Science Fair. Six Beaufort County School District students won first-place awards in their respective categories, including one middle school student who earned “Best in Show” honors: • Jackie O’Riordan (H.E. McCracken Middle): Zoology/Medicine – “Antibiotic Resistance” earned Best-in-Show honors  • Alora Orr (River Ridge Academy): Botony/Microbiology – “Powerful Nuts” • Calvin Bernstein (Hilton Head Island Middle): Math/Engineering – “Building a Life-Size BB-8” • August Rios (Bluffton Middle) Physics: “The Effect of the Water-to-Air Ratio in a Submarine to its Buoyancy” • Luke McGuire (Beaufort High) Zoology/Medicine: “Listening to Differences: Analyzing Bat Feeding Behavior.” This project earned the Rob & Melani Walton Sustainability Solutions Initiative as well as the Intel Excellence in Computer Science Award. • Maile Paulmeier (Bluffton High) Math/Engineering: “A Comparative Analysis of Alternative Heating Methods of an Artificial Nylon Muscle” McGuire and Paulmeier will travel to Los Angeles in May to compete in the Intel International Science and Engineering Fair. O’Riordan will also make the trip as a middle school-level observer. The Intel International Science and Engineering Fair, with more than $4 million in college scholarships and prize awards, is expected to draw more than 1,700 student competitors from 75 countries.  More than 7 million students competed at the local level. Board of Education revises school calendar The Beaufort County Board of Education has revised the 2017-18 academic calendar to change the first day of school from Monday, Aug. 21, to Thursday, Aug. 17. By state law, no South Carolina public school can begin classes prior to the third Monday in August, which this year is Aug. 21.   But legislation recently approved by the General Assembly allows school districts to begin the 2017-18 year on Aug. 17 because of the solar eclipse that will affect much of South Carolina on Aug. 21. Under the newly revised 2017-18 calendar, students will not attend school on the date of the solar eclipse although it will be a work day for teachers and staff.  The 2017-18 calendar still includes a longer winter break, a preference indicated by parents and district employees in online surveys last month. The version approved by the board adds an additional day to winter break, which will now begin on Thursday, Dec. 21. Local students named to Dean’, Chancellor lists Jordan Fields and Sarah Wilson, both of Beaufort, have been named to the Dean’s List at the University of South Carolina Upstate. To be eligible for the Dean’s List, freshmen students must earn a 3.25 or higher and be enrolled in at least 12 course hours and upperclassmen must earn a 3.5 or higher and be enrolled in at least 12 course hours. Matthew Morgan of Beaufort has been named to the Fall 2016 Chancellor’s List at the University of South Carolina Upstate. To be eligible for the Chancellor’s List, students must earn a 4.0 and be enrolled in at least 12 course hours. Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name * Email * Website Search Copyright The Island News - Zesty Stuff To Relish by PickleJuice Go to Top
Skip to main content Windows Central Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions Windows Tablets & Laptops Windows 10 Lumia 950 XL Lumia 950 HP Elite x3 The Xbox Lounge Surface Studio Surface Pro 4 Surface Book Cortana Shop HOT DEAL$ Digital Deals All Accessories Cases & Covers Chargers & Cables Docks & Cradles Batteries Screen Protectors AskDan! Laptop Reviews Windows 10 Help & How To Best Windows Store Apps Best Windows Store Games Apps Microsoft Insider Program Surface Surface Tips Surface Book Surface Pro 4 Surface Pro 3 Xbox Game Reviews Xbox LIVE Project Scorpio The Best Laptop Buyers Guide Editorials Podcast Deals Today's Trending Tech Deals Digital Offers Dell Laptop Deals Live Help Log in or Sign up Fewer ads and it's free! Windows Central Forums All News Stories Phone News Surface News Windows News Xbox News MSFT News Apps Games Reviews Virtual Reality Help & How To Question & Answer Contests Shop Accessories Podcasts Videos Contact us Tip Us On News Download our app! Android Central CrackBerry iMore Windows Central Tesla Central VR Heads MrMobile Modern Dad Lookin' good ASUS ZenBook Flip UX370UA pictured passing through the FCC Upgrade ALL the things Attractive ASUS Zen AiO Pro now up for grabs with Kaby Lake, GTX 1050 Silky smooth Take your laptop gaming up a notch with these G-Sync laptops Like a Beast Corsair throws its hat in the gaming PC ring with the beastly One Gaming on a Budget These five great gaming keyboards all cost less than $100 < > Windows 10 Creators Update Best Laptops Best VPN Services Best Antivirus Surface Book Surface Pro 4 Lumia 950 XL Lumia 950 Windows 10 Tip us on News! Shop: Surface Studio | New Surface Book | Xbox One S Bundles | NEW Dell XPS 13" #TeamWindows Best Windows PC Alternatives to Apple's Mac Pro By Richard Devine Friday, Apr 7, 2017 at 7:30 am EDT Apple finally "refreshed" the Mac Pro, but if you're not impressed these are some great PC alternatives that run Windows 10. Instead of a new Mac Pro, Apple just included some of its more expensive options and parts as standard in the "new" 2017 model. An all-new Mac Pro is still some time away, no doubt leaving many feeling a bit let down. The Mac Pro is four years old at this point and instead of waiting (and waiting, and waiting) how about a compact Windows 10 machine that oozes performance? Here are some of the best PCs to consider. MSI Vortex The Mac Pro isn't the only cylindrical computer on the market, and MSI's Vortex is every bit the looker. It's a tiny little can on the outside, but what MSI squeezed inside is nothing short of miraculous. At the heart, you'll find an Intel Core i7 6700K unlocked processor, which means you can get to tinkering with some overclocks if you wish. You'll also find 32GB or 64GB of RAM keeping it company, along with solid state drive (SSD) and hard disk drive (HDD) combinations for storage. Then there's the graphics. You can have a single GTX 1070 inside the Vortex, or a single GTX 1080. Both of these are terrific graphics cards, but there's also room inside to fit a pair of GTX 1070 cards if you'd prefer. Apple isn't the only company that can fit dual-GPUs inside a small cylinder. Add in Killer Doubleshot-X3 Pro networking, Thunderbolt 3 and the ability to upgrade parts down the line, and you have an extremely enticing little powerhouse. And it costs less than a base Mac Pro, as well. See at Amazon Corsair One Corsair isn't known for making PCs. This one is, in fact, its very first, but the company's reputation for quality is unquestionable. With the Corsair One, you're no longer just buying a case, you're getting a complete PC inside it. Not just a PC, either. A seriously powerful PC. And one that costs a lot less than a Mac Pro. What it doesn't have is Thunderbolt 3. But what it does have is the latest and greatest internals to make a screaming fast machine. Intel's latest Core i7 7700K unlocked processor is here, as is NVIDIA's GTX 1070 or GTX 1080 GPU. There's even an option for liquid cooling, so you get ultimate power and a whisper-quiet machine. The Corsair One is also entirely upgradeable, because it uses standard-size parts inside that sleek, compact body. Prices start at $1,800, which is reasonable. See at Amazon Origin PC Chronos Pro If you're looking for a small, powerful PC built entirely to your specifications, the Chronos Pro by Origin PC will fit the bill. Almost everything is customizable, from the exterior case color to how many drives you have and which GPU. It's also possible to build the ultimate system and send the price tag well over $20,000! That's not to say the Chronos Pro is ridiculously expensive, but there are options that go up to a 24-core Xeon processor and an $8,000 workstation-grade NVIDIA Quadro GPU. You can spend much less and get more "normal" internals, such as Skylake Core i7 processors, 32GB of RAM, GTX 1070 or 1080 graphics cards and SSD or HDD storage options. The beauty of the Origin system is that you can put exactly what you want inside your PC, as long as you're happy to pay the price. See at Origin ASUS GR8 II While not exactly subtle in appearance, the latest revision to the ASUS GR8 is small in size and big in performance. It's also a bit cheaper than others listed here, while still offering a lot in a small space. For $1,200, you'll find a Core i7 7700 processor, 16GB of RAM and a NVIDIA GTX 1060 graphics card. Throw in a combination of SSD and HDD storage and ASUS's Aura lighting, and you have a small-form PC that sparkles inside and out. The custom cooling on the GR8 also keeps it very quiet, with ASUS claiming it's up to 23 percent less noisy than comparable systems. It lacks Thunderbolt 3 but covers every other base when it comes to ports, so you're not going to be caught short. See at Amazon 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2016 Mobile Nations • Terms and Conditions • Privacy Policy • Careers: Writer | Dev • Licensing • External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
Sunday April 09, 2017 ePaper Search Subscribe Login Search The European Business daily Companies & Markets Finance Politics Opinion Specials Magazine ePaper Login Subscribe Research Partnerships premium Scientific Speed Dating in Tehran Iran has made strides in scientific studies, which German funders are keen to explore. The Robert Bosch Foundation made a whistle-stop tour of Iranian institutes to see what’s on offer. By Stefanie Kara Published on 08. April 2017, 16:00 Why it matters Why it matters Since sanctions on Iran were lifted last year, the country’s science sector has drawn international attention. Brexit and President Trump could help Germany connect with Iran’s fast-growing population of young scientists. Facts Facts Between 2005 and 2015 the share of Iranian contributions to scientific publishing worldwide almost quadrupled. A number of major German research institutes are scouting opportunities in Iran but are shy of committing to projects. Iran is looking to Europe for opportunities but has called on German universities to speed up application processes to attract Iranian students. Audio Audio LISTEN Pdf Since Iran agreed on a nuclear deal and economic sanctions were lifted about a year ago, the country has emerged as an attractive proposition on the international stage – not only for trade but also for science. German research funders are aware of the country’s growing pool of excellent scientists and eager to get in on the action. The Max Planck Society and the Fraunhofer Society have already sent representatives to Iran, while The German Academic Exchange Service, a support organization for international academic cooperation, opened an office in the capital of Tehran in 2014. The Robert Bosch Foundation – a private charity focused on supporting natural and social sciences and international ties – was in Tehran this month to meet with potential partners and scout deals for Germany. The foundation’s head, Joachim Rogall, sees a window of opportunity left by recent political developments in the U.S. and Britain – two strongholds of scientific research. “Cooperation with the United States and Great Britain will become more difficult. Now we want to attract the best minds,” he said. Donald Trump and Brexit could make Germany a more attractive partner for international scientists. “It would be unwise to take advantage of the situation.” The foundation set itself an ambitious timetable. Over the course of two days, it met with four universities, the Ministry of Science, the Iranian Vice-Presidency for Science and Technology, the Tehran Chamber of Commerce and the Iranian Venture Capital Association. First stop was the Sharif University of Technology, where the foundation met with 10 professors. Many studied at renowned universities in the U.S. or Canada. Two worked at Max Planck-supported institutes in Germany. All were well-acquainted with the Western world and most are working on internationally recognized topics such as cloud computing, the internet of things, big data, mobile government, and tissue engineering. Jawad A. Salehi is an electrical and computer engineer who studied at the University of California before working as guest researcher at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT). Mr. Salehi holds 12 U.S. patents. He moved back to Iran 20 years ago to be with his wife and is currently researching laser networks that allow silent underwater communication and observation. But before the team could hear more, Mr. Salehi was cut short by the university president as each professor had just five minutes to present. Next up was Azam Iraji Zad, an expert in nanotechnology. Ms. Iraji Zad graduated from Sussex University in Britain. Her catalog of work includes gas-detection sensors that saw the publication of more than 80 specialist papers, a project using nanoparticles to preserve a salt lake situated in northwestern Iran, single-cell chips for cancer diagnosis, and – “One minute left!” – robot ethics. Then there’s Hamid Rabiee, a computer engineer who studied in California before taking up positions at U.S. tech firms AT&T and Intel. He returned to Iran 17 years ago and founded the Advanced Information & Communication Technology Center at Sharif University. He currently cooperates with MIT, the University of California, Berkeley and University College London. After the meetings, the group was shown around the labs. A sign above one entrance featured cartoon cavemen with the slogan, “Don’t reinvent the wheel!” Yet, for a long time, Iranian scientists could do little else because international sanctions made high tech imports so difficult. Further economic restrictions over the last decade meant Iran couldn’t capitalize on its oil and gas reserves. As a result, the country invested in its human capital and promoted science and research – a unique approach in the region, and one that led to a surge in scientific activity. Between 2005 and 2015 the share of Iranian contributions to scientific publishing worldwide almost quadrupled. Iran became particularly strong in the field of nanotechnology, where researcher numbers rocketed from around 600 in 2003 to an estimated 20,000 today. The boom was made possible by a government funding program. Similar initiatives are planned in biotechnology, according to the Vice-Presidency for Science and Technology. But for all this, there are signs that Iranian research lacks quality and originality. Iran ranks 34th globally on citations per scientific article. And while Iran produces large quantities of research papers, the number actually converted into patents is declining, indicating a lack of innovation. Want to keep reading? Subscribe today, and get access to distinguished coverage of Europe’s leading economy, from its No. 1 name in financial news: Handelsblatt. Subscribe now Login Article options Why it matters Why it matters Since sanctions on Iran were lifted last year, the country’s science sector has drawn international attention. Brexit and President Trump could help Germany connect with Iran’s fast-growing population of young scientists. Facts Facts Between 2005 and 2015 the share of Iranian contributions to scientific publishing worldwide almost quadrupled. A number of major German research institutes are scouting opportunities in Iran but are shy of committing to projects. Iran is looking to Europe for opportunities but has called on German universities to speed up application processes to attract Iranian students. Audio Audio LISTEN Pdf Share This Article Similar articles that might interest you Cultural Diplomacy premium The Goethe-Institut’s Soft Power Since the late 1960s, the Goethe-Institut has emerged as a powerful soft power tool for Germany. Despite recent missteps, it's hoping to hold onto its reputation as an important exporter of German language and culture. testing times premium Questions for Europe in the Age of Trump From sanctions on Russia to the Iran deal and TTIP, Europe faces five critical questions in the times of Donald Trump, writes a European analyst at the Atlantic Council, a foreign affairs think tank. Sanctions Lifted Iran’s Slow, Frustrating Return to Normalcy One year after some economic sanctions were lifted against Iran, there are still few signs of recovery as joblessness rises and the currency slides on concerns new U.S. President Donald Trump may revoke the pact. Post-Sanction Doubts premium German Trade with Iran Stalls on Cautious Banks Even though many Western sanctions have been lifted and Iran urgently needs imports, German trade with the country is being hampered by the reluctance of big banks to provide the necessary trade finance. Eyeing Iran premium One Thousand and One Opportunities The second-largest economy in the Persian Gulf is attracting investors. But corporate engagement with Iran is not without risks, particularly amid the uncertainty over Washington's future intentions. The European Business daily Handelsblatt is your window to European business and politics. More than 260 journalists in 35 countries are dedicated to this mission. Every day, over a million people read Handelsblatt, the paper of record for the German business community. Handelsblatt is part of Dieter von Holtzbrinck Media, which also owns WirtschaftsWoche, the country’s most-read business weekly. Read the whole story Partner up with Handelsblatt Learn how Handelsblatt can help your company reach its communication targets The B2B Solution Read our imprint  Terms of Service and Data Protection Policy Newsletters Register Login About us Frequently Asked Questions Advertise with us Buy the magazine Customer Service: +49-211-8872727 · 8:00-18:00 CEST  service@handelsblattglobal.com Copyright © 2016 Handelsblatt GmbH. All Rights Reserved. COOKIE NOTIFICATION Handelsblatt Global uses cookies to make this website better. You can change your cookie settings at any time. Cookie Policy ALRIGHT
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Global 3D NAND Flash Market by end-user products, Scope, Analysis and Forecasts to 2019 ReportsWeb.com published Global 3D NAND Flash Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, April 08, 2017 ) NAND flash memory is a non-volatile storage technology that enables rapid read and write operations in memory cards. In 3D NAND, memory ICs are stacked in vertical layers which reduces the cell-to-cell interference and also provides a high capacity of 1 TB and above. 3D NAND flash provides three times the capacity of NAND flash technology. Publisher's analysts forecast the global 3D NAND flash market to grow at CAGR of 91.82%, in terms of unit sales, over the period 2014-2019. For more information http://www.reportsweb.com/global-3d-nand-flash-market-2015-2019 Covered in this report This report presents a detailed study of the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global 3D NAND flash market during 2015-2019. To calculate the market size, the report considers unit shipment made to the manufacturers of following devices: smartphones, tablet PCs, notebooks, smartcards, universal serial bus (USB), MP3s, and solid-state drives (SSDs). The report bifurcates the market on the following basis: - By end-user products o Mobile devices o Enterprise equipment o Others (smartcards, USBs, and MP3s) - By geography o APAC o Americas o EMEA Publisher's report, Global 3D NAND Flash Market 2015-2019, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report focuses on the market landscape and its growth prospects in the coming years. The report includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Request Sample Copy http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001202007/sample Key regions - Americas - APAC - EMEA Key vendors - Intel - Micron Technology - Samsung Electronics - Toshiba Other prominent vendors - SanDisk - SK Hynix Market driver - Increased adoption of SSDs - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge - High cost of manufacturing of 3D NAND - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend - Increase in R&D expenditure - For a full, detailed list, view our report Make an enquiry: http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001202007/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
/ Big Data Zone Over a million developers have joined DZone. Sign In / Join {{node.title}} {{node.type}} · {{ node.urlSource.name }} · by {{node.authors[0].realName }} DOWNLOAD {{node.downloads}} {{totalResults}} search results Refcardz Guides Zones | Agile Big Data Cloud Database DevOps Integration IoT Java Mobile Performance Security Web Dev {{announcement.body}}{{announcement.title}} Let's be friends: Deep Learning on Big Data Platforms DZone's Guide to Deep Learning on Big Data Platforms Here are my personal recommendations and things that I think you should keep in mind when it comes to Deep Learning on Big Data platforms. by Tim Spann · Apr. 08, 17 · Big Data Zone Free Resource Like (3) Comment (1) Save Tweet {{ articles[0].views | formatCount}} Views Edit Delete {{ articles[0].isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ articles[0].isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }} Join the DZone community and get the full member experience. Join For Free Need to build an application around your data? Learn more about dataflow programming for rapid development and greater creativity.  Read on to learn about Deep Learning on Hadoop Big Data platforms. Big Data Deep Learning Options You've got tons of options for Deep Learning.  TensorFlow (C++, Python, Java). TensorFlow on Spark. MXNet. Deep Learning 4 J (Skymind) JVM. PyTorch. H2o Deep Water. Keras on top of TensorFlow and DL4J. Apache Singa. Recommendations Here are my personal recommendations and things that I think you should keep in mind. Install CPU version on CPU YARN nodes and install GPU version on GPU YARN nodes. Do training on GPU YARN Nodes where possible. Apply model on all nodes and trigger with Apache NiFi. Remember that what helps Hadoop and Spark will help TensorFlow. More RAM = more and faster cores = more nodes. Today, run either pure TensorFlow with Keras or TensorFlow on Spark. Later in the year, try YARN 3.0 Containerized TensorFlow. Consider Alluxio for in-memory optimization Download model zoos. Evaluate other Deep Learning frameworks like MXNet and PyTorch. MXNet Here are the details of MXNet and GitHub for running on YARN. Cloud-ready product developed by an experienced team (XGBoost) Has AWS, Microsoft, NVIDIA, Baidu, and Intel backing. An Apache project run distributed on YARN, and also runs on Raspberry PI and constrained devices. In my early tests, it was faster than Google's TensorFlow, but not Keras. Additionally, it doesn't have as much documentation, examples, or backing as TensorFlow. DL4J (Deep Learning 4 J) DL4J is Deep Learning 4 J for production workloads. It is Keras-compatible and has JVM strength. Support from a very knowledgeable team, has professional support, and is a Hortonworks partner. Publishing an awesome book (Deep Learning A Practioner’s Approach). TensorFlow on Spark and YARN It has the strength and testing of Yahoo! Engineering on a big platform. They have the tools, engineering, clusters, and experience to get this right. I will be evaluating this soon. For more info, see here and here.  TensorFlow on Hadoop HDFS files can be used as a distributed source for input producers for training, allowing one fast cluster to store these massive datasets and share them amongst your cluster. This requires setting a few environment variables: JAVA_HOME
HADOOP_HDFS_HOME
LD_LIBRARY_PATH
CLASSPATH See more info here. TensorFlow Serving on YARN See more info here.  YARN 3 With GPU Support See more info here. References Open Sourcing TensorFlowOnSpark: Distributed Deep Learning on Big Data Clusters Deep Learning IoT Workflows With Raspberry Pi, MQTT, MXNet, Apache NiFi Self-Service Open Data Science: Custom Anaconda Management Packs for Hortonworks HDP and Apache Ambari TensorFlow C++ Image Recognition Demo Image Recognition LabelImage.java Check out the Exaptive data application Studio. Technology agnostic. No glue code. Use what you know and rely on the community for what you don't. Try the community version. Like This Article? Read More From DZone This Week in Hadoop and More: Machine Learning, Deep Learning, and Minimal Viable Big Data This Week in Hadoop and More: Deep and Machine Learning Tools, Tips, and Projects TensorFlow on the Edge: Part II Free DZone Refcard R Essentials DOWNLOAD Topics: deep learning ,hadoop ,big data ,spark ,tensorflow ,mxnet ,machine learning Like (3) Comment (1) Save Tweet {{ articles[0].views | formatCount}} Views Edit Delete {{ articles[0].isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ articles[0].isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }} Opinions expressed by DZone contributors are their own. Big Data Partner Resources Data Warehousing Trends Report 2017 Panoply Making Service-Oriented Architecture Serve Big Data Applications Exaptive Closing the Gaps in Data Warehousing Panoply How a Data Application is Different Than a Data Visualization Exaptive Architecting and Building Big Data Lakes Zaloni An Intro to Dataflow Programming for Data Applications Exaptive Using Metadata to Organize a Data Lake Zaloni THE DZONE NEWSLETTER Dev Resources & Solutions Straight to Your Inbox Submit Thanks for subscribing! Awesome! Check your inbox to verify your email so you can start receiving the latest in tech news and resources. X {{ editionName }} {{ node.blurb }} Free {{node.type}} {{ ::node.title }} {{ parent.title || parent.header.title}} {{ parent.tldr }} {{ parent.linkDescription }} {{ parent.urlSource.name }} by {{ parent.authors[0].realName || parent.author}} · {{ parent.articleDate | date:'MMM. dd, yyyy' }} {{ parent.linkDate | date:'MMM. dd, yyyy' }} · {{ parent.portal.name }} Zone Tweet {{ parent.views }} ViewsClicks Edit Delete {{ parent.isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ parent.isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }}
  Guru3D.com Forums > Hardware > Processors and motherboards Intel Decisions, Decisions: Mobo/CPU Upgrade? User Name Remember Me? Password Processors and motherboards Intel Is that Core i7 or X99 chipset giving you a hard time? Enter this forum, this is all about Intel baby. Search Forums Show Threads   Show Posts Advanced Search Tag Search Go to Page...   Thread Tools Display Modes Decisions, Decisions: Mobo/CPU Upgrade?   (#1) Rugburn Member Guru   Videocard: 2x EVGA GTX1080 Ti FE Processor: Core i7 3930K@4.4GHz Mainboard: Asus Rampage IV Extreme Memory: Corsair Dominator GT 16GB Soundcard: Sound Blaster Zx PSU: Corsair AX1200 Decisions, Decisions: Mobo/CPU Upgrade? - Today, 00:14 | posts: 125 | Location: Blackhawk, CA PC is for work and play. So if I decide to upgrade, I'm going x99. Just to give you a general direction where I'm going gaming wise, I'll eventually be upgrading my monitor to the Asus PG27UQ 4k 144Hz once released. Some general info: Just upgraded From Win 7 Pro Was using 2x GTX 780 Ti's Mobo: Rampage IV Extreme CPU: Core i7 3930k @4.4GHz The 3930k seemed to be a perfect cpu for my old 780 Ti's. Being that I'm moving up to 4k, would it be wise to upgrade my mobo and cpu? With my 2x 1080 Ti's, I'm sure I have the GPU horsepower, but I just worry my Mobo/Cpu combo could hold them back.. Also note that the 3930k sandy bridge are native pcie 2.0, not 3.0.. Could my mobo/cpu keep me going until Intel releases its next enthusiast class chipset (i.e. the x299)? I can pull the trigger at anytime for a new mobo/cpu/memory..     Rugburn View Public Profile Find all posts by Rugburn     (#2) lexer98 Master Guru     Videocard: GTX 1070 - WC Processor: 4790k@4.5Ghz - WC Mainboard: ASUS Z97-A Memory: Corsair 16Gb - 2400mhz Soundcard: Native Instrument Audio 2 PSU: Seasonic M12 750W Today, 01:23 | posts: 572 | Location: Argentina The CPU is not the problem has enough "horsepower" ... but i have my doubs about the PCI-E 2.0 your setup requires a lot of bandwitch. Maybe you can get a Ivy bridge based Xeon. A E5-1650 V2 is arround 200u$D on ebay , PCI-E 3.0 and overclocks pretty well Last edited by lexer98; Today at 01:26.     lexer98 View Public Profile Find all posts by lexer98 « Previous Thread | Next Thread » Thread Tools Show Printable Version Display Modes Linear Mode Switch to Hybrid Mode Switch to Threaded Mode Posting Rules You may not post new threads You may not post replies You may not post attachments You may not edit your posts BB code is On Smilies are On [IMG] code is On HTML code is Off Forum Rules Forum Jump User Control Panel Private Messages Subscriptions Who's Online Search Forums Forums Home General Chat     The Guru's Pub     Folding@Home - Join Team Guru3D !     Frontpage news     Digital Photography, Home and Portable Electronics     Tablets and Smart Phones     The HTPC, HDTV & Ultra High Definition section Videocards     Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce     Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce Drivers Section     Videocards - AMD Radeon     Videocards - AMD Radeon Catalyst Drivers Section     Videocards - 3dfx     Videocards vs General Purpose - NVIDIA Ageia PhysX, GPGPU etc.     3D Stereo Gaming Section     Benchmark Mayhem Hardware     General Hardware     Die-hard Overclocking & Case Modifications      Computer Monitor Forum     Soundcards, Speakers HiFI & File formats     SSD and HDD storage     Processors and motherboards AMD     Processors and motherboards Intel     Network questions and troubleshooting     Laptops & Notebooks Affiliates     Rivatuner Generic Discussion forum         RivaTuner Advanced Discussion forum     MSI AfterBurner Overclock Application Discussion forum     MSI AfterBurner Private Beta access     Guru of 3D Clan General     Games, Gaming & Game-demos     Game Tweaks and Modifications     Consoles & console games     Operating Systems     General Software and Applications     Hardware Reviews and News     Programming/Html     Links Powered by vBulletin® Copyright ©2000 - 2017, Jelsoft Enterprises Ltd. vBulletin Skin developed by: vBStyles.com Copyright (c) 1995-2014, All Rights Reserved. The Guru of 3D, the Hardware Guru, and 3D Guru are trademarks owned by Hilbert Hagedoorn. -- Aria -- Dark -- Fast Contact Us - The Guru of 3D - Archive - Privacy Statement - Top
