CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars TECH Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable MORE Entertainment Science Health Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars Tech   Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable More   Entertainment Science Health Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Chuwi Hi10 Plus Review JC Torres - Apr 9, 2017 1 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Editors' Rating: 6/10 Pros Extremely affordable price tag Dual boot (Windows 10, Android 5.1) micro USB and USB-C ports Solid build Cons No Remix OS, No Android Nougat Active but not pressure sensitive stylus Moderate but not poor performance Once upon a time, the big names in the device market tried to put Google’s Android and Microsoft’s Windows side by side on the same machine. Neither platform maker was happy and the likes of Samsung and ASUS backed out for fear of earning their ire. This gave other smaller players, like Chuwi here, to thrive in a market very few dared. The Chuwi Hi10 Plus represents one of the latest of such devices, combining the power of Windows 10 with the mobility of Android in one affordable package. But how does that tempting promise perform in practice? We take the Chuwi Hi10 Plus for a whirlwind tour to find out. Taming expectations Let’s address the elephant in the room from the start. This is no Microsoft Surface 3. It is almost too easy to compare the two, especially considering how similar they are underneath. But one is a $499 device and the other is $199. And while there could be some miracles like that in the smartphone world, it’s admittedly harder to pull off when talking about tablets, especially 2-in-1 PCs. When you put your price that low, something has to give. That being said, you will have to take the Hi10 Plus for what it is: a dual boot Windows and Android tablet with a dirt cheap price tag. It is going to be comparable to some Intel Atom tablets, yes even the Surface 3, but it is its own beast. Keep that in mind and you might be in for a surprise. Hard numbers Disclaimer aside, let’s get down to business. And by that, I mean those specs that no tech review would be complete without. Here is a quick rundown of those hardware bits that make up the brain and muscles of the Hi10 Plus. • Operating System: Windows 10, Android 5.1 • CPU: Intel Atom x5-Z8350, 1.44 GHz quad-core • RAM: 4 GB • Storage: 64 GB, microSD up to 128 GB • Display: 10.8 inches, 1920×1280 • Main Camera: 2 MP • Secondary Camera: 2 MP • Connectivity: 802.11 b/g/n, Bluetooth, USB-C, micro USB, micro HDMI, • Battery: 8,400 mAh • Dimensions: 276.4 x 184.8 x 8.8 mm • Weight: 686 g Those who keep tabs on all kinds of tablets might see some familiar figures here. The Intel Atom x5 series seems to be favorite of budget Windows 10, and some Android, tablet makers. In fact, the Hi10 Plus’ x5-Z8350 is just a notch lower than the x5-Z8550 found inside the Lenovo Yoga Book. It is, sadly, a class below the Intel Atom x7 series, like what the now practically obsolete Surface 3 has. And speaking of the Surface 3, this is where it’s hard not to make comparisons. In almost every aspect except one or two, the Chuwi tablet has something comparable. 10.8-inch 1920×1280 3:2 screen? Check. Nearly the same dimensions? Check. One key difference is that the Hi10 Plus comes with 4 GB of RAM and 64 GB of storage. On the Surface 3, the 4 GB RAM configuration is paired with 128 GB of storage. The other difference is that the Chuwi 2-in-1 has 2 megapixel cameras, front and back, that are not worth writing home about. The display is clear but isn’t exactly the brightest. That, plus the very reflective surface, makes it painful to use outdoors. The speakers aren’t any better. They sound rather flat and volume levels won’t be enough to fill a small room. You’ll most likely prefer to reach for headphones for all but the shortest sound clips or videos. Design In terms of form factor, the Chuwi Hi10 Plus is more like the ASUS Transformer than a Microsoft Surface. But still, unlike the ASUS 2-in-1s, the price only covers the device itself and doesn’t include any keyboard cover or dock. In essence, the Hi10 Plus is really just a tablet that happens to be designed with a keyboard attachment in mind. The Hi10 Plus definitely looks premium and its solid and rather hefty build reinforces that impression. The back is plastic though painted with a metal finish to make it look more premium than it really. The sides, however, are metal and the chamfered edges might cut into your palm if you hold it long enough. Not that you will want to, given its weight. On the back, you have nothing but the required brand and legal markings. While there technically is no camera bump, the way the back curves towards the edges leaves apart of the camera sticking out. And odd design and an accident waiting to happen. Most of the sides are bare. The right (or bottom, depending on how you hold it) has a lone speaker grille. The top (or right) has the power button and volume rocker only. In stark contrast, the left edge is very busy. You have all the physical ports and slots there, in addition to the second speaker grille. You have a 3.5 mm headphone jack, a micro HDMI port, a microSD card slot, a micro USB port and, surprisingly, a USB-C port. The last is where the Hi10 Plus draws power and the micro USB is used solely for data. It’s reassuring to know that you can charge the device while still have room for any external storage or peripheral. A full USB port would have been nice, but at this size, it would have been nearly impossible. On the bottom edge lies the only proof that the Hi10 Plus is meant to more than just a tablet. There you have pogo pins and magnetic holes where keyboard accessories can snugly fit in. Unlike with the Surface, however, a keyboard isn’t really an integral part of the tablet’s experience Dual boot There have been cheap Windows 10 tablets bearing these specs, and some odd Intel-powered Android tablets, too. What makes the Chuwi Hi10 Plus special, of course, is that it combines both for the low, low price of one. On one side, you have Windows 10 Home. On the other, you have a pretty vanilla Android 5.1. If you’ve ever used a dual boot Windows/Android device before, you’ll be familiar with how this works. From Windows, you click on an icon on the desktop to start the process, which will reboot the tablet straight into Android. On Android, the action to boot into Windows is in the Quick Toggles menu. Sadly, the dream of a near seamless way to run Windows and Android side by side died with the Samsung ATIV Q. Rebooting from one OS to another takes anywhere from 15 to 30 seconds. And that depends on whether Windows won’t be stuck with installing an update before rebooting. Suffice it to say, don’t rely on it too much when you’re in a hurry. This fine mutual co-existence, however, has some caveats. As mentioned, the device only has 64 GB of storage which has to be shared between the two platforms. And Windows is not known to be efficient when it comes to storage space. Fortunately, Chuwi did the sensible thing and give most of that space to Windows. Even then, of the roughly 45 GB of space, only half of that is available to the user. That leaves Android with a little over 10 GB of room, only 6 GB of which can be used by the user. It definitely feels rather suffocating. You can expand the storage with a microSD card, but be warned. While the Hi10 Plus can, in theory, support a 128 GB card, you have to be careful how you format it. Android is very picky and won’t read cards formatted as NTFS. Even those using exFAT might be rejected. Your best bet would be to reformat the card (after backing it up, of course) using Android’s own service. This all raises the question of what benefit a dual boot system has, given the constraints above. There will always be those who find both Windows and Android to be inadequate for certain use cases and wished they had both without really needing to have two devices. Chuwi’s Hi10 Plus and its other tablets are the answers to that with. Although improving, Windows still isn’t great at touch screens and mobile apps while Android, at least version 5.1 Lollipop, has a long way to go in productivity. There is one rather unfortunate note about this dual boot setup that would have addressed that last bit about Android. Earlier units of the Hi10 Plus actually used Remix OS, a custom Android experience that has been fine-tuned for desktops, laptops, and mini PCs, with its movable windows and desktop interface. In short, it’s perfect for the Hi10 Plus. It seemed, however, that stability issues forced Chuwi to revert to a plain Android ROM. While some might prefer a “pure” Android experience, Android 5.1 is woefully old and lacks Nougat’s split-screen multi-tasking. As such, while the Android side might be great for a touch screen tablet experience, it might fall short in laptop form. Performance Remember that part about taming expectations? This is where it might be needed the most. Intel’s Atom platform has never been about performance. It was supposed to be Intel’s response to ARM’s dominance in the mobile market, offering a “power efficient” SoC for Intel phones and tablets. In practice, however, it failed to deliver even on that. The one things that Atom had going for it was that it opened the doors for fanless and cheap mobile devices. Not that the Atom x5-z8350 is terrible, mind. It has enough power and “energy efficiency” for going beyond menial computing tasks. Document editing, web browsing, and the like are easy peasy. So, too, are videos, since you won’t be going beyond FHD quality anyway. With some careful planning and configuration, you can do even more taxing productivity tasks. The x5-z8350 can even handle some very constrained programming on the sides. You can, however, forget about most PC or Android gaming, unless they’re on the casual side. Or unless you’re willing to dial down your game’s settings to low. Multi-tasking is helped by the 4 GB RAM. Strangely, Chuwi clocked that down to 1066 MHz, even if it’s capable of 1600 MHz. That is part of its power-saving measures but at the expense of performance. You can clock it back up in the BIOS settings and most users who have done so have reported no negative consequences other than a shorter battery life. Despite the 8,400 mAh battery, Chuwi can only promise 4 to 6 hours of battery life on average. Again, Windows isn’t exactly known for being a battery saver. Android might fare a bit better in this regard. Chuwi advertises quick charging, though that is mostly thanks to the use of USB-C and not through any technology on Intel’s or Chuwi’s end. And even then, 5 hours to fully charge the giant battery might not sound so quick. Accessories Because the Chuwi Hi10 Plus is at a low, low price of $200, you might end up with enough room in the budget for extras. Depending on what you want to use the tablet for, these may or may not be essential to your overall experience. The good news is that they are also at the fraction of the price of comparable accessories for other tablets. That said, some of them might disappoint you. The $20 Active Stylus, for example, is advertised to allow you to write or draw on the tablet like on paper. If you presume this would be like the Microsoft Surface Pen or the Samsung S-Pen, you’d be dead wrong. This stylus would be more like an Adonit Jot Dash that has a very fine and solid tip for more precise input. It isn’t, however, pressure sensitive, just like Adonit’s stylus. It needs to be recharged as well, but any micro USB cable would do. Thankfully, no silly stylus jutting out of your tablet. You have to press a button on the clip to turn it on and press and hold to turn it off. A helpful LED light tells you if it’s on. And in case you forget to turn it off, it will do so by itself in a few minutes. Then there’s the $57 Docking Keyboard, which is exactly just that, a docking keyboard. It has two full-sized USB ports to extend the Hi10 Plus’ connections, LED indicators for power and Caps Lock, and that’s pretty much it. There is no backlighting here. No extra battery or storage either. At 635 g, it weighs nearly as much as the tablet itself but has barely anything to show for it. It does keep the tablet turned laptop from toppling over, but it would have been nice if it had a battery inside as well. Despite the wide space, the chiclet keys are small and cramped. They do have a good amount of travel that typists look for. The touchpad is plastic with a matte texture. You can click on the left or right area for mouse clicks but the touchpad also supports multi-finger gestures as well. There’s also a Keyboard Cover that mimics the functionality of the Surface Type Cover but uses a tri-fold ala the Apple Smart Keyboard to prop up the tablet in a single angle. It also connects magnetically to the Hi10 Plus, so there’s no need for charging and no need to worry about Bluetooth. This case costs $37. Wrap-up It might be too easy to say “you get what you pay for”, but too often that’s used pejoratively. In the case of the Chuwi Hi10 Plus, however, that is far from the whole picture. You’d be hard pressed to find a $200 tablet that has “good enough” specs and ran Windows 10 and Android side by side. It has the combination of hardware and software to get you through your day, be it work or play, and, with the right accessories, you can turn what is a consumption device into a creation device. Within limits, of course. Sure, Chuwi could have perhaps done better in some regards, but that would have changed the entire message of the Hi10 Plus. One of the great things about Chuwi is that it actually has a product for almost any tier and budget. And it doesn’t seem to be slowing down. There are more capable devices, even dual boot 2-in-1 tablets, but for a higher price as well. But if you’re strapped or cash and need a single device that performs both simple Windows and Android duties, the Chuwi Hi10 Plus isn’t going to disappoint you that much. Tags AndroidTabletTablet ReviewsWindows 10 Must Read Bits & Bytes Ford designed a baby crib that simulates car rides Google Pixel 2: Processor Devil’s in the Details iPad Pro Review Addendum: 1-year later, still sketchin’ The limits of semi-autonomous driving tech: We go Volvo Pilot Assist II winter testing 2018 Mercedes-AMG GT C Roadster First Drive: A silver bullet Latest Headlines ZTE nubia Z17 mini give its own take on dual cameras Apr 9, 2017 “Invoke” could be Harman Kardon’s Cortana-powered speaker Apr 9, 2017 Toyota turned a HiLux pickup into a real-life Tonka Truck Apr 9, 2017 Malware makes users play game for high score instead of paying ransom Apr 9, 2017 Physical Pong game table about to meet its Kickstarter goal Apr 9, 2017 Latest Reviews Chuwi Hi10 Plus Review Apr 9, 2017 Snipperclips review: A great Nintendo Switch co-op puzzle game Apr 7, 2017 2017 Jaguar F-PACE 35t Prestige Review: A crossover with claws Apr 5, 2017 Huawei Honor 8 Pro Review Apr 5, 2017 Moto G5 Plus Review : Budget Phone Authority Apr 4, 2017 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Navigate Home Windows iPhone Android Windows 10 Web Applications Others Security Software Antivirus Software Firewall Malware and Spyware Password Manager PC Utilities Office Suites Desktop Enhancement File Converters Free Registry Cleaner Media Utilities Media Players Music Software Image & Photo Editors CD/DVD Burners Internet Tools Download Managers Email Clients Network Tools Plugins Facebook Twitter RSS Search 5 Methods To Rotate Windows Desktop Screen 0 By Mohammad Suleman on April 8, 2017 Desktop Enhancement Featured Editor Ratings: User Ratings: [Total: 0    Average: 0/5] Here are 5 methods to rotate Windows desktop screen. Using any of these methods, you can rotate your desktop screen easily. In the following list, I have added few methods which rely on third party software, while some of them can do that using Windows native features. Using all of these methods, you can rotate your desktop screen in 0, 90, 180, and 270 degrees. I don’t know why you will want to rotate your desktop screen, but the methods that can help you do that are mentioned below. Sponsored Links 5 Methods To Rotate Windows Desktop Screen Method 1: Rotate Windows Desktop Screen using Windows 10 Display Settings The very first method in my list to rotate Window desktop screen uses  the native Display settings. And in Windows 10 you an easily find them and use to change the orientation of you monitor. Using this method, you can easily rotate your desktop screen in all the four rotations. You can rotate your desktop screen in Portrait, Landscape, Portrait flipped, and Landscape flipped. Using this method to rotate Windows desktop screen is very easy. Just right click on the desktop and then choose Display Setting option. After that, Settings windows will pop up. Navigate to the Orientation drop-down and choose the rotation method that you want. Now, hit the Apply button and your desktop will be rotated according to the rotation you chose. You can see the above screenshot. Method 2: Rotate Windows Desktop Screen using Intel Graphics Options You may be aware of Intel Graphics as it is the most common display driver software for PCs. If you thought that it can only make the computer display better, then now you need to know that it can do much more than that. Using Intel Graphics options, you can easily change various settings of your PC monitor including rotation. And also there are some hotkeys predefined in the software to do that. If you already have Intel Graphics software installed on your PC, then you can easily rotate windows desktop. Intel Graphics drivers are model specific so I cannot provide a download link to that. So, yo will have to download them from your computer manufacturer website. I am assuming that there is already Intel Graphics software available on your PC. To rotate Windows desktop screen using Intel Graphics options, use the desktop’s right-click menu and then choose Graphics options from it. After that, from the main Interface choose the rotation that you like to have on your PC. Method 3: Rotate Windows Desktop Screen using a GUI based Software Till now, I have shown you methods to rotate desktop screen which don’t need any third party software. But, now I will tell you about a freeware known as iRotate that can do the same. iRotate can rotate your desktop screen all the four possible orientations and by just a single click or via hotkey. Download and install iRotate from the above link and then launch it. You will see that it will place its icon in the system tray. Right-click on its icon and it will show the four rotation options in it. Choose any rotation option and the selected rotation will be applied to your desktop screen. Also, you can use the hotkeys (Ctrl +Alt + arrow keys) to do the same while the software is running. Method 4: Rotate Windows Desktop Screen using another software EeeRotate is another free software to rotate Windows desktop screen. The software is quite unique among all the software as it operates by hotkeys rather than a GUI or commands. In order to make it work , you just have to keep it running in the system background. And use various hotkeys to rotate desktop screen. It adds its icon in the system tray. Getting started with EeeRotate is pretty simple. Download the setup file of EeeRotate from the above link and then install it on your PC. Do note that, the software will not appear in the Start Menu or Desktop. You will have to run it by double clicking on its EXE file which can be found at C:\Program Files (x86)\EeeRotate folder of your PC. After running the software, you can use Ctrl+Alt+ arrow keys to rotate you desktop by 0, 90, 180, and 270 degrees. But make sure that the software is running in the background. Method 5: Rotate Windows Desktop Screen using a Command line software. Apart from using a GUI based software, there is a command line software known as Display, that lets you rotate display from command prompt. To rotate Windows desktop using this command line tool, you will have to run certain commands. Alternatively, you can make the batch file for each rotation and execute it whenever you want to rotate your desktop. Apart from rotating the desktop screen, you can also do various other tasks such as change brightness, contrast (Display adapter dependent), display properties, turn off the monitor, etc. To get started with Desktop, grab its EXE file from the above link and then copy it to the C:\Windows folder. After that, you can run display commands from any location of your PC. To change the rotation of your desktop using Display software, run the following command. display /rotate:90 After running the above command, you desktop will be rotated by 90 degrees. You can replace 90 with 180, 270 to rotate and put 0 for normal orientation. Final Words These were some pretty cool methods to rotate Windows desktop screen. All of these method do what they say and you can apply them on your PC to rotate your desktop. By the way, why are you trying to rotate your desktop? Do let me know in the comments below. Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn more Pinterest Tumblr Email Editor Ratings: User Ratings: [Total: 0    Average: 0/5] Mohammad Suleman A tech freak who is crazy about Windows. Knows from Registry to MS Paint, and can write about them all. Recent Posts By Me April 8, 2017 4 Free Command Line Software To See Open Ports On PC April 6, 2017 5 Free Screenshot Software That Can Upload To Imgur April 6, 2017 4 Chrome Extension To Detect And Block Fingerprinting Scripts 14K likes 2568 followers 16098 subscribers Featured Posts April 9, 2017 5 Free Video Compressor Software For Windows April 8, 2017 9 Free Windows 10 Text to Speech Converter Apps April 8, 2017 5 Methods To Rotate Windows Desktop Screen April 8, 2017 4 Free Command Line Software To See Open Ports On PC April 7, 2017 5 Free Open Source Secure Messengers For Android To Chat Securely Recent Posts April 9, 2017 Free Software To Convert Physics Units, Exchange Rates, Time Zones April 9, 2017 Different Ways To Hide Desktop Icons In Windows 10 April 9, 2017 5 Free Video Compressor Software For Windows April 9, 2017 Add Take Ownership option In Windows 10 Context Menu for Files, Folders April 9, 2017 Windows 10 Driving Game App to Drive a Truck With Cargo Over Obstacles Windows Free Software To Convert Physics Units, Exchange Rates, Time Zones 5 Free Video Compressor Software For Windows Freeware To Monitor Disk Read and Write Speed In Real-Time iOS & Android 3 Free iPhone Apps To Rotate Videos And Fix Wrong Orientation Free Parking App for Android to Find Cheap Parking Space 5 Free iPhone Video Recording App with Real-Time Effects Web Apps Free Online Audio Editor with Synthesizer, Filters, Audio Recorder 8 Free Email Forwarding Services To Forward Emails To Your Real Email Free Online Text to Music Converter to Create Music Beats from Alphabets About Us | Write for Us | Submit Software | Contact Us | Privacy Policy | Disclosure | Advertise With Us Copyright © 2015 I Love Free Software. Powered by WordPress Advertisment ad adsense adlogger
Reviews Appliances Electronics Gadgets Gaming Mobile Security Deals Gifts News Shop Reviews Audio Headphones Over the Ear Headphones Bluetooth Headphones Home Audio Home Theater Systems Home Theater Speakers Speakers Bluetooth Speakers Portable Speakers Wireless Speakers Appliances Kitchen Appliances Smart Home Automation Auto Tech Computers Computer Accessories Desktop Computers Laptop Computers Laptops for College Wireless Routers Electronics Digital Cameras Other Electronics Printers Televisions Video Cameras Gaming Gaming Accessories Gaming Laptops Gaming PCs Video Game Consoles Video Games Geek Toys Mobile Cell Phones Mobile App Reviews Tablets iPads Security Home Security Home Security Systems Home Security Cameras Personal Security Sports & Outdoors Vehicles Gadgets Gadgets for Men Kitchen Gadgets Coolest Gadgets Fitness Gadgets Services Satellite TV DISH DIRECTV vs DISH Gifts Star Wars Gifts Batman Gifts Gifts for Gamers Gifts for Geeks Software News Search on Gadget Review Gadget Review ▸ Reviews ▸ Electronic Reviews ▸ Computers ▸ Laptop Computers ▸ Laptops for College ▸ Best Laptops for College Students in 2017 Laptops for College Best Laptops for College Students in 2017 Chris Stobing Updated April 5, 2017 Shares   Dell XPS 13 Apple Macbook HP Stream 13 Surface Book ASUS X551MA Ranking Best for a Computer Science Degree Best for a Creative Arts Degree Best Durable College Laptop Best for Design/Photoshop Best Midrange College Laptop Amazon Rating Display Size 13.3-inch 12-inch 13.3-inch 13.5-inch 15.6-inch Resolution 1920 x 1080 2304 x 1440 1366 x 768 3000 x 2000 1366 x 768 Processor Intel Core i5 Intel Core M3 Intel Celeron N3050 Intel Core i5 Intel Celeron N2815 RAM 8GB 8GB 2GB 8GB 4GB Storage 256GB 256GB SSD 32GB SSD 128GB 500GB Price $942.39 $1,269.00 $219.00 $1,399.99 $315.00 Buy Now Buy Now Buy Now Buy Now Buy Now Whether it’s summer, fall, winter or spring, the need for a best laptop for college 2017 never ends. In fact, skimping on not just a powerful laptop for college, but the correct laptop for your major can significantly hinder your productivity and more importantly make or break your success. That’s why we suggest you take a hard look at your major and make sure that your laptop of choice can accommodate the tasks at hand. Not sure what those are? Speak to your guidance counselor and email your professor. If they’re an invested educator they’ll be happy to provide guidance around this subject matter. After all, the more prepared you are for the class, the easier the job. Our Top Laptops for College Picks Best for a Computer Science Degree Dell XPS 13 The Dell XPS 13 laptop might be on the pricier side, but with that you get ultrabook performance. Price: $942.39 | Read Full Review: Dell XPS 13 Review | Features: InfinityEdge display, touchscreen, Intel i5-6200U 2.3 GHz Processor WHY IT’S A TOP PICK: The Dell XPS 13 puts portability and power in a punchy, flexible package. A little on the pricier side – though cheaper than the Surface Book – Dell’s XPS13 is entirely worth it, and is truly one of the best laptops for college students in price and tech specs. With a 13.3-inch Full HD Infinity display, 4GB of RAM, 128GB SSD, the XPS 13 is the perfect mix of power and flexibility that college students need from their daily driver. The Dell XPS 13 will be able to keep up with even the most demanding tasks, whether that’s using tools like Photoshop and AutoDesk 3DS Max, or programming software like Android Studio and Eclipse. The Dell XPS 13 is also the perfect entertainment machine. With its 13.3-inch Infinity display, it has one of the sharpest images you’ll see on a portable machine. It’s perfect for the media professional, but also great for watching movies, TV shows, and even doubles as a halfway decent gaming laptop. View on Amazon – $942.39 Best Creative Arts College Laptop Apple Macbook The Macbook first got cool on college campuses, and it still hasn’t lost its edge Price: $1,269.00 | Features: Force Touch trackpad, Retina display, 10hr battery life WHY IT’S A TOP PICK: No other laptop has the same “cool” factor as a new Macbook. Although Apple and its ubiquitous Macbook line of laptops may not be the dominant force among college students these days, the company still knows how to make a solid machine that goes the distance when it comes to software integration and unique hardware tweaks. Apple still makes the Macbook Pro in both 13″ and 15″ flavors, but unless you know you’ll be doing a lot of heavy rendering or running intensive applications, the regular 12″ model should handle nearly any job you can throw at it with ease. The inclusion of the Force Touch mousepad is perfect for students who need to navigate through a lot of content quickly and easily, while OSX continues to be the operating system of choice among departments dedicated to the creative arts. If you have to run OSX for your particular program, or just want a dependable all-around laptop that’s perfect for any kind of project, the Macbook is still king with college students everywhere. View on Amazon – $1,269.00 Best Durable College Laptop HP Stream 13 The HP Stream 13 is a low-end laptop, intended for basic tasks like paper writing and spreadsheet construction. Price: $219.00 | Features: Durable shell, 32GB of SSD storage, one-year subscription to Office 365 WHY IT’S A TOP PICK: The HP Stream 13 wins on its raw ability to take a punch. If there’s one thing parents know about their kids, it’s how clumsy they can be when it comes to keeping their technology in one piece. The HP Stream is definitely the most durable (and colorful) laptop on this list, available in Cobalt Blue, Orchid Magenta, Violet Purple, and Horizon Blue. With a 13.3-inch display, an Intel Celeron N3050, 2GB of RAM, and 32GB of SSD storage, the Stream 13 is decidedly low-end, making it one of the cheapest laptops for college on our list. But what makes the HP Stream 13 one of the best laptops for college students? It’s ultra portability and the fact that it comes with a free year of Office 365, something that costs almost as much as the laptop itself. View on Amazon – $219.00 Best for Design/Photoshop Microsoft Surface Book The Microsoft Surface Book is our #1 laptop for college pick. Price: $1,399.99  | Features: Convertible design, touchscreen, 13.5″ display WHY IT’S A TOP PICK: If you’re in creative design, the Surface Book loves to get drawn on. With Microsoft’s Surface Book, you’re in for a treat. Fast, portable, and easy to set up.  The Surface Book also offers two different uses – laptop, and tablet (or “clipboard” mode). This adds to the portability, making it fantastic for the on-the-go student. With the base unit starting with a 13.5-inch display, an Intel Core i5 processor, 8GB of RAM, and 128GB of SSD storage, the Surface Book is perfect for the student that can handle the demands of Graphic Design and/or demanding software tools like CAD and Photoshop. And the ability to transform the Surface Book into a tablet is another great feature because it removes the need for another device.  It’s truly one of the best laptops for college students. View on Amazon – $1,399.99 Best Midrange College Laptop  ASUS X551MA The ASUS X551MA is the perfect blend between low-range and high-end laptops. Price: $315.00 | Features: 4GB RAM, 500GB storage, 15.6″ display WHY IT’S A TOP PICK: The X551 is a solid all-around laptop for any class you have on your schedule. ASUS’ X551MA makes our list of the best laptops for college students as its a perfect blend mid-range and is only $50 more than the HP Stream 13. Specs include a 15.6-inch display, an Intel dual-core Celeron N2830, 4GB of RAM, and 500GB of internal storage. It doesn’t have any special technology, but it’s a standard mid-range laptop that’ll handle basic tasks (and some demanding) with ease, whether that be writing papers or playing the occasional game. It’s one of the best affordable laptop for college students too, coming in at well under $300. View on Amazon – $315.00 Best Option for Students On the Go Samsung Chromebook 3 The Samsung Chromebook 2, next to the Acer Chromebook 15, is one of the most powerful Chromebooks on the market. Price: $179.00 | Features: 2.5lbs, Intel Celeron N3050 processor, 4GB of RAM WHY IT’S A TOP PICK: The ultra-portable Samsung Chromebook 3 fits inside any backpack. College students are known for lugging around backpacks packed to the zipper with textbooks that can sometimes weigh 50lbs or more, which is why sometimes portability is key when looking for your next laptop to take with you to university. Not only does the Samsung Chromebook 3 have an Intel Celeron N3050 processor, 4GB of RAM, 16GB of storage, and Intel HD Graphics, it does it all at a feather-light 2.5lbs. It also has Google’s suite of apps built-in, allowing you to put together papers, spreadsheets, and presentations online or offline if you’re out of range of the local dorm Wi-Fi connection. It comes with 100GB of free Google Drive storage, removing the need to keep any files on the machine itself. Prospective students should note, however, that with just an 11.6-inch 1366×768 display, the Samsung Chromebook 3 may not the perfect solution for streaming any sort of media content for too long without suffering from eye strain. View on Amazon – $399.99 Best Budget Pick  ASUS C201 The ASUS C201 is a compact and lightweight Chromebook, dedicated to all things Google. Price: $179.00 | Features: 13hr battery life, Rockchip CPU, Chrome OS WHY IT’S A TOP PICK: The ASUS C201 is a light, cheap Chromebook for all students out there. This Chromebook is quite the popular buy, and we can see why: it’s a one of the best cheap laptops for students. It weighs a meager 2lbs, sports up to 13-hours of battery life, and has a Rockchip 3288-C quad-core processor, making the ASUS C201 Chromebook one of the most reliable machines you can get your hands on. The aspect that sets this Chromebook apart from everything else is it’s ability to last up to 13-hours on battery. View on Amazon – $179.00 Best Chromebook for College  Acer Chromebook 15 The Acer Chromebook 15 is one of Acer’s most powerful Chromebooks yet. Price: $499.99 | Read Full Review: Acer Chromebook 15 Review | Features: Intel Core i5-5200u CPU, 15.6″ FHD LED screen WHY IT’S A TOP PICK: The Acer Chromebook 15 is perfect for work or play on campus. Acer’s Chromebook 15 is lightweight for perfect portability, has a 2.16GHz processor, and falls just under $500. Add that to the sleek, modern design and you have a solid all-around machine for any member of the family. Although the Toshiba Chromebook 2 beat the Acer 15 in screen quality, the Acer is still great for college students because it packs in just a few more of the features that kids want like big speakers to share media with their friends, and a slightly roomier display if they need to multitask on multiple projects at once. Whether you need to write a paper or collaborate in Google Drive, the Chromebook 15 will perform without a problem. And, just like any Chromebook, it comes with a free 100GB of Google Drive storage to give you plenty of room to store documents and other files while on the go. View on Amazon – $499.99 How We Chose the Best Laptops for College When looking for the best laptops for college students, we pulled from a wide range of options both in price and features to give you the broadest spectrum of options available. Just like every college student is different, so is the laptop choice that’s right for them. Some don’t need a lot of power and prefer portability over everything else, while others might require a machine that can render 3D models and watch lectures streaming online at the same time. Because laptops go everywhere with their corresponding college student, every choice we’ve made here is durable enough to stand up to punishment for all four years they’re earning their degree, but also light enough to slide into a backpack quickly and easily without any hassle. A laptop for college needs to boot quickly, run smoothly, and be able to run almost any program you can think of (in case next semester you decide you want to pursue VFX design instead of biochemistry). Ultimately the laptop that’s right for you or your kids will combine all the best aspects of a laptop into one complete package at a cost that’s manageable for your expectations. Key Factors to a Top Laptop For College Performance: There’s no need to overbuy in power. Find the right power for your needs. For instance, if you’re just picking up a laptop for writing papers, you might not need something with a large capacity SSD, a hefty processor, and 8GB of RAM..and with it a hefty price tag. Likewise, if you’re buying something for a Graphic Design or CAD class, you’ll likely need something much heftier than just 4GB of RAM and a dual-core processor. Find a laptop that meets your needs and sets you up for success. Portability: Make sure to purchase a thin and lightweight laptop. There’s nothing worse than carrying around a chunky laptop that’s awkward and heavy to lug around campus or to the library. It’s also good practice to make sure your laptop has a small footprint, allowing you to easily put it in most backpacks or carrying bags alongside textbooks and other study materials. Battery: Find a laptop with a good battery, preferably one that’ll last you all day and then some. For instance, the ASUS C201 has a battery that lasts up to 13-hours, giving you plenty of study time during the day and then some. While you might not need that much, it’s good to search for laptops that will last a little over three hours. Who Should Buy a Laptop for College Of course, you don’t have to be straight out of high school to be in the market for a new college laptop. Whether you’re unpacking your bags in a dorm away from home for the first time or returning after a long hiatus to finish up your master’s degree, buying a fresh laptop before classes start in the fall is always a solid investment. What classes you plan on taking, as well as the degree you’re pursuing should have an impact on the laptop you eventually choose to go with. If you need something sleek and powerful that can turn on instantly for rapid-fire notetaking, the Dell XPS 13 or Zenbook UX360AC should suit the job just fine. But, if you’re worried about spending a ton of cash on a laptop that not might last more than a few months without getting beer spilled in the keyboard, the HP Stream 13 and Acer C201 are cheaper, durable options that can weather any alcohol-related storm. Mistakes to Avoid When Buying a College Laptop Don’t make the mistake of buying the wrong operating system. Some school programs will specifically require either a Windows or OSX-based laptop (be sure to check your syllabus) for programs like Photoshop and Gimp. If your learning is strictly reading books, writing papers, and taking quizzes, then you might not need the aforementioned operating systems. In that case opt for a Chromebook, especially if all your activities will be Web based. Another thing to avoid is having too little RAM or hard drive space. The a solid laptop for students will have just enough storage capacity and RAM for studying, completing assignments, and play. If your degree program requires a lot of heavy duty software, find a laptop that has 4GB of RAM or more and a hard drive with 500GB of storage space or more. This will be enough to ensure that any software you throw on your computer runs smoothly without any hiccups.  And keep in mind that an SSD hard drive will increase speeds as well, especially start up time. And never buy at full retails.  As a student always be on the look for those student discounts, even if something already seems cheap! Most Important Features Hard Drive As far as Windows laptops go, and you don’t use many programs, look for a hard drive with a capacity of 256GB or higher. It’ll meet your needs and then some. If you’re a power user, look for 500GB or higher so there’s more than enough space for other content. If most of your activity takes place on the Web, then you might not need a hard drive larger than 32GB, which is just enough space for the operating system and storing a handful of documents offline. If possible, find a solid-state drive over a traditional hard drive. Performance and speeds will increase astronomically. RAM If you need to do anything more demanding than just using a web browser, find a laptop that has at least 4GB of RAM or more, ideally 8GB, especially if you plan on using programs like Photoshop. If you’re just using a web browser, look for a laptop with a minimum of 2GB of RAM. Your computer, whether it be Windows or Chrome OS, won’t even use that much, but it still ensures the speed and responsiveness of your machine. Alternatively, find a machine that you can upgrade the RAM yourself, which can save you money during the initial investment. Operating System It’s important to find the right operating system for your College program. If you’re in Computer Science or something that requires you to use Windows or Mac applications, it’s good to shy away from Chromebooks. If your studying takes place online and doesn’t require you to use any Windows or Mac applications, jump the gun and get a Chromebook. Processor A lower clocked dual-core processor below 2GHz won’t slow down your laptop if you’re using it for minor tasks like writing papers, browsing the web, watching media, and so on. If you’re in a degree program that has some demanding programs (e.g. Photoshop, Autodesk 3DS Max, and medical software), make sure you look for a quad-core processor with a clock speed of 2GHz or higher. Not only will it last you longer running these types of programs, but rendering and general speed will be a lot faster and more efficient than a dual-core CPU below 2GHz. At the same time, don’t overbuy in processor clock speed. For instance, there aren’t many differences between a quad-core 3.7GHz processor and a quad-core 3.9GHz processor. The only real difference is the much higher price tag. There’s little effect as far as processing power and efficiency goes. Display Finding a good display has much to do with the size that you’re comfortable with and need to work with. Whether it be 11-inch or 17-inch displays, they’re all good as long as they have a resolution of 720p or higher. Anything below that is often blurry and has very little clarity. You’ll want to make sure your display has a refresh rate of at least 60Hz to avoid any screen tearing or altered graphics when playing games and watching movies. The display you purchase should have built-in features for reducing eye strain, such as dimming the brightness or even having a feature for night use. This will help a lot as far as eye strain goes. Battery Some lectures can last over four hours in a single sitting, which is why you’ll want a laptop that can at least double up on two of those a day without needing a recharge. Most good quality laptops will have built-in power saving features that can stretch their life to 10 hours or more. You should be able to get a full charge in just two to three hours, allowing you to quickly get back to work whenever needed. Ports The best laptops for college students will have more than a single USB port. More manufacturers are headed towards just including one USB port, but it’s truly a hassle to deal with, as you can’t really plug in any extra peripherals or accessories without connecting a USB hub first. Make sure the laptop you buy has an HDMI, DVI, VGA, or Display Port. You never know when you might need to switch to a bigger screen, and having one of these ports will let you do that, with VGA being the most common for projectors you’d find in the average classroom. Which Best Laptops for College Students are right for you? Need something powerful that can handle the demands from Photoshop and/or CAD? Then the Microsoft Surface Book and Dell XPS 13 are laptops that are right up your alley. Alternatively, if you’re looking for something more humble for doing your everyday tasks at college and maybe a little media consumption when you have some time off, then the ASUS X551MA or HP Stream 13 are both laptops to consider. And, then there are Chromebooks, web-based laptops. Some are hesitant to jump on the Chromebook bandwagon, and might not consider them the best laptops for college students, simply because you can’t use Windows-based software on it. You might be surprised, but more often than not, we just don’t use the programs on Windows, strictly using web browsers like Chrome and Firefox for all of our computer use. Still not sure if these are the best laptops for college students? Then take a look at our laptops for college reviews, as they might just be able to help you make that final decision. Tweet It Like It Google + Linkedin Pin it Stumble Chris Stobing Chris Stobing is a writer and blogger from the heart of Silicon Valley. Raised around tech from birth, he's had an interest in PC hardware and networking technology for years, and has come to Gadget Review to contribute his knowledge on both. You can follow him on Twitter here. Sponsored Content Related Posts MIT $100 laptop is for kids The Intel Classmate Netvertible: Getting Kids Online One Laptop Per Child Commercials Will Surely Offend. Deal With It (video) Intel Classmate PC (pics) CTL 2go Convertible Classmate PC NL2 Now Available $100 Laptop Pic 5 Comments to Best Laptops for College Students in 2017 LES MEADE on I,m 67, X- shop teacher. I,m old enough to be absolutly lost when you talk about anything pertaining to CPU requirements. All I want is a 17 inch screen, fast recovery , CAD capable , DVD capable and software to write a book. I surf the net looking at Ancient history and I need the top of the line junk protection. I get so many viruses everyday that I run x2 different scans every day. AVG and Malwarebits. I also work late at night and would like a lighted key board. HP lap tops are a piece of dodo. What do you recommend? Reply Kristy on Good information! Needing laptop for first year student and this was very helpful! Reply Christen Costa on Great! Let us know if we can help in any other way. Reply NV on I want to buy a laptop for my CSE program for 4 years… I’ll do programming And play games as well…. I wanted to buy a notebook which I can use for 4 years (during my college) easily without upgrading or opening my lappi… I mean I need all specs one needed for CSE in my lappi… Please suggest me which should I buy… Thanx Reply ANUP BHARTI on Sir, I want a bye laptop on around 20000(price).for college life purpose. So plz suggest me. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website ← Previous Post Next Post → Follow us 21,393 Fans 13,734 Subscribers 11,329 Followers Top Laptops for College Top Laptop Reviews $100 Laptop by MIT Best Laptops for College Students $100 Laptop Pic MIT $100 laptop is for kids Quanta to manufacture the $100 MIT Laptop UN Backs $100 Laptop OLPC Donation Update: We've Raised $275 Intel Classmate PC (pics) The Intel Classmate Netvertible: Getting Kids Online One Laptop Per Child Commercials Will Surely Offend. Deal With It (video) CTL 2go Convertible Classmate PC NL2 Now Available Zotac Releases Zbox Nettops PeeWee Power 2.0 Tough But Underpowered Kids Laptop Meet Sol, The $300 Solar-Powered Laptop Gadget Review is home to some of the best consumer reviews online on top gadgets ranging from the best gadgets to the top home security systems, the best satellite tv networks and top ten product comparisons. Do you want to make an educated buying decision and shop online with confidence? Geek Out with the latest desktop computers, best gaming laptops, best headphones and the latest gadget news and top product reviews online. Gadget Review is also, home to some of the best top consumer reviews online with top ten consumer product comparisons to the latest gadget news, to top gadgets ranging from the top home security systems, the best satellite tv networks and expert product reviews, as well as the best product daily deals and giveaways. Copyright © 2016 Gadget Review Your lifestyle gadget site. All Rights Reserved. ----- About Privacy Terms News Categories Contact HTML XML
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Intel Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Holt Capital Advisors L.L.C. dba Holt Capital Partners L.P. Lowers Stake in Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) Focused Wealth Management Inc Sells 1,284 Shares of Wells Fargo & Co (WFC) Freestone Capital Holdings LLC Lowers Stake in Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) The Coca-Cola Co (KO) Shares Bought by Ancora Advisors LLC Hilltop Holdings Inc. Cuts Position in Intel Co. (INTC) Two Sigma Investments LP Buys New Stake in Barclays PLC (BCS) Two Sigma Investments LP Invests $164,000 in Build-A-Bear Workshop, Inc (BBW) Short Interest in Abeona Therapeutics Inc (ABEO) Grows By 9.6% Five9 Inc (FIVN) Position Cut by GSA Capital Partners LLP GSA Capital Partners LLP Buys New Position in BioDelivery Sciences International, Inc. (BDSI) PGT Innovations Inc (PGTI) Stake Cut by GSA Capital Partners LLP GSA Capital Partners LLP Sells 20,334 Shares of Trina Solar Limited (TSL) William Blair Investment Management LLC Lowers Position in Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Guardian Capital LP Has $672,000 Position in PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) Nations Financial Group Inc. IA ADV Acquires 511 Shares of General Electric Company (GE) Guardian Capital Advisors LP Raises Stake in PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) Raymond James Financial’s (RJF) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Nomura Renaissance Technologies LLC Increases Stake in Gulf Island Fabrication, Inc. (GIFI) 500.com Ltd (WBAI) Stake Decreased by Fmr LLC Shenandoah Telecommunications Company (SHEN) Position Reduced by Fmr LLC Hilltop Holdings Inc. Cuts Position in Intel Co. (INTC) April 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Hilltop Holdings Inc. lowered its position in shares of Intel Co. (NASDAQ:INTC) by 0.5% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 21,131 shares of the chip maker’s stock after selling 101 shares during the period. Hilltop Holdings Inc.’s holdings in Intel were worth $767,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of the stock. Edmond DE Rothschild Monaco bought a new position in shares of Intel during the third quarter worth $113,000. Jacobus Wealth Management Inc. bought a new position in shares of Intel during the third quarter worth $119,000. Roble Belko & Company Inc increased its position in shares of Intel by 6.4% in the third quarter. Roble Belko & Company Inc now owns 3,346 shares of the chip maker’s stock worth $126,000 after buying an additional 200 shares during the period. Fusion Family Wealth LLC bought a new position in shares of Intel during the fourth quarter worth $133,000. Finally, American Research & Management Co. increased its position in shares of Intel by 23.8% in the third quarter. American Research & Management Co. now owns 3,681 shares of the chip maker’s stock worth $139,000 after buying an additional 707 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 65.90% of the company’s stock. Intel Co. (NASDAQ:INTC) opened at 36.03 on Friday. Intel Co. has a 12 month low of $29.50 and a 12 month high of $38.45. The stock has a market cap of $170.35 billion, a P/E ratio of 17.00 and a beta of 1.03. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $35.78 and a 200-day moving average of $36.09. Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, January 26th. The chip maker reported $0.79 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.75 by $0.04. The business had revenue of $16.40 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $15.75 billion. Intel had a net margin of 17.37% and a return on equity of 20.95%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 10.1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $0.74 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts forecast that Intel Co. will post $2.79 EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 1st. Stockholders of record on Sunday, May 7th will be given a dividend of $0.2725 per share. This represents a $1.09 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.03%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, May 3rd. This is a boost from Intel’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.26. Intel’s dividend payout ratio is currently 49.29%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright legislation. The legal version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/09/hilltop-holdings-inc-cuts-position-in-intel-co-intc.html. A number of research analysts recently weighed in on INTC shares. Vetr downgraded shares of Intel from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $41.13 price objective on the stock. in a research report on Monday, December 19th. Evercore ISI reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $45.00 price target (up from $43.00) on shares of Intel in a research report on Friday, December 16th. Brean Capital reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Intel in a research report on Tuesday, December 13th. Loop Capital started coverage on shares of Intel in a research report on Tuesday, December 13th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $40.00 price target on the stock. Finally, Canaccord Genuity reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $43.00 price target on shares of Intel in a research report on Thursday, January 19th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seventeen have issued a hold rating and twenty-eight have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Intel has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $40.17. In related news, EVP Diane M. Bryant sold 4,503 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, January 24th. The shares were sold at an average price of $37.23, for a total value of $167,646.69. Following the sale, the executive vice president now owns 108,712 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $4,047,347.76. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, CEO Brian M. Krzanich sold 72,172 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, March 13th. The shares were sold at an average price of $35.21, for a total transaction of $2,541,176.12. Following the completion of the sale, the chief executive officer now directly owns 549,091 shares in the company, valued at approximately $19,333,494.11. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 193,972 shares of company stock worth $7,014,041 in the last three months. Corporate insiders own 0.09% of the company’s stock. Intel Company Profile Intel Corporation is engaged in designing and manufacturing products and technologies, such as the cloud. The Company’s segments are Client Computing Group (CCG), Data Center Group (DCG), Internet of Things Group (IOTG), Non-Volatile Memory Solutions Group (NSG), Intel Security Group (ISecG), Programmable Solutions Group (PSG), All Other and New Technology Group (NTG). Want to see what other hedge funds are holding INTC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Intel Co. (NASDAQ:INTC). Receive News & Ratings for Intel Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
All News | Boards | Chips | Devices | Software | LinuxDevices.com Archive | About | Contact | Subscribe Follow LinuxGizmos: (get email updates) Search LinuxGizmos: Search LinuxGizmos.com + LinuxDevices Archive: LinuxGizmos Sponsor ads: (advertise here) Top 10 trending posts… Latest Orange Pi offers quad -A53 cores and 2GB of RAM Ubuntu convergence implodes Skylake takes flight on industrial Mini-ITX and EBX SBCs Ringing in 2017 with 90 hacker-friendly single board computers RPi HAT add-on does 192kHz 24-bit audio and MIDI too Orange Pi SBCs offer a choice of 32- or 64-bit SoCs for under $20 Raspberry Pi based computer offers Real-Time Ethernet SODIMM-style COM sharpens IoT focus with i.MX6 ULL SoC Building a secure bootloader for the Quark D2000 and SE IoT-oriented $7 Orange Pi Zero has both WiFi and Ethernet Follow LinuxGizmos or subscribe to our posts: Follow: Enter your email address to receive notifications of new posts: Email Address LinuxGizmos Sponsor ads: (advertise here) Skylake takes flight on industrial Mini-ITX and EBX SBCs Apr 7, 2017 — by Eric Brown — 467 views Perfectron announced a rugged, Linux-ready EBX SBC with Skylake-H Xeon and Core CPUs, plus an industrial Skylake-S Mini-ITX board. Perfectron, which recently announced a rugged, 3.5-inch OXY5361A single board comptuter with Intel 6th Gen Core Skylake-U CPUs, has unveiled EBX and Mini-ITX boards with 6th Gen Skylake-H and Skylake-S chips, respectively. The rugged, EBX form-factor OXY5739A SBC lists support for Fedora 20 and Ubuntu 13.04/13.10/14.04 in addition to Windows, while the full-height Mini-ITX INS8349B makes no mention of OS support. OXY5739A (left) and INS8349B (click images to enlarge)   OXY5739A (EBX) The EBX-style, 203 x 146mm OXY5739A is designed to run one of three quad-core Intel Skylake-H processors, each with 8MB cache: the 2.8GHz/3.5GHz Core i7-6820EQ (45W TDP) with Intel QM170 chipset and the 2.0GHz/2.8GHz i7-6822EQ (25W) and 2.2/3.0GHz Xeon E3-1505L v5 (25W TDP) with an Intel CM236 chipset. Skylake-H chips are also found on Commell’s 3.5-inch LE-37I SBC, as well as COMs such as the Axiomtek CEM500. OXY5739A, front and back (click images to enlarge) The OXY5739A supports -40 to 85°C temperatures, and offers a customized thermal kit with copper heat spreader and aluminum passive heat sink that offers up to 40 percent air contact area. MIL-STD-810G, Method 503.5 shock resistance is available with the help of soldered memory, including optional rugged XR-DIMM RAM, says Perfectron. There’s also a 4-pin terminal block for the 12V AT/ATX-mode power input. “Ideal” applications are said to include defense, military, high-end automation and heavy-duty railway computers. Up to 32GB DDR4-2400 RAM is available via dual sockets, and there’s an onboard Apacer/Smart 64GB SATA uSSD, which also appears to be soldered. Dual GbE ports with WoL and PXE boot are available on the coastline, along with dual DisplayPort (3840 x 2160) and DVI-I (2048 x 1536, via DVI-D port) connections. Other real-world panel ports include an RS232/422/485 port, 4x USB 3.0 ports, and an audio I/O jack. OXY5739A block diagram (left) and OXY5739A with thermal kit (click images to enlarge) The OXY5739A provides onboard interfaces including 4x USB 2.0, isolated DIO (6x in, 2x out), 7x serial interfaces, a watchdog, a SIM card holder, and dual-channel 24-bit LVDS (1920 x 1080). Other features include 2x SATA III, a half-size mini-PCIe slot, and a full-size mini-PCIe with support for SIM cards and mSATA. A special OXY5739A-01 SKU adds an M.2 (2280 M-Key) interface. The product page also notes support for stackable “FPE (PCIe_16) and StackPC (PCIe/104).”   INS8349B (Mini-ITX) The INS8349B Mini-ITX board is full-height, but with its -40 to 85°C temperature range and 9-36V power input, it is justifiably billed as an “industrial motherboard.” The 170 x 170mm board supports a wide range of unnamed Skylake-S Core i7/i5/i3 CPUs with TDPs ranging from 35W to 65W in LGA1151 sockets, paired with Intel Q170 Express chipsets. It supports up to 32GB of DDR4. INS8349B, front and back (click images to enlarge) Four SATA III ports are available along with an M.2 (2280 M-Key) interface. Other expansion is available with the PCIe x16 and mini-PCIe slots, with the latter supporting SIM cards. Dual GbE ports are also available. For displays you get 2x coastline DisplayPorts and an HDMI 1.4b port, offering up to 4096 x 2304 at 60Hz or 24Hz, respectively. A dual-channel LVDS interface is also onboard. Other coastline ports include 2x audio jacks, 4x USB 3.0, 2x RS232, and an RS232/422/485 port. These are joined by onboard interfaces including 4x USB 2.0, RS232, LPC, and 16-bit DIO, among others. A watchdog is also available.   Further information No pricing or availability information was provided for the EBX form-factor OXY5739A SBC or INS8349B Mini-ITX board. More information may be found at Perfectron’s OXY5739A and INS8349B product pages.   Related posts: Rugged, 3.5-inch SBC expands upon Skylake Embedded oriented Mini-ITX board packs serious Skylake-S… 3.5-inch SBC expands upon Skylake-H Rugged module pumps up Skylake Core and Xeon E3 chips Skylake-H Mini-ITX SBC has 4 GbE, 4 USB 3.0, and 3 HD video… 3.5-inch Skylake SBC offers 4x SATA, 4x PCIe, and 5x USB 3.0 Fanless Mini-ITX SBC packs high-end Intel Skylake SoCs Expansive Mini-ITX board runs Linux on Skylake Rugged mini-ITX based box PC goes all out on expansion Industrial focused Mini-ITX board packs Skylake punch (advertise here) PLEASE COMMENT BELOW Please comment here... Cancel reply (advertise here) The content on this site is copyright © 2007-2017 Rick Lehrbaum unless otherwise noted. Comments are the property of their submitters. Content originally published on LinuxDevices is Copyright © 1999-2017 QuinStreet Inc. and is reproduced here under license from its owner. LinuxGizmos is part of the DeviceGuru Blog Network. Linux is a registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Contact us | Privacy policy | Terms of use | About us | RSS feed
Engadget Login Home Gear Gaming Culture Entertainment Science Video Reviews Find a Product Buyer's Guide Log in Sign up Show More Results Engadget 3 related articles Login Carrie Fisher will be in 'Star Wars: Episode IX' without use of CG 'Ghost in the Shell' is more cyberposeur than cyberpunk YouTube TV made this baseball fan finally cut the cord Latest in Entertainment Carrie Fisher will be in 'Star Wars: Episode IX' without use of CG 5h ago View Kobo will sell discounted digital copies of your paper books 04.08.17 View 'Ghost in the Shell' is more cyberposeur than cyberpunk 04.08.17 View The Morning After: Weekend Edition 04.08.17 View Image credit: Intel/Fox Sports save Save share Intel's 360 replay tech is coming to more NFL stadiums The technology is already at work in Baltimore, Houston and San Francisco. Billy Steele, @wmsteele 04.05.17 in AV Comments 262 Shares Share Tweet Share Save Intel/Fox Sports The National Football League just announced that it's moving its Thursday Night Football streaming coverage from Twitter to Amazon, but there's more news to share this week. Through its on-going partnership with Intel, the NFL plans to install the company's 360 replay tech in more stadiums before the 2017 season kicks off. Right now, the setup is only available in Baltimore, Houston and San Francisco, but it will be in place for more teams this fall. Intel acquired Replay Technologies and its so-called freeD 360 tech just over a year ago. The system was used for NBA and MLB games as well as college football. Most recently, 360 replays and "Be the Player" views were part of Fox Sports' Super Bowl LI coverage. The whole thing is powered by camera setups that capture 5K visuals and Intel servers that can process up to one terabyte of data per 15-30-second clip. Each stadium where this is installed will have both the cameras and the servers on-site to get replay footage to producers quickly. Today's announcement doesn't reveal exactly which other NFL stadiums will get the 360 tech before the 2017 season starts, but you can bet the league will announce more details before players take the field. When the time comes, freeD 360 replays, "Be the Player" views and other content will be available on NFL.com, the NFL Mobile app and the league's YouTube channel. Intel and the NFL also say they will work with teams and broadcasters on using the technology -- something else we'll likely hear more about in the near future. Source: Intel In this article: 360, 360replay, 360video, av, cameras, entertainment, football, freed, intel, nfl, sports 262 Shares Share Tweet Share Save Comments Sign In 1h 1h ago in Gadgetry Leaf veins may lead to longer battery life A natural structure could boost the performance of all kinds of tech. By J. Fingas,  1h ago save Save share View 3h 3h ago in Gadgetry Tough water-repellent coating could lead to faster ships You could also have truly soak-resistant clothing. By J. Fingas,  3h ago save Save share View 5h 5h ago in AV Carrie Fisher will be in 'Star Wars: Episode IX' without use of CG It's a sharp break from the strategy used for 'Rogue One.' By J. Fingas,  5h ago save Save share View 7h 7h ago in Green Tesla reveals a sleek solar panel built for your existing roof You won't have to rip off tiles to install this on your home. By J. Fingas,  7h ago save Save share View 8h 8h ago in Green Scientists aim to reach the Earth's mantle with an undersea drill Japan's Chikyu drilling ship could embark on a journey to the mantle by 2030 at the latest. By M. Moon,  8h ago save Save share View More Stories From around the web About About Engadget About Our Ads Advertise Brand Kit Contact Us RSS Feed Sections Reviews Gear Culture Entertainment Gaming Science Video Podcasts Deals Find a Product Contribute Send us a tip! Support International Español 繁體中文 简体中文 日本版 Deutschland UK Apps Android iPhone iPad Join Our Newsletter Subscribe Follow Us © 2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Reprints and Permissions Privacy Policy Terms of Use Trademarks Advertise ear icon eye icon text file
facebook twitter instagram youtube ios android rss Network Stations Live on Change 93.7 FM Boston 105.5 FM Springfield 1440 AM Worcester 103.7 FM Providence Shows Kirk & Callahan Ordway, Merloni & Fauria Dale & Holley with Keefe Mut at Night WEEI Late Night Mustard & Johnson Network Stations Program Schedule ESPN on WEEI Kirk & Callahan   K&C- Lombardi’s keys to a good QB; Kimmel cries over Rickles 4-7-17 Ordway, Merloni & Fauria OMF - LaVar Ball thinks white people have slow feet. Chris Simms thinks Jim Nantz got his dad fired, 4-7-17 Dale & Holley   Panda comes up big and then the bullpen blows it - post game reaction with Dale, Holley and Keefe Weekend Shows   Danny Picard - Red Sox Review (How are the Red Sox winning with a depleted line up) 04-09-17 Enough About Me   Ep. 56: Howie Carr Get in touch with WEEI 93.7 FM Phone: 617-779-7937    Text: 37937    Red Sox Rob Bradford John Tomase Full Count blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Statistics Red Sox Radio Network Tickets Mike Petraglia Featured Story Ready or not, Chris Sale is about to find out what it means to pitch for Red Sox by John Tomase Latest Blog Posts Red Sox 7, Tigers 5: Sandy Leon stays white hot to lead late... Red Sox lineup: Mookie Betts returns, Andrew Benintendi... Latest Columns Andrew Benintendi wastes no time proving he's real deal in Red So... Red Sox management appears to be feeling some heat as setbacks mount Final Det 5 Bos 7 Latest Audio Matt Barnes Player of the Game Interview 04-09-17 Bradfo Sho, Ep. 22: David Ortiz is having a celebrity roast Patriots Ryan Hannable It Is What It Is blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Tickets Mike Petraglia John Tomase Featured Story Patriots would have to be mad, bro, not to want Seahawks corner Richard Sherman by John Tomase Latest Blog Posts Sunday 7: Only his growing family could force Chris Hogan to... Chris Hogan returns to lacrosse world, signs honorary... Latest Columns Further examining why Patriots have been so aggressive this offseason Adrian Peterson isn't worth risk for Pats, but not because he bea... Latest Audio MMQB's Peter King with Dale, Holley and Keefe MMQB's Peter King with Dale, Holley and Keefe Celtics Green Street blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Statistics Roster Tickets Mike Petraglia John Tomase Featured Story Showdown? More like a beatdown as LeBron James, Cavaliers embarrass Celtics by John Tomase Latest Blog Posts Celtics lose to Hawks, which may end up helping them in... Celtics lose to Hawks, which may end up helping them in... Latest Columns Celtics one of unlikeliest No. 1 overall seeds ever, but that's w... LaVar Ball is an egomaniacal jerk deluded by his own sense of greatnes... @7:30 PM Bos Bkn Latest Audio LaVar Ball with Dale, Holley and Keefe Kirk and Callahan- Will Isaiah Thomas win a title in Boston?... Bruins Ty Anderson Big Bad Blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Statistics Tickets Scott McLaughlin Mike Petraglia John Tomase Featured Story Clinching playoff spot is first step in Bruins staying relevant by Ty Anderson Latest Blog Posts NHL announces schedule for Bruins-Senators playoff series Bruins will play Senators in first round of 2017 Stanley Cup... Latest Columns Skipping the 2018 Olympics will be embarrassing, even by NHL standards You're probably wrong about Bruins goalie Tuukka Rask Final Bos 1 Was 3 Latest Audio The 1972 Bruins The 1972 Bruins National The Mashup blog College Blog NFL MLB NBA NHL Auto Racing NCAA Basketball MLS - Revolution Golf Tennis MLB Tim Tebow Hits 2nd Home Run of the Season for Columbia... Josh Donaldson Exits Game vs. Rays with Calf Injury NFL Myles Garrett Says He'll 'Punish' Browns If Not Selected... Trumaine Johnson, Rams Reportedly to Talk Contract Amid... NBA NBA MVP Race 2017: Breaking Down the Beard vs. Brodie... Trail Blazers Clinch Playoff Spot with Russell Westbrook's... NHL Lindy Ruff Fired by Stars After 4 Seasons as Head Coach NHL Playoff Picture 2017: Latest Postseason Bracket, Odds... More National Sports Audio Kirk & Callahan Ordway, Merloni & Fauria Dale & Holley Mut at Night WEEI Late Night Weekend Shows Podcasts Enough About Me Podcast The Real K&C Podcast #DORK Podcast Bradfo Sho Red Sox Latest Audio  Danny Picard - Red Sox Review (How are the Red Sox winning... Danny Picard - Red Sox Review (Kimbrel gets another save... Giardi and Bradford discuss the state of the Celtics with... Ian Browne, MLB.com, joins Giardi and Bradford live from... Giardi and Bradford on why bringing in Adrian Peterson is a... Popular Audio  K&C- Time to prepare for WWIII; What was Trump thinking?... K&C- Lombardi’s keys to a good QB; Kimmel cries over... Latest Podcast  SoccerCast - Ben and Alex get heated when talking about Alexis to... Boston Sports 101 - Fenway Memories Video All Video Original Video Patriots Red Sox Celtics Bruins Jimmy Fund WEEI on YouTube ESPN Boston Video Latest Videos John Farrell says it's special to share Opening Day with Super Bowl champ Patriots John Farrell says he loves way 2017 Red Sox are ready to improve upon '16 » VIEW MORE Latest From ESPN Boston Featuring the latest Red Sox, Celtics, Patriots, and Bruins videos » WATCH NOW Connect WEEI Live app WEEI Email Newsletters Mobile Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram Mobile WEEI.com RSS Center Podcast Center Download the WEEI Live App Subscribe to WEEI's daily newsletter <p>Your browser does not support iframes.</p> Twitter For an official list of WEEI radio hosts and writers on twitter, click here. Follow the station @WEEI Facebook Like WEEI, and the shows, on facebook by clicking here. Station Contests Station Events Community Events Larry Johnson Cartoons Jimmy Fund Radiothon Get My Perks Daily Deal My Email Offers Press Room Contact Us Exclusive Bourbon & Bacon Fest T-Shirt Station Events Trenni and Tomase Live at AT... Sat, 04/15/2017 11:00am Game Day K-cards Mon, 04/17/2017 9:00 AM » More Events Contests Win Dead and Company at Fenway Park Tickets!  Listen Monday 4/10 and Tuesday 4/11 during Ordway, Merloni & Fauria for a chance to win 2 tickets to see Dead and Company at Fenway Park! Tickets on sale Wednesday,... AT&T Ultimate Patriots Day Experience Giveaway Get to your local AT&T Store (inside 95 ring) and find the text codeword to send to 37937 by noon on 4/13 to be entered to win a Meet & Greet with Kirk and Callahan and... » More Contests Boston Red Sox New England Patrio.. NFL Boston Celtics Boston Bruins John Farrell Get alerts sent to your phone Sign up for the weei newsletter   WEEI>On Demand>>Saturday Skate - Bruins Playoff Outlook Tweet Subscribe Download Share Saturday Skate - Bruins Playoff Outlook Apr 8, 2017| Guys talk Bruins playoffs after they lose to the Capitals. They go over how the Maple Leafs last two games effect the Bruins. Ty also joins from the Garden later. You Might Like Transcript - Not for consumer use. Robot overlords only. Will not be accurate. All right the Bruins are men they are and thanks to that six game winning streak late in the season. 188. And one under Bruce Cassidy and 47 games after the coaching change. Barry in the regular season as the day how are you feel about it they'll. Say backing in but sort of tumbling in with a couple of major injuries to discuss rear admirals to join us here about ten minutes or so he's make his way over the facility. Tai Anderson RB report WEEI dot comes at TD garden data card old reliable is here stick in for civility and a the any you've got the Intel the recruit is indeed out from first round at least likely out I guess that wanna put words in your mouth yeah. I know I'm climate now it's not good at all and I think whenever you dealing with these cypress knee injuries. Obviously at some point it comes down a pain threshold that's not to knock anybody that that. Looks at it and says hey I can't play its usage is not working for me but it all went when you get a diagnosis and they put a timetable on it you know at some point. Yeah you can't just rush back wit and I don't care what would be pain threshold this cell. I went on the arron is that this is worse than data de annaly said data they right away. I Cassidy said that putt on here this is worse than day to day and expectations at least that he's gonna miss a first round series. Possible first second round series if they get fair but if they're planning capitals in the first drop out and expected in the second round. Well we don't ultimately capital yet if you lay out the and your show them and Toronto's got two games left against teams that really have not much to play for Pittsburgh tonight. Columbus tomorrow both of those teams are locked in with their currency things like if police get three out of four points. Able pass Boston and play Ottawa in round one. If they get two out of points or less the Bruins will stick it they'll play the senators Wednesday or Thursday. We saw the capitals at least it'll form of that today they were a total full strength now that they're obviously in good pressure trophy team for a reason. Is it possible new look back wellness and we're gonna blame that Brad marshy and growing tapped for cost liberal is an easier first round matchup but also happy I tested tap the am trying to be nice under the pile on at this point. They've looked shell last two games offensively they're a mess without marsh in a lineup they don't bring much. Com telling into the got reporting it's laudable but that's that was an Ottawa team right for the beating Thursday night without Erik Karlsson in the lineup so it's a it's a bit disappointed back in. This way and if indeed Toronto passes yeah I think you look back at marsh and situation and say. What are your leaders terrible time I don't want to gain the clinch that titan but it cost you may be in Ottawa series steady going appear as the number one. Yes and I know because this game it is going to be fresh in everybody's minds go into the playoffs and if you play Washington in the first round it'll be yet even more fresh in everyone's minds. But when it comes at a much chance suspension which by the way I started said multiple times like I think the league got it right. As it was more than a tap he knew he was joined and he's a repeat offender but that said I don't want Dan I would get with his two game suspension is Thursday night against Ottawa. I mean it's a one goal game. And when you on this in yard top goal scorer and a winnable gamut almost. Not only did you mission in regulation you miss moshing and all the time and animist and again in the shootout. And on top of that if you want to point the finger and put some glam on the Bruins in that loss to Ottawa the other night is if they. And again. This kid days may once they clinched the rate dipped plan the senate is again. Who cares what happens today against Washington right you'll should've won that game the other night and even without washing and we in this console much. I had an opportunity and assured Arnold can you tell me. It IU is upset about that shoot out order against the senators the other side is I am Drew Stafford and Ryan's opponent to begin. That's a did when you leave Bergeron Krejci on the bench for that. And they're looking back at the coach don't you got. We got awareness that this is what's going on. I don't understand how you you go through that game and don't give at least one of those two guys a shot to win it especially it seemed like the strategy was gulf rival. Everyone try to go 50 just what you know would want five all Patrice Bergeron we sit on the benching him a shot. It's we can say we can complain all we want about this game against the capitals thing. It's that game against Ottawa Thursday night that to maybe. Really gets me fired up when we look at these Bruins team and perhaps look at them now haven't played the capitals in the first trying to we don't know for sure. Toronto does handle their own a in a bid they control their own destiny now. Blind you know you kind of want one of these last two landing to gain a more fired up dated when was that Indians on. Its interest imposter not with third rate yes he was it was stabbed a bit more impostor knocked. Yeah and today they didn't start Rask which was ahead throughout your if you if this was a game. You absolutely felt like he needed to win to avoid the capitals the wise to delve into and out they're not that he's been bad lately is obviously and it was six and oh. Since the recall committed to escape today. Bought Rask it's in the third period only because of flu symptoms so yes it's a little bit of on that. Yeah Jeremy amendment to cover the Red Sox had a bad bad bad block you know once causeway and they went the new practice facility next though does somebody. That's spread the floor of the Red Sox and the Bruins into the media are we saw employment immediately I don't. They just yeah just keep it go away from the T 30 I know that I hope. And and I mean if they would spot you would do this. They took adult and out he did not come back open at third but I hope that they disinfected the entire room while the team result plane third period. Because the last thing you should wanna get a Bruins is to have to deal with the Red Sox don't right now that's the last thing you want. Because it's already going to be an uphill battle you know what even if they play Ottawa. I know we would prefer Ottawa over the capitals at least I do and it probably due to. But let's not make it sound like that series is going to be a lock in the pocket esteem it's not going to be. Now 03 wanna get subtle this year they play that's a sale what from entertainment point of view idols rather see Boston Washington. Just from the just the pure entertainment value because he negotiates style hockey meant just. 0131 market up in the neutral zone and those are gonna be 21 games refer the whole series. Yeah and I guess. Just to get back to what happened today with Adobe and obviously being sick I don't I don't have. Intel on the decision. It says Scott Dohmann over asked what I what I can't say though is I came to arrest defense. I won a couple weeks ago after at Tampa Bay game you know not happen again media let a couple to our bottles and at Tampa Bay again but any missed the next one Brooklyn. And people looked crushing sameness is a must win you know they gold backed an auto game last year. I came to his defense because. He has been the only sound and it's been an injury that he softening game one that. On the regular season and wrestling did and it they're odd times in which you know lot. He can't call. I don't know what happened today. What given affected couple weeks ago against Brooklyn there was something bothering him still to a point where you know he needed that extra day. I guess I just wonder if the Bruins a look at this staying on we don't have moshing and we're playing the best team only been on a much and we don't have proved we don't have a Jahri and you can roll your eyes that comment I want. But if you watch the Bruins are in his win streak a chart was buzzing around he was when battles he was Bruins hockey. Yeah and and when noticing him on top of those things. Yeah well I guess I wonder if they look at it and said what's more beneficial to us roll in to get in this game or is certain. And and and still it's going to be tough for us to win this one given all the other bodies when this and. Or maybe. We jazz see how good I don't I don't even plan put it. And that hope to get to get some rest and and also hope that maybe Toronto loses one of the next two. I wonder if that's what if I don't put money on a strategy that they took that would be it. But I do know that duke has been dealing with something and people roll their eyes at that but you know when you get injured the first game of the season and it forces you to play. I think it's only four of the eight games in the first month. You know it's it's not. It is not anything that is. Eye rolling worthy in my opinion. While if that's the case and you could be right now he's obviously he says he's you know going back earlier he's deal was something I am I mean I have. Yeah I mean I I have been told that he's been dale it's still is nothing serious that he can't play if he really pushed it. But it's obviously serious enough to cause the missile was a critical game there in Brooklyn as you pointed out at today's game. Actuary for the playoffs just in and of itself as he gonna be able hold up over seven game series play every other tighten it's it's something snagging them to that extreme. It's it's there it's gonna be here throughout the series will be played there not sell throw battle solvency to recruit and losing Brenda Carlton if we don't know along true. But I think that today's decision and again on CNN it's only. Wit with the knowledge that I Knoll. Tuukka has been Dylan something. Not I think today's strategy. Was more of a group decision. I I feel that way she you know all the bodies that they were mentioned. Nolan that they're playing the best team in the league I understand it's easy to get worked up about all playoff implications and you want it yet they wanna play Ottawa to end and they put their best foot forward to be able to play Ottawa in the first round. But that said. They knew they were thrown into this game they warn not gonna put their best foot forward because you missed in net leading goal scorer and in this and another couple key pieces in a char. So I mean. I have to. Us in the game yet to catch you off I'm not surprised Washington put. Their best foot forward today other than well they have ruled out they have hope they get my whole beat them but let's get in the full they were out there you read it and it art they were trying to send a message I think early. Well we'll while we take W guys out. For the series possibly starts Wednesday authors what's the message there no I mean I'm looking back on they wanna play the Bruins in the first round like apple. I don't know they were caught a plane again and I know it and they want it and and you wanna watch more than I did because I had a shell go on I was watching the masters we were doing some red sock your view. But from what I saw. You know outshot hoping I'll play in the capitals who play in this game in the finished in jacks you now mocking. Like a team that wanted to play this Bruins team in the first round of the plant. Was beaten and online zero. Nine times Euro yen close the last series they played which is it's a long time you know what when he eleven or whatever was that the seven gamer rear admiral sits in now. Russia Boston for a nicely done lets anybody that. That is the game actually tap ramadi has gone so the only kick me face out exit Jane let the city comes in real at a guy you know like any hey this isn't the first time we've gone. Nine and not at all Indiana you know little little reunion little exactly little little catch a reunion and we all or psyched about the proms are. Issues the Bruins I should prompt is you called this a couple weeks ago when the chips are down admiral you still had faith he thought they were gonna get in the have a me to have their dollar economies. Should. I don't give you may props audit and much credit but this in this case I do they they want six and wrote again in our you feel like they're a dangerous team as they head into the play out when they get martian accompanied back. I would help a lot better of them butterball open had to know last two with a defensemen I mean hundreds anything anomaly in the groove probably not be in the first round. Palo probably got a concussion that it lets face of these Magnus out of the boards and come back maybe precautionary but it did look like a good hit. I mean that's often means with a BC and act of what we thought we weren't gonna see him because a regular season ended but. I don't know him I got a couple of games of Providence they might get desperate and all we hear is how did that it is on the big stage what was the big stage of the NHL playoffs they might from doubles I think to be great. Pretty good story I wonder if they'll direct you to do that is still a grizzly in no Garrett I would guys that adapter I would analysts yeah I mean. It's yes one person they see he's ready and other presidencies and close I don't know I haven't seen him I'm not gonna pretend you know but. If if not you know it's going to be tough that's you know Cowell had been struggling quite a bit lately I think he hit the rookie wall and was competitive climate over. Crucially huge loss its he's he really had a great season agree it's a lose him it's it's a huge blow man I mean. You know you can see on the power play it is they miss him big time sooner than last couple games they've been. In the struggle and it is an Indy defense was the big issue going through the area and it in and you know they you should tip it's yet to be captain because they really did a pretty good job considering. You know the talent level and how you know how good they did he just played agree DT defense not of spectacular bulk of but guilty do the job they play solid hockey. But you know you lose like a guy that cal what two guys of that caliber and you know obviously breaks it makes everything now levels so. Now man not a good way to be going to be about a whole Toronto. Keeps his keeps the dramatics comfortably generously with Toronto they may well go to. Guys they've while they play Pittsburg. Tonight right right and and a point Columbus tomorrow correct. It's looking like Columbus is probably not gonna. It didn't Columbus. Isn't gonna bring. Except for the fact they've lost six in a role in need this sort of pat you know. Get that bad taste out of their mouth and and just try to right the ship the Padilla but I Crosby's play tonight but there are a lot of other penguins that are not so beaten half their lineup is in. I think Toronto wins tonight I think it's an economic gain tomorrow it'll be it'll be Toronto needing a point tomorrow against Columbus at least in overtime appearance. The past Boston play out round one which it's hard to predict. Release are young team they're way ahead of schedule anyway so. Exactly and you know they had a couple opportunities earlier this week to steal things and could do it in you know and only apparently caught popular refrain is not in a playful but. A tie yeah I sailed ten teams that there have corn corn up and play funny love nothing more than a spoil another team's season. You know we got guys like they always say trying to offer rolls next year trying to hit centers outside the bank eyes are gonna play you know that you know did you know behind the HL I mean. You know teams errors it seems the playoff shall look kind of like lolly gag through the motions but the team do you think I'm on the plate for the ones that go off the likely sport. Jump on Alicea on Saturday skates excellent 77797937. What got the Bruins back in and what do you make of the chances here as they do handy and without looks like. According to a gate guard to recruit likely for the first round we'll see about Carlo. The rest of the team. You know if they get our ship back. Which they will they are expected to in game one lines will fill out a little bit nicer sell the team that you saw the last the if you seen last couple games is it's obvious again be dramatically different from. When they get out there on the ice and rom one but it is the capitals. They are loaded and that includes the use Kevin Chad Kirk Lippold what it today we talked a lot about him at the trade deadline guys and to the Bruins obviously were interest and a pain in the high price. First round pick. Conditional second round pick in two players. But he's hoping to see the difference maker and he's. What it grows the love to have him now know Whitman but the mention any. Healthy defense that at this point with Krugman Carlo out that the any any bitter regret the dating to laughter. Chat anchored in Washington paid the price on him a couple Arctic. Now because they're a much better position to kind of golfer at all and they clearly did that if he has every single had let retains a part in jockey said they traded form. And abroad is on quite a it's all for the Burleson to kind of mortgage dot much of the future full a guy who's gonna bring you from middle of pacts on. Closer to a contender but not quite not it's not worth it I mean you know Washington gave up a lot Foreman the pro always have some great prospects and and I don't know that bring in Jack Corcoran got an obvious he would make the more dangerous but is gonna make them one of the top even three contenders in the east I don't banks also. You know it's it's one of those let's just you know role we got in and until we have. Yeah I think that leads to the other question we discard Bruins team when they didn't do something like that a deadline and it's like I even went some of the stuff they deal with let's say. Crew was LP let's say Colin Garrett today. And let's say blushing and didn't get suspended he finds a way to put in a goal insomnia night nailed a three seat plane senators in the first round. What would be a successful season for the Bruins. And I guess I look at it and I go all you know what just the fact that they got it from made us successful what I look at is next year. Which you can't bring Mac blowing up you know JFK. You know who knows who else is part of this team next year but what I wanna see this year is possibly knock Spooner. Fallen Milla follow the young kids much are you get them some playoff experience even averaged just one round. And to me that's a successful season for the Bruins and then next year you roll into it. Maybe you have a back up that can win more than one game of the first four months of the season. Don't look at a division winner and you look at a team this time around next year that has more experience on the Blue Line that might want the favorites to win at all I mean you have to go. I don't people have crush me for going back the first four months and using that to defend to grass but. This that is amazing to me win your first. 186. Wins to add 25 of those winds to the first four months you any production audio backup goalie. The division this year that's deploy and and the I would feel about the team that I mean I think next year at this time they can win the division. And it they might be a team that that is one of the favorites to to win the Stanley Cup with some of the depth they have up the middle. And with the goaltender who I still think is one of the best in the league into grass so to maybe expectations this year a little bit different right now based on how they finished. Based on the young kids that they have any organization. But get them the playoff experience and it's it's a success may. Just to get in. If they win a series a joke I say what joke mean I. But if they won one it's a it's a bonus from. You know what I agree with you sitting here now but they get swept by the capitals in Ottawa gets past Toronto around one you're gonna be it's going to be hard to say that it's two weeks right you're gonna be sand. I Ottawa team is not that good the Bruins. Could should have played Ottawa from one could have beat them then they're on a route to play in the Canadian hustle the like Danny this out of a great series. I guess Claude Julien and his new team so I think you're right though it is the success but it's going to be tough to say that they get swept in four games like capitals. Yeah I mean anything out if they Wear pebble so when the first round editing app that is gravy means of the first from playoff. When would be huge here I I expect them to become a third to division that's premature predicted and obviously in the playoffs the review gonna be dad all of them. The second while god shall I mean as a full point as basic no difference between the two of them. You know I I don't hold that adult again elephant with a gonna play Ottawa. They should be don't I mean did I don't hinted that he did have much success in the regular season but they're Derek. But at that not a great team they've you know at the plate applauds violent rely on radios and a lot but. You know if they were to get swept by Washington I mean. It up they lose. Four games by a collective five goals is that you know Hussein is out of its unsuccessful things sometimes I mean. You know I've seen some fighting series over the years being that some bad some of the more entertaining series and you know three or four games go to all the time and they can go either way so unique he can just log they lose in five games it's it's a bust because you know a lot of those games go shall. And Ohio is a lot to be determined I think I didn't Iran does not only when one of the next two games they still think the bronze in Plano or. We get out your Dana let me ask you this if indeed date. The organization views it that way too is this is a great it's a success for an even though the owner said he expects a deep playoff run and I probably deep down he's thrilled they got into the playoffs are a couple of gates saw. Do they make any dramatic changes with the core now that they're in now they they showed under castigated wants six in a row. Char still got a little bit in him you know it's not. Recorders or tanks still great defensively the PK whatever or my embarks next jets are yet as his price goes down creaky compliant. I mean all Rask greats he's the same corkum struck back out again next year no matter of one. I mean everybody's got a price. I mean. What does somebody offered for preaching what somebody offered for Zdeno Chara and he knows things need to be considered idled that you look at it and say. The entire teams untouchable. But I think if you are gonna. You know take a step to Lloyd's we needed to rebuild our line we didn't do it the way that maybe we should of I mean I shall go back to the way they lost boy chuck and Hamilton for draft picks and he dated retool the Blue Line. It the way they each the way they should of and now you've committed to the kids it seems and with the injuries all of mellow they like in an odd is going to be playing in the playoffs I'd love to see that. Ran and follow we mention Mac Voight. It's a nice little ritual with the Blue Line I would think that you want to keep you know if there's a way to get a talk for veteran defenseman. In the off season. Right then then I'll have to me you have to have that discussion with another team but if that's not available to yet. I think the acquisition you look at our McIlroy. You know the acquisition you look at may be used as she what you have with adult and I know he was pretty good down the stretch. And now people are doctors say they wanted to see in the number lie GNU is he's not number one and in fact the most of the season he was a brutal on the two. Posted a smoke and dust so I am just a brutal plummets so. If you can get a goalie a backup goalie that can win Wimbledon one game in the first months of the season you win the division. You win the division and soul when it comes to offseason moves to keep the keep the band together keep the boys together. Every man's gotta gotta priced you have to listen. But for the most part of the the acquisitions they make. Get McIlroy up and and get yelled gold it's like she's insane and I. We got the young kids playoff experience and I think already to attempt battle Montreal. And maybe even auto and actually a for the division title. DP thanks for second overtime half of admirals paycheck is coming your way at the end of the shelves are you ready for that we appreciate it this Saturday schedules sports rated a B I present about wise snacks AT&T also bring you to TO. And admiral you and I stick around Tai Anderson to check in from the guard industry gets out of the end of the I'm losing. It's not demoralized. Rumor there also could effect that. You could have a negative guys now are not at all I mean I think Kate I agree it is this is the successor India's playoff hockey come Wednesday or Thursday to let us know what you think what got a chance they have. What got to back your what got the Bruins it'll take your phone bills next six or 77797937. Saturday skate. It's hi Anderson in the mix here shortly from TD garden Kaliningrad Reuters studio at the Sports Radio to be I complex time admiral for our cheese doodles extreme player that we brought to my wise snacks were forced to be. Forced to be optimistic. With the pros and possibly which course there's the playoffs the Al record sure we're part usher who they will face in round one to be Washington could be Ottawa that will be determined by Toronto and how they perform here in the final two games of the regular season. Throws the Pittsburgh tonight. And Columbus tomorrow the three out of a possible four points to pass the Bruins. Otherwise the bees will play Ottawa but. This week as we last spoke admiral the when we were on last Saturday right after the Florida win the fight to win. Eight. Unexpectedly to be went to Chicago picked up a 32 win and it dates night game at 1230 game forty once say it's on delta and I picked it opened. Eight weeks at a tense on says the dog and with this week that was an unbelievable performance I did not expect to points for that back to back they got at that. Really when you look back on it was big win as any in the stretch. Obviously Tuesday's win over Tampa was huge as well special Marcia Angell out of the game they kill off the five minute major penalty and that they get four goals and Allen and you know Drew Stafford Kimmel live this week he scored a goal in Tampa when he scored the only goal in the Ottawa overtime loss which got them point. So I guess I'll go staffers went player of the week. Front you buy cheese doodles who we got. Odd look on with wood to audio boyhood build a night I think they'll win a lot of people didn't expect him to get that spot against Chicago. I stood in his head he was unbelievable at that game like he went six narrowed down the stretch so. He's a guy who eat like any dimension caddie come up bigger earlier in the to perhaps the Bruins will be about a position right now alas he didn't but. He he did come up big when a compass on an audience on Google this week. They get your t.'s total extreme players will be brought to my wife stacks hotter than 100 mile per hour slap shot to reach the show's 67779793. Said it's a weird season. Rask. On available in the win over the islanders. We lose big hubbub about it of course nobody comes in they get the win 21 marshy and goes out of the game with that growing spear. When it seemed like the worst possible time we need a win over Tampa clinch he Saudi missed two periods of the game five minute penalty they killed off so this team. Has its to its stars lay naked critical times of the season but the team rallies around one another they get the job done. I may be the end marshy and will be will be blamed for cost them a series against Ottawa and forcing them to have to play Washington around one. But he had a tremendous year otherwise Selby guys run pick them up a little bit and that's where you look at this Bruins teams say all right that they've got something they are little danger said the play out. Yeah absolutely I mean you know offensive blue note when their firearm or else also known as you know what they can do great she's up a proven playoff proforma. Shop cost and actually he seems like a tape if you don't give it to really have a raises leveled in the playoffs. Score is not the issue the goaltender is really not the issue I think. You know I think people wait like I mentioned go for the goaltender kind of break down all year and in Italy it they did it by committee well it certainly any should the stock. I don't erected Eminem a true number one on that defense anymore I mean jarrah is maybe he's a top tier guy but he's not the number one guy of fide musical for sure up. No they did it by committee but that's going to be did the real problem now again with the deal did he say and crew probably not going to be there for the first round. Frankly which some of our callers may. It jointly a lot of crew bashing the show throughout the year Daryn you know you don't agree with. Yeah he's out there it is by you know what I mean if you listen says it's enough of what we do and what checked Twitter or not you'll see. I mean everybody gets bashed its you know some rest and others but. Yeah I I don't know I don't know what people pick and a crew fought meaning that the guy plays well what what cotton balls like like you want he's obviously on the size he's going to be limited to what he can do physically his own and of course Shia. But he brings so much else to the table that you know in. And even that he he is undersized he still wasn't you know he still has worked on his game plan angles Morant play in the bawdy and a little bit born. You know he's he's he's he's dimmed the defenseman ma'am but you know people just gonna complain and people's comes to complain or ask in this town hall. Including our next scholar Fred New Hampshire I'm sure has got some a complaint said the policies of what's going on Freddie. It is nice guy knows what no icicle basketball today it we get to preempt at 730 is late. I've been. Jones in this. We are. The floor is yours very we run earlier last week. Yup. 3 o'clock they moves around yeah yes yeah bombs went to Simpson's. And anyway. These past they've gained you all night about it secondary school. I mean you can Nash. More walked Kevin Miller. Mean they stepped up and actually think this team deep into big time make it played like that. And but you know Tampa Bay that kill off a five minute major. In the crowd. Doesn't stand altogether. I'm wrong. Was dead there today Freddie looks like lifeless today. And you know why. We had not won eight okay. But you'd get to the shell you want to send this man is is the crowd. In this team wants to do it anyway. Crowded acted. They have. If any in this team that apple want I think I would like I don't stop and keep them don't want to beat people. Think you'll five minute penalty and no heavy stock split but the whole crowd should at the end. Why are you with the rank Freddie was less than you were down. It's been awhile. But is this situation is that this way and not do it but anyway. You know what he says. Content did not column that. Group now now now out oh how yes Carla said he. Matt is ten. Might you didn't smack at it from texting smacked it. If anything been done about every now and tripped and smack talking he went down markets but nothing could be done but that is the. Well it's the death penalty of the game it's I was interest and thanks the call for him to get some it's the wanna get in their Cassie against the a little shot at the rats after the game. Would you think of it it was he hooked it a little bit enough that knocked him off balance going into the wall that's gonna sneaky like the ice is its most plays way it could have been it probably should have been a penalty and. An F five hopeful for example of poker brat hush didn't it most certainly would have been a penalty I think. All bets in the heat it's it's you know it's a it's not a superstar league the NBA has but. You know you see Crosby gets away or allied. Real I don't bats and he's got to win a lot of over the years he's not I don't think he's dirty use credit cards Canada's notable behind the scenes stuff but. Well that's as a track record he's had some pretty dirty it's all so he does it hits and he still stick indicate he is big right armed. It one of those slip acclaim and it's is you know eighties one -- I got a hockey play in a raffle would've would've blown the whistle but yeah I was part of a little bit of a spot treatment yet. You don't marshy and got a little star treatment early in the year we thought he was getting some respect you remember he had coupled the width of borderline DeWitt to review he got away without it. It was impossible that that was soul. Visual but just. But that's the Tampa situation he had a black a couple of games services don't get around that. All of us via the speed yet and in Mike and I did people caught Kupchak like that that's not a Kupchak like first I mean I was SSP airmen were wherever. He landed him and I don't think eat. Necessary neck he meant to get an entity got their pretty square in the colonies but. He was scored a spare me the way I mean whether he Cohen solely Pollock Claude and they are not as a relevant he he spit the guy pretty bad weather in the belly button below. So that's just a bad day he either way and such an undisciplined penalty minutes. I think I did have I think his defiance of the passcodes is because he's just keep it in my shine you know like. You know I don't gay you don't like gets its TSE economy like Dan and I mean you know I get it is yet. You know you gonna take that mentality and beat out of five army but you know it was it was done I mean he. Does apple like a scholar at dom but you know it was a dumb penalty dot dump time that yet. May hypothetically of cost about a. Playoff position while if he is the capitals they got a couple guys including Tom Wilson whose son in action today Colin Miller put a good hit on him. It was at eagle came over and and boredom and got. Apparently fortune got five get through. And that Wilson went back at it if it's capitals and Bruins you'll you'll see some physical stuff that'll be a good series from that story like pointed at I wonder what martians like coming off the suspension. Capital saw the brewers today without margin in a way that could sort of law all the asleep going into game one of that series and that's what didn't have the I thought I would imagine marshy it is just that shot out of a cannon he is ready to go in game one. And it's going to be you know I was hair on fire and it in that game. Yeah I want that are gonna forget about these are you know an MVP candidate who. May have finished in the top three escorted via if you didn't you know have that spirit incident but right gusts of before Eagles season and today that show. But nobody watches are gonna anywhere awhile lives when he did today and they certainly didn't look while the ability available wild and it was liberal ones and I think that. He'll the last couple games they'd didn't have that the Spotify with particular Zdeno a lot of fight about I big advantages that a little bit of an exhale left them you know kind of almost play in must win games for. Although we will six and they were they 61 in and yell through before that there look essentially all must win games are lost or pretty close shall. I did was they they clinched a playoff spot they let they got down a little bit. Haven't said that you know. Yeah Marcia and he should come all fired up I mean after up against spent enough to put his team in a bad spot yeah I mean put that seemly faculty yeah and I think he's gonna do it anyways I mean he's been dynamic he's been such good play on here I mean he was unique kind of picked up back up apple a little bit of a dip. Are so he's simply admiral playing great before the suspension it's alive I yeah I would expect them just picked right picked out right up and he shoot enemies he was did the best offensive player on this on the team this year by fox. And I eighties that he do that to give my a chance regardless who they play too. Other points by for a New Hampshire one secondary scoring. Does this seem have or not. That final stats for the Bruins this year they had 910 goal scores okay. Martian 39 goals postured actress with 34. Crate she 23 Bergeron point wants it both at one Eagles seasons. That is a big drop off you'd doubts as Spooner and Dominic Moore both had eleven Chara in Frankfurt Toronto had ten. But Fred's right this week it was Stafford some big goals yet. The game winning goal Chicago was Kevin Miller the slight stumble for whoever else on that Kevin was unbelievable the great shot. Spiller had a goal in which got the game was a tip but yes and had a great season but he it was a big one but Sharia the breakaway goal last week to start the win over Florida. So they have had a bit or secondary scoring although the last two games they world noble one goal. You know each cell. I guess that would marching it was back and get the lines the way they want them they can spin it back to a couple of games and don't say we that's a better balanced scoring over the last two weeks. Immediately you're sitting at nine guys a double digit goals my ass and close to 4230. Goal scorers to twenty goal scorers back as you know is gonna end but seventeen that's only almost caught tunnels rocket about its when he. Yet Bryant's borrowed Dominic Moore those those guys are sport probation and a few locals out of the ship meal eleven goals. Think he should probably get between fifteen and twenty but you know who thought more was gonna get eleven this year. To Ciara chip they'll attend I think they got pretty pretty decent depth that it's not the best but. Basically you know the general to a solid front you know to shell lines and that's fourth line's been great lately you know that asks the Nash and at cherry. I'm dog mauled to talk more line that's that's been rolled pretty well lately shall basis that there are lines that almost that weakness right now and you know sometimes detective and a playoff content just kind of turn over to leave the old. Yeah team they play is gonna focus so much on the top two lines that of their environment you know what his salary and god knows what they're gonna do was Pulaski Stein isn't that reveals the show up to play it exactly ya you don't wanna be like you know what that the top two lines sadly it counted in this. I mean it's fun to allow open about it that it big twelve gauge being off at Sony faux. The third mind whoever. Cassie decides to use on it could step up and you know actually make of that I mean somewhat of a difference. You know it's a lot of time to see it would. Playoffs come around it and a guy like you only see blessed you've got and had a rough year did delighted it's a lot of times they they wipe out they do with the AJD drew. Like a Grand Slam lately kind of wipe out a bad deal once one. I will talk about some of the young guys suffer before back to Carlson got a lineup made his NHL debut. Broad persona his totals today will we see him again in the post season one about Mac avoid 617 sevenths and 97937. Its hi Anderson joins TD garden. Can't Lederer admirals Saturday skate Sports Radio that he. Ten Boston Bruins played their first NHL game this season and then the tenth was Jacob forced back a Carlson. With Boston University a couple weeks ago as twenty years old. Data out there any played a whopping eight minutes and 45 seconds they rear admiral wasn't they signature shelling and a sense he had a couple face us that sit in relief. Stand out to be much. But just back that he got in their pretty cool CM. Noble political local guy has successfully stay it local college guy as success in it you wonder. Whether Charlie Mack was going to be called up here in the post season now a couple of injuries not much clarity on Brandi Carlisle who left the game with the upper body injury looked like concussion. With a hit on from a desk in a period number one. And our date card says forget about to recruit in round one he's likely outlook the right knee injury for the whole series solar thin back there. Would you got a Mac voice in how about forced back to Carlson widget would each seat today do you think you'll see more of going forward here. I fought back a Collison from what I've you know read on prospect reports stuff he's not particularly flashy guy east you know woman that comparison. Will be total troop. To bigger and maybe use in this cup or trees spurs were on the style he plays or whatever but yet he needed really stand out today and our coaches you know he only played eight minutes I. I think today was just kind of frolicking out there and give get me to get some nerves out a way form now that first game and it's our league game but that was a while must win for the Bruins it was you know it was a boring game wasn't really a particularly exciting game. So you know to expecting kids are really do much of anything when the rest of his team really wasn't. Did too excited to watch I I don't I kind of puts a little bit of apart little bit of pressure on I figure you know we'll see more more of him and has as we do will seal a little bit more of what he can do. But yeah I would make anybody snap judgments on the kid and eight in eight minutes and 25 seconds of the game wears. Teammates look like it would've been rapist was some way have been rather idea that rather have been somewhere else the most began. As pro am sorry god smacked a boy Yani and that's the million dollar question right now like I said at. When we had an active role last week and he seemed to think you know McIlroy who's ready I know some other people who watch amount of Providence. Don't seem to think he isn't I don't you know I who knows what the draws attention. You know I don't yet know some people don't wanna bring that game right now for the energy level but it's like costs. You re gonna worry about potentially the half a million ball is a main involves privacy she is now wide right. Yeah of the three years and Alex gets paid quick ball the ball but he's the idea so that every year it gets paid more Jack Soviet tie him and he still you know what he's won it close and unrestricted which. You know what Mike. But don't act but actually he's not even see they still have his rights in Italy's police set right is currently forty years to correct or indeed the restricted free agent a year ago but it'll just be held at he'll get quicker to restrict the free agency in and make it more cash write it directly at a cost them some money down alignment its like. I don't think that's reason enough not you don't put the cattle there I understand you know the financial ramifications but. Him is that that if you need immediate exactly I mean if you're that age desperate and B think the kids ready. Roll hall yeah I mean and he's ready then you'll look great you look like oh you look like OK you made the right call if he's not so well lit up the only guy you know did little stake if he picked it turns out to be a sudden. You know he he makes great money restricted by the you know he's gonna make it anyways and I don't I just I just take a like worry five years now whine about potential. You don't muddy package might make you beat him at the cost of possibly the team now mean there's only while way to see if the kid is NHL ready and that's that's from all the. What here's the quote from last night where. Puts Cassie went down to Providence to watch the baby grows play last night Kevin dean the coach down their. Was asked how Mac of what looked after the game he said. Got him to present a couple times but didn't see him leaking oil in terms of closing in separating defending down low he held his own when he gets the puck on the stick it generally gets out of zone. I'd love to be a sediment he's on the ice he gave you the pocket full stride. So there's a guy. In the mold at least have to recruit that could spark some offense and Alaska Wii games without crew that was the game and a half they've missed. Yes and I mean I I wouldn't surprise me if they plug the kid radiant and it'll no one in the NHL seen him play in the NHL yet so that his element the surprised at. I mean he if he's as talented as well as we Arendt and like I said yell all we hear is that when that when the games on line this kid raises his level the you know he answers the call in the when the you know everything's on the lateral marbles on the line and he's like he did them to be you didn't win but screw that big goal he's. He shows up in big games and you know like I said has done does not a bigger than the NHL playoffs saw. If this kid is is that type of player now although he should private that vibe and he should you know he should want the park. And you know sometimes ignorance is Palestinian you know. Let's say who's been disappointing as a young guy any into the post season Frankfurt Toronto yes to date. Five minutes of final fight ice time. I forced back a couple sitting at 845 was like next lowest so you're you look at somebody barely played today. He's he's obviously in Cassie cdy council will but he hasn't scan me he was injured for four games he missed a little time there but before. He hasn't scored since February 26. This is a guy you are count on for some depth scoring it just has not been there is dried up he was hot for awhile and then. Bob it's often. Yeah he hasn't done anything he's he's kind of look like a one trick pony right now on this roster doesn't need any one trick ponies because. You know you got to do more than that yummy if he just going up and down of the wing and just snapping off I mean he does again only this is shot is NHL caliber but. You have to do more than that you have to you know you have to engage physically ought covered defensively and he's he's still are he's still learn his game we still young but. I don't know I don't know if they may be better of Iraq phone you know caught up out of brass from Providence and got back has been on fire. See what he has a mean if he's if he can bring a little more get to the game of the trial and throw in a market because they're trying to auto all these brave you know and and I don't even Ovie and his seven minutes that NATO with what we've seen of him lately right David he started with Krejci impostor night but also like a played with with that players he's just in Seattle one assists and swath from march 6 though now he's got one assistant a ball I think it was able fifteen games a so so. That's really it's not gonna be you're not doing federal for the team all they don't. I tie Anderson's out liberals locker Liggett his thoughts. See what he who we talked to a Stephen discounts he was in there yuk it up one million. Patriots Tom Brady was at the game yeah I already getting it right all he's you know I mean it's funny how assaults such likes look at vehement assault scheme event in Boston. And the draw is maybe they were all spot to be a little while the playoffs but the other don't have that right if you look at me I'm at this in fact but it bugged out of it's it was going to be a game three with the boroughs like the playoff return to TD garden they down 20 what's the applause what's it was to be near Tuesday night. DC flip a switch like yeah pretty New Hampshire was say no no atmosphere today in the other night. The building will be ready to thinks it out of Georgia even whether they opt to load balanced who all won one whenever I mean him you know may be alone services have been down regardless who they play but not have. 13 of all Bruins fans playoff time and they answered the bell this savages stated they spotted you know the penalty box the greatest Bob the north stock. All those places there are there early they get tired Taiwan on whether it's a Monday night or Saturday they'll be loud they'll be ready and they'll be rock and roll and. Tai Anderson joins us Ken their rear admiral Saturday skate Sports Radio WV. It's either the capitals of the senators around one for the Bruins. First time back here after a two year absence for stunt its 4014 to get a little playoff action will be Wednesday or Thursday night on the road. Senators have had eight straight road series in the playoffs for somebody to be hosting. For a long time since 2007 I think they hosted a series against the penguins make a case for Reno admiral. That you would rather play top seeded Washington in round one in Ottawa is there any discussion any debate here whatsoever which rather play auto or washing. I mean Ottawa and Washington is so stacked look you only pay rent for the league this year and it obviously the best team on paper on what they've done this year. I'm haven't said that you know a team like that it's just saying you know Bruins went brass stands in his head they steal two games in DC. All of a sudden all those ghosts from DC passers they creeped out and on these worries comes as an old Barry tried to try to put a put that story to bed. Would just press conference sustain you although that team has nothing to do it as you know that's not us Bob Bob Bob but it's like well. You have connective tissue with it to those teams and it's not just like a third a third line are all like us. The third period the units of it just dies you know yes stocks have been on these teams and of joked I mean no match can has a history. I'm not going far in the playoffs and and it's the capitals but he's there he's been the face of the capitals for a a ten years now have a cell. You know that that's that's a pile of their persona that's the capitals they they don't do we get a Donna playoffs and it's only do that's going to be it is so. The Bruins yet it would need to get an early jump I got to play the capitals. I and then they they like it and it adds a little bit but yeah man Tuukka Rask can steal a series it's. It's these 20 probably if there are the two best goalies in the league every Carey Price obvious he is in the head do nick and broad brush yet it would gold could. Seasons but. Talking like the last say five years I mean. Real raskin Braden hoping it probably two of the best three goalies in the also Craig Anderson presents much of a more appealing challenge because he is true is just the records that show like let's go back short time growing as well Craig can go to little trivia how short. I he didn't even play game he dressed he dressed he actually was a backup on couple game I think two with three games he backed up but I mean he was on a roster was like. One of these emergency backups but we had on Spitzer was this week that Zia capitalists and noses. As you build what Whitney building nodal Whitney was on no we had this kid is Ericsson assemble askew is named as you'll know what does it. Well you don't open up in the NHL SI say our. Goalie gets sick or an appendectomy or his wife that goes into labor and they have the you know bring them back up up for more of a lawsuit to file they can't of their backup image grab a local college kid or something and he becomes emergency back up ball. They use you don't get in the game it did happen earlier in Carolina. What their equipment guy he get in just leave for the bench and it pulled goalie. Well this kid's a boy as he voted for Chicago he aren't gonna which he was emergency back for the Blackhawks back in the samba. Didn't get in the game but the Blackhawks and that a plane and his wife a four game begin mile Blackhawks equipment mapped goalie mask everything. Sold the same thing happened reason he was in Philly so what happened when the black Marshall plan of Philly will be out the other days some have with the flyers back up. And then what's his face annoyed worth it took entity during the game they had a take on the Eiffel this kid in that up haven't addressed. Become the emergency back up with 24 seconds left packs all put Jamal yeah. Just to get a minister that you know but dubbed the row eskimo mennesses no you can't do it as he was the second emergency back up and I guess she he couldn't eat. Wasn't supposed to come in the game a less the goalie was actually hurt. The coaches you know just try to give the kid a memory which is cool but the rest like put the kibosh on it. But he had a really great story don't mean this ecology he didn't play division when he played clubs hockey. And he says he's in the Roman and they are they are orchard adamant. And it so the second game but he played for the flyers he had all Chicago Blackhawks weapons of it would get all over that they have the equipment it was it was pretty funny was a real really good kids WD interview some different similar. A story out scientist got the job DG been at WB I dot company was spent sort of similar long story that we tied joins us now from TD garden is going on Tyrus. What's the mood in the room two losses in a row going into the post season but it's a very anomalous. Shake our right that's certain not to do that. And it did not trickle down there at Torrey situations where. You don't you like economic power output and they log in give it called let you know that they're shortly Don. There's the whole affects things of that nature and I think it's parliament that any means you mentally ready to the playoffs. Odds are that it seems Catholic they want to avoid any further damage or injury or any of that nonsense that they had the game and so I I did. They're ready to go big on the captives and not gonna is gonna lose that he should do it in the filed an area. Any update at all and Brandon Carr lower at Indian tell you could do it could glean. You know from from your own sources. I'm not in the upper body see you know supper but it is glorified it is today and Iraq and finding out and ask anybody and I didn't it looked like you in the head injury battle on our current concussion and let nature but. It would be surprising that is what it turned out to sea but you knock your upper body. It like that you know like ally I was it was worthy of at least you need get a kick her fired as well. Wasn't a fan of of a badge and colliding. At his head in to be little bored there. Odd then that intentional I eat airport pain believe that it was intentional. Doping that it is a penalty worthy as a very elite. So idea Dick that we we see Mac O Boyle why that's seems to be the million dollar question right now with allusion to defense in the last couple games. Not I somewhat ridiculous because. You're not you're not occurred and Carla figures expert Asians should change and quicker way. So it my opinions outward and because you know I like losing it you're fighting and looting here. And are importing capital might well I don't think it worked that I don't think that that he want act goes into red wrap. So I still wouldn't you at the same time I don't really ought to play Joseph moral and help its scratch. Now because you're simply too much rust on it weighed. Those poor decision but still I I would make I don't think you want I'm unleashed its and hackable or just yet. It didn't seem like Hewitt who engaged today announced he is taken they just got I don't complacent the correct word but after they got the playoff bid. They kind of just relax a little bit they they kind of way able exhale are the kind of plane must win games and so on that that I feel like you seem to you today it's I. I think I think that apple comes out are expected it like at you like about here now or so hard he won our next week. That. A little bit or from the apple are academic and Bobby are about her off early. At some what I want to pop a cap back that he wrecked Arlo went eagle wreck Colin Miller when he argued each week and speaking aboard. At a when I wanted to give the Bruins get emotionally involved especially. Ordered play in the first round and an eclectic apple really took advantage of them are eager. Apparently there are pop but never looked back up. What's so what are the lines look like when the it's for game one time and I obviously marsh is back you'd expect he would Bergeron together creature impostor like have been together what like I guess the third line to be the money line Newt. Who's in who's out the Toronto point five minutes of final five today. Yeah that's sort of at the big questioner. The third line and a weight become what I'd go with it or edit out. Greg Anderson it was a minus three eat eat quite quite a bit it. That trial out is that we get it a few minutes or pocket call and we played a little bit as well you don't think you're getting in the air release so. I do think that that third line is we're going to be cup become a fourth line and I think you can expect for Toronto lunar and Lackey. And then your fourth on an idiot Sharia or our running back Dominic Moore and those guys will end up like more minutes. That's been the airline well but it is an issue because it's equity capped the secondary scoring and that rely on the guys that are. It beauty response on the net and enters the player I'll call out it's like you can't do so they're there and figure it occurred at the trauma that. And upper what they are. Banking on the Euro at some point is that lunar orbit charmer and nickel temperature here cold you're gonna become that go to our line we haven't seen. We're running out partner. I'm one what to incite any whispers about. The birthday boy and his New York comment. So any time soon. There are going to be signing artists I don't know he curled right in America. You would be more ready and what are also. It's just a lock certain job right and such clout on the that have been generated ago. I would cry entered what was I don't know if it's something pat. Is it realistic to expect but given what we did sparkle that third line or it could be a picture that may keep an eight player trade secrets that. Voter trot out. You have a bit more about and that's sort of what they need it if they're gonna be capitals are there and I need to compete with auto by those in the auto immediate goal. It was not good you fork and it's not clear that defensive shell they play so well. So your score and it's not coming from your current library now Nagy expect I think a lot app. If you're open as the Bruins say it's either it's a ten was our help tonight in the beat Toronto if you wanna if you want the Bruins and Ottawa. You're the scratches for the penguins' Matt Murray is getting Malkin Patrick court was Karl hagel of Bryan rust Chris kudos to the needle Brian doable and still others that they look like they're ready to play tonight. Looks like Toronto win tonight I mean. What what kind of odds you give them the Bruins right now for forgetting a series of Ottawa. You know watching him get dot big of an assortment tagged in general in this game I mean elite they're gonna leave for it really say. I think the pressure on this scheme so in the inherent pressure well and a damper. So. There's a chance there Pradesh is if he if they went tonight. I think that good night and you're your take on the app for rob and Blue Jackets are produced and dismal lately. I know that parliament. I don't particularly when he ran into is so. I think you're you're the biggest pregnant camera world and I. That he would vote track it may be negative or architecture member Q you know doormat Ernie Boch market where a couple of the world so so maybe it still on their. Birds that look good actor birds and no doubt. How about so big biggest storyline if it's. Boston Ottawa biggest storyline of this Boston Washington what it would you be right about this week. Oh big storyline that the captain prequel. Sort of here sort I've talked or before and you've been airtight Eric for his entire career. The only thing those that constantly score goals on the here and we are also under one. Thirteen where he got that bird for so long but not quite thirteenth last year I was gonna. And they want it Menem winning that series so he ate it got finally start eating habits aren't are great for. So technical watch. It's tender figure out how to beat the speakerphone trap without Torre group. He has served at the Antarctic are strong first half our own. He greeted with a with a look at the offense which is a deliberate effort that's when they are practiced and turn their back and so. If they don't have group pert near Ottawa at felt major trouble something here you got like I'll not step up and play remote. Hockey career what you got a lot or haven't you. It's not nice to join as a federal psyche next Sunday Sunday's 8:8 AM sharp though. Barbaric Erica your arm absolutely CNN's. Margaret. Tonight I thought he would've said Doug. Butch Cassidy get revenge against Washington I thought that would have been his or nine. That's all I don't 120 has not yet to about that a hundred years ago public enemy intensity gap to Tampa Bay regardless of whether it they get the playoffs not what they pulled off at the trading. You know true middle six forwards in the base it and number one goalie is. Not the short of impressive for its ultimate stamp goes on for a that's exactly and it got kind of volume that the idea is to play a distillation demands that he had no stamp post notes island Johnson. And then big trade three guys and they go on on on a run like this'll become so whether they get an an audit side yet ticket caps are daily are they in the islanders don't around yes yeah slight chance yeah and you know what he said don't. Rod though young team has a lot of pressure and yell Pittsburgh's not gonna lean on I mean all those guys are lineup but. Ilya replace what kids who gonna try to impress Marc-Andre flurries not Iraq but the school you know. The B interest and. A zero quickly Dickerson Chelsea in the phones are able to. One ties points about playing against the neutral zone trapping missing to recruit. They're more likely to dress Mac oval if they play Ottawa. That if they played capitals now if your client if you play the capitals he wants EU wants to veterans season defenseman back there. It's Ottawa needs somebody to the boss threw a zone trap I I would give back a voice shot. I think departing every guy opposites who did it again I'm you know if they don't bring him up they gonna bring about jobs to begin any Iraq against big enemies defenseman. Chris sells its Saturday's games the lakers. Boy calorie egg great show as always thank the move your around the attic at it every. That it and whoever that where they got a lot of great thank you dot what the scene of the Bruin defense. That would surely got fired. They had he would support drafted northeastern Matt Bennett. Well and struck a fired. Betting. Upstairs guy. One across to admit it literally and then let spending go with him. On the player now that Benning played no games and it count went 3 for north eastern. Street Edmonton now is their top four in the top Ford. Like happens I go for nothing. Is respectable I understand that is beyond the debit in the organization though surely be Agile decree that. But the weight the draft pick another team that betting without clip plus ten and eat it up or shut down the stats in Edmonton. It has gotten to know one of the brewers. What a terrible job scouting Linda gaggle for nothing and now not to bite them in the rear and as players got to say about that. And so talkers it's interesting and the citizen interest in team not just from the surely. Angle but that just paint sort of like Toronto first time in a long time they're back in they could not on C economy David. Ali said the young talent all over the place now but yet again a local guy betting it's been playing and you wonder how they're gonna handle first round pretty tight. Conference over their two adult and I'm with a division. And I can unseat the significant and again it is complete San Jose in round one. Yeah I think just a little better jockey left to be done down the wild guides which will be determined in what what does he goes to what division but. Eyes are betting I mean you know I don't think he was of the biggest prospects in the business as but he was dropped a bit you know back in 2012. And yet sounds like denied of I don't maybe died of a favor because we was or whatever and yeah they're obviously. It should be piano a lot better than it looks like the Bruins thought so it looks you know immediately came back to haunt them. I don't maybe he just fitted with what the Edmonton was the one he just wanted to and that of their. I dizzy certainly wasn't ya I got you we heard about as much as other prospects around here I don't think the brought to particularly Iowa and yeah I mean maybe they just actually was Jim is uncle Jim Benning not satisfy the tentacles it was probably. There's I'm pleased to please the Bruins yeah I mean they've added drafted because of who we was so maybe. When the batting left to be made a little bit easy elect like all of them I mean he played a northeast which is hockey school it's you know it's not PUBC and yet we get some town about this so. The other part BD's part one of those guys that they they let go any of it up Caribbean I thought. While in the broad sense somebody defenseman in the system quote unquote prospect defense including a Garrett grizzly coop who could be the guys that are called up. Here to Philly and if indeed calls out for awhile will seats funny crosses another sort of veteran guys that played pretty well down their province solely they have some options but. For the matter who it is and it's going to be a bit of a gamble here into the postseason you wrote that he I dike on about the awards season my first thought when martian. Had via the not break there the good I think the buzz there goes the Hart trophy and it's gone. Not only from the sample and listened to was the two most critical games of the year but also just perception wise what's you're right they're probably gonna be left out of all the awards across the. Or less. I guess you could give Cassie some law but penalty and now all of a sample not to get Jack Adams consideration to a few games for us and I mean he may get voted to but he's not there when it. And it erode its its we usually think there's one or two like almost went away what is with the jacket as the this year it's kind of a lot of guys gonna do we expect them to there was no real like young up Stotts as you know any any coaches that. What with dad teams really. Did do what they spectacular don't dim Viles Molly's hobby be awful lot of taken a lead this year they didn't. But Mike Babcock he's I think he's gonna when the coach of the year I mean it's hard but it's in the playoffs nobody had them yet in this soon. And I think I think you'll see him get it he's obviously Toronto media in the broadcast his vote on Astro I I think it's on his to lose right now against Toronto doesn't play offs. Randall a little real quick here. Saturday's game was on renal. All of them want that argument that I knew that. Also get my question then is up the good and obviously not feeling well to be in what it's like. Why why it's brought sitting on the bench it. Quite easily the biggest industries that works in fact if you win you'll owe it all together. And and I don't know what marsh and you know today by. You know they destroyed we learn. And people pointed gave her a cult and it was going to be. Yet it's a fair point we touched on earlier in the show Randall thanks for the Colin. I agree it's perplexing cancel it. Danny brought up the shoot out order the other night was something he was scratching his head over to relating to crate she shot on in the shoot out. But what do we make harassed not obviously IBC's fighting something and they wanted to gimbal arrests have been depose. I take issue with caught the biggest game of the year and yet I that's that's it wasn't the big scheme India yachts they when they would avoid Washington but. I mean. To Adobe had won six in a row he'd been playing great Rask it's like OK let's get out number one some rest before the playoffs and aid. You know when do we know he's was wrong that cup which he was still have some irritation with whatever the lower body injuries this is what dot. I'm so yeah I had no issue and given the day off and look how they played I don't think it will win no matter who these are only those goals were to build its fault docile and Carla charter blown past. The ticked active their third goals a thing of beauty no no stop that's exactly it would end and that a look out of you liberals let him play well so it did it would need to matters rests out of today's sell. Because he ended it became anyways vetoes it and you know I don't what did the columns and what he was wasn't feel well but now we don't know what it's so weird message I would imagine a team like and this game doesn't matter all that much work. No sir because they had these based out of Chicago last week in that game went out that was at the time the biggest gave the governor bill would stop that so I don't think it sends a message to the team at all. I mean they had to the next game because it was a back to back situation this was different it's like there's no reason Rask if he's healthy wouldn't of played this game right. Now he's I'm sure it was all the again it was you know it's probably I would scandal a one game off we know it's not a must when we don't actually have to win this game. You don't brass may be his whatever his father and maybe it's not a just like OK I want an Ohio I don't wanna tax my goal he won one game. Especially you don't know what though the odds fluke injuries but what's happening you know would have approved maybe it's like you don't want an order wrist put in a multi. Some fluke he averages put Google didn't like in the lower on what afresh to pace of the game one where everyone while that's true to deal is play acted and Scarlett apoplectic. And I does that look to got hurt you missed the playoffs you'd need a game wide angle was bingo that we ask your city that I personally. And if all right we will socked his Sunday morning. After probably he's gained throughout an ominous is gonna be a Thursday Saturday and the security as you age twenty years ago for me to show off the stove and cook them instead of creating 88 right decision boys suck it up I know our beef to get tough that. Playoffs got a second out by now. I NBA NE SP a radius coming up clippers that spurs we thank our fine sponsors why snacks eighteenth tee and star market Tai Anderson will be back in the saddle with this as well. So Sunday morning playoff action for substance what are fourteen it's excited about it what noted they play. Good to see him back in the mix for some can't wait that's the best idea who have obviously the salts that not at the masters baseball for the people who love baseball is the best army in what was diabetic eleventh this ingredient are best passed out of country to be in the Stanley. This is sports traded Libya. News & Analysis Recommended Columns Blogs Teams + John Tomase04/06/17 02:40 pm EST Patriots would have to be mad, [..] - John Tomase04/06/17 02:40 pm EST Patriots would have to be mad, bro, not to want Seahawks corner Richard [..] There's no better connected Patriots reporter than Comcast's Tom Curran, so when he says [..] + John Tomase04/05/17 10:45 pm EST Showdown? More like a beatdown as [..] - John Tomase04/05/17 10:45 pm EST Showdown? More like a beatdown as LeBron James, Cavaliers embarrass Celtics The standings told us the Celtics and Cavaliers were Eastern Conference equals. The [..] + Ty Anderson04/05/17 05:19 pm EST Clinching playoff spot is first [..] - Ty Anderson04/05/17 05:19 pm EST Clinching playoff spot is first step in Bruins staying relevant The Bruins were all smiles and breathing easier following Tuesday’s 4-0 win over [..] + John Tomase04/05/17 12:04 am EST Celtics one of unlikeliest No. 1 [..] - John Tomase04/05/17 12:04 am EST Celtics one of unlikeliest No. 1 overall seeds ever, but that's what's on line [..] The Celtics have placed themselves in a truly strange position. As basketball's biggest [..] + Ryan Hannable04/04/17 10:43 pm EST Further examining why Patriots [..] - Ryan Hannable04/04/17 10:43 pm EST Further examining why Patriots have been so aggressive this offseason Even on a day that was supposed to be all about baseball — Opening Day at Fenway [..] + John Tomase04/04/17 11:47 am EST Ready or not, Chris Sale is about [..] - John Tomase04/04/17 11:47 am EST Ready or not, Chris Sale is about to find out what it means to pitch for Red [..] It took a cold winter's day at Foxwoods for Chris Sale to finally realize what he was in [..] + Big Bad Blog04/10/17 01:02 am EST NHL announces schedule for [..] - Big Bad Blog04/10/17 01:02 am EST NHL announces schedule for Bruins-Senators playoff series The 16 teams are set and so is the round one schedule. In a battle of the [..] + Big Bad Blog04/09/17 08:44 pm EST Bruins will play Senators in first [..] - Big Bad Blog04/09/17 08:44 pm EST Bruins will play Senators in first round of 2017 Stanley Cup Playoffs It took until the final game of the season to figure it out, but the Bruins are [..] + Full Count04/09/17 04:39 pm EST Red Sox 7, Tigers 5: Sandy Leon [..] - Full Count04/09/17 04:39 pm EST Red Sox 7, Tigers 5: Sandy Leon stays white hot to lead late rally for victory What's left of the Red Sox didn't look sick when it mattered on Sunday. With [..] + Full Count04/09/17 12:50 pm EST Red Sox lineup: Mookie Betts [..] - Full Count04/09/17 12:50 pm EST Red Sox lineup: Mookie Betts returns, Andrew Benintendi stops puking, Jackie Bradley out The Red Sox are slowly emerging from triage. Right fielder Mookie Betts will [..] + It Is What It Is04/09/17 06:00 am EST Sunday 7: Only his growing family [..] - It Is What It Is04/09/17 06:00 am EST Sunday 7: Only his growing family could force Chris Hogan to take few days off from training this offseason 1. There hasn't been much time to rest this offseason for wide receiver Chris [..] + Big Bad Blog04/08/17 10:08 pm EST Bruins still do not know playoff [..] - Big Bad Blog04/08/17 10:08 pm EST Bruins still do not know playoff opponent and do not have a preference The Bruins were about 13 minutes from a date with the Senators. Tied at 2-2, it [..] + Red Sox04/04/17 11:47 am EST Ready or not, Chris Sale is about [..] - Red Sox04/04/17 11:47 am EST Ready or not, Chris Sale is about to find out what it means to pitch for Red Sox It took a cold winter's day at Foxwoods for Chris Sale to finally realize what he was in for [..] + Red Sox 04/03/17 07:09 pm EST Andrew Benintendi wastes no time [..] - Red Sox 04/03/17 07:09 pm EST Andrew Benintendi wastes no time proving he's real deal in Red Sox victory on Opening Day Gerrit Cole is a legit stud. Two years ago, he went 19-8 with a 2.60 ERA and finished fourth [..] + Patriots04/06/17 02:40 pm EST Patriots would have to be mad, [..] - Patriots04/06/17 02:40 pm EST Patriots would have to be mad, bro, not to want Seahawks corner Richard Sherman There's no better connected Patriots reporter than Comcast's Tom Curran, so when he says the [..] + Patriots 04/04/17 10:43 pm EST Further examining why Patriots [..] - Patriots 04/04/17 10:43 pm EST Further examining why Patriots have been so aggressive this offseason Even on a day that was supposed to be all about baseball — Opening Day at Fenway Park [..] + Bruins04/05/17 05:19 pm EST Clinching playoff spot is first [..] - Bruins04/05/17 05:19 pm EST Clinching playoff spot is first step in Bruins staying relevant The Bruins were all smiles and breathing easier following Tuesday’s 4-0 win over the [..] + Celtics04/05/17 10:45 pm EST Showdown? More like a beatdown as [..] - Celtics04/05/17 10:45 pm EST Showdown? More like a beatdown as LeBron James, Cavaliers embarrass Celtics The standings told us the Celtics and Cavaliers were Eastern Conference equals. The standings [..] Get alerts sent to your phone Sign up for the weei newsletter Network Stations Our station affiliates for original programming and game broadcasts: » WEEI Network Stations » Red Sox Radio Network WEEI Features Check out great daily deals with potential savings of more than 50%! » My Email Offers » WEEI Events » Community Events WEEI Mobile Access WEEI.com on your mobile device anytime, anywhere. Get the details. » WEEI Live App » Mobile Alerts from WEEI » Podcast WEEI Daily Mashup Sign up to receive WEEI's Daily Mashup Newsletter to have Boston sports news, audio on demand, LJ Cartoons and the Perks Daily Deal delivered to your inbox. Contests If Boston hits a Grand Slam Home Run on the 99th pitch thrown to a Boston batter, you could win big! Sign up today for Cumberland Farm's 99k Grand Slam Giveaway! Advertise With Us We will uncover your marketing needs, establish a reasonable budget and deliver results. Click here to advertise with us » Preferred Sponsors Facebook & Twitter Are you on facebook? Click here to view the WEEI facebook page and become a fan! You can also follow us on Twitter by visiting our page & subscribing to our RSS feed. WEEI Newsletters WEEI offers a variety of email newsletter subscriptions for Clubhouse Insiders. Check out our list of newsletters offerings here. Clubhouse Insider Join our exclusive listener club for access to the WEEI Stream, your chance to win great prizes, and to receive WEEI Newsletters. - Already a member? Log-in Whine of the Week Click here to listen to the past winners of the Whine of the Week and vote every Thursday night starting at 7pm for a chance to win prizes! WEEI Podcast Center Visit our Podcenter to subscribe to your favorite WEEI shows, Boston teams, and even the Whiner Line!. WEEI.com Partners WEEI will uncover your business’ marketing need, establish a reasonable budget with you to invest that will deliver results. » Preferred Sponsors LEEINKS Blog This blog is one-stop link shopping from Rob Bradford & Company. It is the hottest videos, stories, and rumors from around the web. Check it out.   Privacy Policy | EEO Public Files:Boston - Providence - Springfield - Worcester | Jobs | Contact us | Contest Rules | Community Events | Advertise with us | Press Room | Entercom | Stations | Site Map | Copyright Notice | Image Use | Terms of Use | Public Inspection File | Public Inspection File - Help   Copyright © 2017 Entercom Boston, LLC All Rights Reserved.  
 Learning to innovate internationally with Israeli-like intuition – The Post 7836 International Schools New Job Openings Toggle navigation Home News Local National International Business Careers Advice Workplace Feature of the week Culture Outdoors Science/Tech Øresund Arctic Politics Sports History of sport History Modern history Pre-1900 history Opinion Business Opinions CPH Voices Editorial Jobs Events Performances Music Film kids Art Nightlife Others Food & Drink Bars Restaurants Restaurant Map Cultural Calendar Classifieds Real Estate Schools Services Marketplace Churches & clubs Notice boards Personals Editions Supplements Learning to innovate internationally with Israeli-like intuition From its base in Europe’s answer to Silicon Valley, Innovation Centre Denmark can help its country’s startups to fulfil their potential His office looks like any home, his vision could change the way we live forever April 9th, 2017 7:00 am| by Ella Navarro Pradisiacal Tel Aviv’s ability to inspire investors and entrepreneurs pursuing new business ideas and ventures extends way beyond the splendorous blue sea visible from its coastline. Excellent human capital, infrastructure and a ‘chutzpah’ attitude are among the other elements that make Israel a world leader in innovation and a role model for countries like Denmark to follow. A tech gatekeeper Bill Gates called it when he visited Israel 12 years ago. “It is no exaggeration to say that the kind of innovation that is going on in Israel is critical to the future of the technology business,” he contended, and recent developments have underlined the country’s potential. For example, this month’s multi-billion dollar purchase of Mobileye – a startup that develops vision technology for Advanced Driver Assistance Systems – by US tech company Intel has really put Israel at the forefront again. “It’s a great deal: a representation of what Israeli companies are, and one that shows the growth of the Israeli tech sector,” said Avi Hasson, the chief scientist at the Israeli Ministry of Economy. Louise Vibjerg Thomsen, the commercial counsellor & innovation officer at the recently-established Innovation Centre Denmark (ICDK) in Tel Aviv – one of just seven established worldwide – concurs that the deal was an attention-grabbing one. “A lot of countries are looking to see what’s the intention of Intel,” she told CPH POST. “The acquisition came as a surprise, but it definitely shows that Israel is a technology centre and there is basically no area or field that Israel can’t play a part on.” Logical location The ICDK was set up in Tel Aviv last autumn for good reason. Already known as Silicon Wadi, the Israeli city has stolen a march on Scandinavia in the race to become Europe’s Silicon Valley, but there is no rivalry, contends Thomsen, only the desire for an ongoing collaboration between the countries to innovate. The ICDK acts as facilitator, identifying opportunities and bringing together relevant partners in Denmark and Israel. “There’s no competition between the countries, but more of a complementation,” said Thomsen. “They can be really good partners as Denmark and Israel are not necessarily strong in the same areas. Therefore, the two countries can collaborate and together they can make an alternative to Silicon Valley.” Complementary collaboration Denmark might not have that turquoise sea, but nobody can deny the charm of its famous lakes. And in terms of size – like Israel, it doesn’t have a big local home market or natural resources, so its economic drive comes from technology and research. While Israel has the cutting edge, Denmark’s location affords it a different perspective. “While we are both strong in the research field, Israel is really strong at commercialising the research, making sure all of this data gets out of the university and doesn’t just stay in a drawer, but is used by society,” contended Thomsen. Denmark can definitely learn from Israel, but there is also huge interest in Israel to work side-by-side with Denmark, she said. “Israelis regard Denmark as an absolute frontrunner in research and a country that is extremely trustworthy,” continued Thomsen. “Everything that comes from Denmark is usually of high quality. Therefore, Israelis see Denmark as a strategic partner for them.” A water tech deal signed earlier this year and their constant collaboration on digital health prove that the relationship is developing in a fructiferous way. “In the case of water shortage, Israel is very strong in the area of water-saving solutions,” explained Ann-Christina Lange, the innovation attaché & interim head at the ICDK. “It’s an example of how they see great potential for the Israelis and Danes to offer high-end, cutting-edge solutions to other markets together. We are both strong, but not strong enough to come on our own. Together we could become a great player.” The startup nation Israel is the ultimate startup nation. Still not 70 years old, its leaders have known from the beginning that innovation, dynamicity and flexibility was key to its survival, particularly given the challenges posed by its nature and neighbours. Inheriting an arid land, the country’s founders transformed its landscape thanks to the hard work and irrigation ingenuity of the kibbutzim, while its government promoted innovation, establishing an infrastructure for growth and expansion in the areas of science and technology. Its policies have encouraged startups to be global from day one. Tax incentives and policies, meanwhile, encourage investors, entrepreneurs and multinational companies to get involved. “We want the best people to be involved in innovation,” explained Hasson. “We have created an aggressive corporate dividend tax as part of the OECD, for multinationals registering their intellectual property in Israel in order to put an end to the tax shelter and to incentivise them to bring their investment into the country.” Israel currently has 70 bilateral agreements. Not including the US, Tel Aviv has more startups listed on NASDAQ than any other city. And outside investment continues to grow, with 2016 being yet another record year. A hotbed of talent In Israel, entrepreneurs are treated like rockstars and many of its citizens are motivated to become one. It’s seen at the ultimate crowning of the ‘chutzpah’ attitude that no challenge is insurmountable and failure is not an option. “Israelis don’t like to follow orders, so they have to become entrepreneurs,” contended Eran Shir, the CEO of startup Nexar. Compulsory national service instills in young Israelis a multitude of qualities: knowledge, problem-solving skills, an appetite for risk-taking, and the ability to quickly learn from mistakes. Benjamin Soffer is the CEO of Technion, the Institute of Technology of Israel, where many of the country’s brightest minds come after finishing their national service. The institute is charged with nurturing a living spirit of entrepreneurship that permeates every corner of the campus. It encourages students to become entrepreneurs and to think globally. This, according to Thomsen, is another area in which Denmark can imitate Israel. “We want to teach Danish entrepreneurs and Danish startups to adopt the same kind of worldview,” she said, adding that Israel itself is an excellent choice of stepping stone. Dismissive of the perceived dangers of the country, Thomsen is adamant that the country has a bright future. “We really encourage the Danish companies to see the potential because the risk is minimal,” she said.   Fact file Israel: need to know Free trade agreement with Denmark Biggest markets are the US and Asia-Pacific 53 percent of exports are hi-tech World’s leading spender on R&D as a percentage of GDP 85 percent of startup incubator costs are state-funded Successful Israeli startups Mobileye (autonomous car tech) Intuition Robotics (elder-care robots) Airobotic (drones) Morphisec (cyberattacks) Zebra (medical diagnoses) Fifth Dimension (AI) Infinity (AR) ICDK helps DK startups join an Israeli incubator form an export strategy look for investors access technologies access innovation camps Contact Louise Thomsen via loutho@um.dk Related News Denmark and Israel cosying up on water tech Israeli startup deal proves Denmark is on the right track with self-driving cars We've got self-driving cars, now Denmark wants self-driving ships Latest News Community About Town: From Camelot to Cisternerne to Cinemateket Activities Ballet Review: An audiovisual ballet performance masterclass Business Learning to innovate internationally with Israeli-like intuition Art The changing nature of time About Us Denmark's leading source for news in English. In addition to publishing the only regularly printed English-language newspaper in Denmark, we also provide constantly updated on-line news. Advertise with us The Copenhagen Post is the only English-language newspaper in Denmark reporting Danish news. For all advertising enquiries, please contact : Telephone: +45 3336 3300 Email: sales@cphpost.dk Quick Links About Us Where To Buy Advertise with us Our Employees News National Politics Business Careers Advice Greater Copenhagen Careers Advice Activities Art Concerts Opinion CPH Post voices Weekly Post & Supplements Daily Post Visit Post Sports Events Events Copyright 1997-2014 Online Post | All Rights Reserved Copyright 1997-2015 Online Post | All Rights Reserved
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Global Cyber Security Market Share, Size, Growth Opportunities, Key Driven Factors, Market Scenario Forecast to 2022 This report studies Cyber Security in Global market, especially in United States, Canada, Mexico, Germany, France, UK, Italy, Russia, China, Japan, India, Korea, Southeast Asia, Australia, Brazil, Middle East and Africa, focuses on the top Manufacturers in each country, covering Request a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/811403-2017-2022-global-top-countries-cyber-security-market-report Symantec Intel IBM Cisco Trend Micro Dell Check Point Juniper Kaspersky HP Microsoft Huawei Palo Alto Networks FireEye AlienVault AVG Technologies Fortinet ESET Venustech H3C NSFOCUS Access Complete Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/811403-2017-2022-global-top-countries-cyber-security-market-report Market Segment by Countries, this report splits Global into several key Countries, with sales, revenue, market share of top 5 players in these Countries, from 2012 to 2017 (forecast), like 1 United States 2 Canada 3 Mexico 4 Germany 5 France 6 UK 7 Italy 8 Russia 9 China 10 Japan 11 India 12 Korea 13 Southeast Asia 14 Australia 15 Brazil 16 Middle East 17 Africa Split by Product Types, with sales, revenue, price, market share of each type, can be divided into Cyber Security Software Cyber Security Hardware Cyber Security Service Provider Split by applications, this report focuses on sales, market share and growth rate of Cyber Security in each application, can be divided into Financial industry Aerospace, Defense and Intelligence Telecommunication Table of Contents 2017-2022 Global Top Countries Cyber Security Market Report 1 Cyber Security Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Cyber Security 1.2 Cyber Security Segment by Types 1.2.1 Global Sales Market Share of Cyber Security by Types in 2015 1.2.2 Cyber Security Software 1.2.3 Cyber Security Hardware 1.2.4 Cyber Security Service Provider 1.3 Cyber Security Segment by Applications 1.3.1 Cyber Security Consumption Market Share by Applications in 2015 1.3.2 Financial industry 1.3.3 Aerospace, Defense and Intelligence 1.3.4 Telecommunication 1.4 Cyber Security Market by Countries 1.4.1 United States Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.2 Canada Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Germany Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 France Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 UK Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Italy Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 Russia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.8 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.9 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.10 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.11 Korea Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.12 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.13 Australia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.14 Brazil Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.15 Mexico Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.16 Middle East Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.17 Africa Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Cyber Security Overview and Market Size (Value) (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Market Cyber Security Overview 1.5.2 Global Market Cyber Security Revenue (Million ) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) 2 Global Cyber Security Sales, Revenue (Value) and Market Share by Manufacturers 2.1 Global Cyber Security Sales and Market Share in 2015 and 2016 by Manufacturers 2.2 Global Cyber Security Revenue and Market Share by Manufacturers in 2015 and 2016 2.3 Global Cyber Security Average Price by Manufacturers in 2015 and 2016 2.4 Global Cyber Security Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area, Product Types by Manufacturers 2.5 Cyber Security Market Competitive Situation and Trends 2.5.1 Cyber Security Market Concentration Rate 2.5.2 Cyber Security Market Share of Top 3 and Top 5 Manufacturers 2.5.3 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion 3 Global Cyber Security Sales, Revenue (Value) by Countries, Type and Application (2012-2017) 3.1 Global Cyber Security Sales, Revenue and Market Share by Countries (2012-2017) 3.1.1 Global Cyber Security Sales and Market Share by Countries (2012-2017) 3.1.2 Global Cyber Security Revenue and Market Share by Countries (2012-2017) 3.1.3 Global Cyber Security Price by Countries (2012-2017) 3.2 Global Cyber Security Sales, Revenue, Market Share and Price by Type (2012-2017) 3.2.1 Global Cyber Security Sales and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 3.2.2 Global Cyber Security Revenue and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 3.2.3 Global Cyber Security Price by Type (2012-2017) 3.3 Global Cyber Security Sales and Market Share by Application (2012-2017) 3.4 Global Market Cyber Security Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 4 Global Cyber Security Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 4.1 Symantec 4.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 4.1.2 Cyber Security Product Types, Application and Specification 4.1.2.1 Type 1 4.1.2.2 Type 2 4.1.3 Symantec Cyber Security Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 4.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 4.2 Intel 4.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 4.2.2 Cyber Security Product Types, Application and Specification 4.2.2.1 Type 1 4.2.2.2 Type 2 4.2.3 Intel Cyber Security Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 4.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 4.3 IBM 4.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 4.3.2 Cyber Security Product Types, Application and Specification 4.3.2.1 Type 1 4.3.2.2 Type 2 4.3.3 IBM Cyber Security Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 4.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 4.4 Cisco 4.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 4.4.2 Cyber Security Product Types, Application and Specification 4.4.2.1 Type 1 4.4.2.2 Type 2 4.4.3 Cisco Cyber Security Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 4.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 4.5 Trend Micro 4.5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 4.5.2 Cyber Security Product Types, Application and Specification 4.5.2.1 Type 1 4.5.2.2 Type 2 4.5.3 Trend Micro Cyber Security Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 4.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 4.6 Dell 4.6.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 4.6.2 Cyber Security Product Types, Application and Specification 4.6.2.1 Type 1 4.6.2.2 Type 2 4.6.3 Dell Cyber Security Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 4.6.4 Main Business/Business Overview 4.7 Check Point 4.7.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 4.7.2 Cyber Security Product Types, Application and Specification 4.7.2.1 Type 1 4.7.2.2 Type 2 4.7.3 Check Point Cyber Security Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 4.7.4 Main Business/Business Overview 4.8 Juniper 4.8.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 4.8.2 Cyber Security Product Types, Application and Specification 4.8.2.1 Type 1 4.8.2.2 Type 2 ……Continued Purchase Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=811403 Contact Us: Norah Trent Partner Relations & Marketing Manager Sales@Wiseguyreports.Com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US)  Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK)       CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Cyber Security Market growth, Cyber Security Market Industry Analysis, Cyber Security Market Opportunities, Cyber Security Market Share, Cyber Security Market size, Cyber Security Market Status, Cyber Security Market Trend, Global 1, Google News, International Space Station, ISS, NASA, Roscosmos, satPRnews, SpaceX, Telecommunications, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 2017 Asia-Pacific Paints and Coatings Market Segmented by Product and Application 2022 Next PostNext Asia-Pacific Pressure Sensitive Adhesives (PSA) Market-Forecasts and Trends (2017-2022) Search Recent Posts Thermoplastic Polyolefin Market: Prosperity of Automotive and Construction Industries Driving Demand By 2024 Global Bitcoin Technology Market by Denominations, Services, Industry, Geography, Trends and Forecast to 2022 Digital marketers’ guide to online reviews Saline filled Intragastric Balloons Market to grow at 9% CAGR from 2016 to 2024 Research Developments Project Operational Intelligence Market to Gain Maximum Growth By 2021 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 April 2017 by Military News 3 Top Dividend Stocks in the Server Industry Servers are, in many respects, the backbones of technology industry. They serve as critical infrastructure on which a host of other functions rest. Considering their importance, it should come as no surprise that the server market is one of the largest sub-industries in all of tech; global server sales totaled $14.6 billion in Q4 2016, according to research firm IDC . Cloud computing is undoubtedly changing the industry, but the leading server manufacturers remain several well-known tech companies. In this article, we’ll look at three dividend-paying, large-cap stocks that investors interested in the server market should consider. Image source: Getty Images. Hewlett-Packard Enterprise It is the world’s largest server provider, and servers sales constitute the single-largest revenue contributor among Hewlett-Packard Enterprises ‚(NYSE: HPE) six reporting sub-sections, accounting for $14.0 billion of the IT giant’s $50.1 billion FY 2016 sales. Like the rest of the market, Hewlett-Packard Enterprise’s server sales have remained fairly static, declining just 0.7% from 2015 to 2016. For those unfamiliar with it, the company was formed from the 2015 split of the iconic tech conglomerate Hewlett-Packard. HP Inc . was created to house the PC and printer division, which remain in secular decline, while Hewlett-Packard Enterprise was created to hold the more promising businesses. However, looking at current analyst estimates, it isn’t immediately clear that those businesses are, in fact, more promising. Wall Street analysts see the company’s 2017 estimated sales falling 28% and its FY 2018 revenue declining a further 17%. Interestingly, this kind of sales attrition did not reveal itself in HPE’s most recent 10-K filing; FY 2016 total revenues fell a mere 3.8%. As such, investors considering buying HPE for its income-producing abilities should keep in mind that many observers widely expect its business to gradually deteriorate in the coming years. Buyer beware. In terms of its dividend stats, HPE yields slightly less than the market average of 1.94%. The company raised its dividend in December, so its shares yield 1.28% on a trailing-12-month rate basis, and 1.48% on a forward basis. It also enjoys plenty of room for future rate increases — HPE’s payout ratio sits at just 12.6% — though its revenue growth outlook profile remains a critical consideration for anyone looking at HPE stock. International Business Machines Unlike HPE, the dynamics at International Business Machines ‚(NYSE: IBM) server business better reflect the on-the-ground reality of the server industry. IBM organizes its sales of its three main server products under the umbrella of its Systems reporting segment. For its fiscal 2016, sales of IBM’s physical servers plummeted 21.8% to $5.9 billion. This might seem dire, but it’s important to remember that cloud computing and IBM’s various software-as-a-service offerings still rely on servers to power their systems. In fact, IBM’s cloud revenues grew 49% in 2016 to a run rate of $5.8 billion, or roughly the same size as IBM’s current server sales base. Said another way, IBM’s shifting business model hasn’t eroded the server as a key driver of its sales. Rather, the rise of cloud computing means IBM is selling server-powered software to customers, rather than physical servers themselves. In terms of its dividend payments, IBM shares currently yield 3.2%, well above market averages. The company has done an admirable of job steadily increasing its payouts as well. Though not a Dividend Aristocrat, IBM has increased its annual cash payments for 17 consecutive years. It also bears noting that IBM has been one of the most active companies in corporate America in terms of rewarding its shareholders through stock buybacks as well. So, while IBM doesn’t command the same kind of server market share as HPE, the company’s continued progress in its ongoing business pivot and above-average yield make it one of the more appealing income-producing stocks to appear on this list. Intel Another interesting dividend play tied to the server industry could be investing in one of the suppliers that provides hardware components to the industry at large. If that’s your flavor, then chip giant Intel (NASDAQ: INTC) is perhaps your best bet. Intel is widely acknowledged to control an estimated 99% of the server microprocessor market, making it a proxy for the industry as a whole. As such, companies that make and sell physical servers to customers, like HPQ and IBM, use Intel chips to power their products. However, major cloud computing providers — like Amazon , Alphabet , and others — also use Intel server chips to power their respective cloud infrastructures. As such, investing in Intel can be seen as a nice way to invest in the industry growth as a whole, while saving the headache of having to determine which specific server manufacturer will perform the best. Seasoned tech investors will also recognize Intel as one of the industry’s best-known dividend stocks . Though fairly mature from a sales growth perspective, Intel handsomely rewards its shareholders through cash distributions and stock buybacks. Intel’s current dividend yield sits at a respectable 2.9%. Its 49% payout ratio should give the company the flexibility to continue to raise payouts in the future as well. And while not a Dividend Aristocrat — Intel missed raising its dividend as recently as two years ago — the company has demonstrated a general commitment to growing its dividend. As just one example, Intel’s cash distributions grew from just $0.07 in its FY 2000 to $1.04 in its FY 2016. So, while Intel doesn’t directly produce servers, its shares can still be an interesting way for investors to generate dividend payments from the server industry all the same. 10 stocks we like better than Intel When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor , has tripled the market.* David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now…and IBM wasn’t one of them! That’s right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys. Click here to learn about these picks! *Stock Advisor returns as of April 3, 2017. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool’s board of directors. Andrew Tonner has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A and C shares) and Amazon. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 3 Big Biotech Stocks With Big-Time Catalysts Next PostNext How Apple Inc. Makes Most of Its Money Search Recent Posts HiFX Morning Update, April 10 2017 HiFX Morning Update, April 10 2017 BioTelemetry, Inc. Launches a Tender Offer to Acquire LifeWatch AG 2017 Monongahela NF Prescribed Fire (Prescribed Fire) National Public Safety Telecommunications Week Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
IE Home Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Gadgets Review Photos Videos Mobile & Tabs Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Gadgets Microsoft’s Surface Pro 5 to offer minor upgrades over its predecessor: Report Microsoft’s Surface Pro 5 to offer minor upgrades over its predecessor: Report Microsoft blogger Paul Thurrott revealed that the Surface Pro 5 will feature Intel's seventh-generation 'Kaby Lake' processors. By: Tech Desk | New Delhi | Updated: April 10, 2017 10:12 am Surface Pro 5 will likely to look like the previous generation Surface device. (Image of Surface Pro 4 for representation). It’s been a year and half since Microsoft’s Surface Pro 4 hit the market and many fans are anticipating a refresh to come sooner rather than later. New rumours indicate that an upgrade to the Surface Pro 5 is imminent. According to Windows-focused blogger Paul Thurrott, the next-generation machine is expected to feature Intel’s seventh-generation ‘Kaby Lake’ processors. He also said that there’s “nothing dramatic” about the new device compared with its predecessor. Those hoping to see a drastic change in the design may well be disappointed. As Thurrott understands it the Surface Pro 5 will likely to look like the previous generation Surface device. That’s not a bad thing – after all, the Surface Pro 4 is a well designed machine. Evidently, it’s being said that the Surface Pro 5 will be compatibility with the existing Surface Pro 3 and Pro 4 accessories, including Type Cover keyboards and the desktop docking station. But the tablet is expected to get support for USB Type-C ports, though Thurrott himself hasn’t confirmed it. Surface Pro 5 will not change the Surface Connect power connector, I was just told. Kaby Lake, nothing dramatic. — Paul Thurrott (@thurrott) April 6, 2017 The upcoming premium laptop-tablet hybrid will take advantage of Intel’s ‘Kaby Lake’ processors. The Surface Pro 4, in contrast, uses Intel’s last-generation Skylake processors. If this information is true, then the Microsoft is planning to give the Surface Pro 5 a minor refresh. Also read: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 review blog: Not a tablet, this is a laptop replacement First unveiled in September 2015, the Surface Pro 4’s hardware now look a bit dated. Initially, it was believed that Microsoft would announce the fifth-generation Surface Pro in October 2016. As it turned out, there was no mention of the Surface Pro 5. Instead, we saw the announcement related to the Surface all-in-one (AIO) and a Surface Book with Performance Base, a minor upgrade over the original . In fact, both the Surface Pro and Surface Book lineup are already due for a major update. Microsoft is expected to hold a Surface hardware event in a matter of few weeks at which the Surface Pro 5 appears to be making an appearance. However, if ZDNet’s Mary Jo Foley is to be believed, the Surface Book 2 might not get a refreshed version at the event. For all the latest Tech News, download Indian Express App now © IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd Tags: microsoft Best of Express RK Nagar bypoll: EC scraps April 12 polling as voter bribery charges fly EntertainmentNot Kapil Sharma, Sunil Grover's new project is with Sunny Leone! Watch his video EntertainmentDad is doing better: Akshaye Khanna confirms that father Vinod Khanna is recovering well EntertainmentPreeti Simoes rejects doing a new show with Sunil Grover. Is she still a part of The Kapil Sharma Show? EntertainmentAkshay Kumar in tears as he launches his dream app for Indian jawans, see pics Must Read Sports'Glad youngster like Rana, Hardik carried us through' SportsI think we can improve our death bowling: Pandey SportsRohit Sharma reprimanded for showing dissent TechnologyApple’s red iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus to be available in India by end of this week TechnologyVivo V5 Plus IPL Limited Edition now available to buy from Flipkart at Rs 25,990 TechnologyMoto E4 Plus receives FCC certification, likely to feature 5,000mAh battery LifestyleAmrita Lahiri on Kuchipudi male dancers, their 'exaggerated femininity' on stage and 'Samudra' Apr 10: Latest News Hong Kong protester jailed over anti-China clashes Why has the Election Commission scrapped bypoll in Chennai’s RK Nagar constituency? China’s Buddhist body to sue media for ‘tarnishing’ religion, releasing video showing monks dancing at wedding RK Nagar bypoll: EC should initiate CBI probe against Tamil Nadu CM, says MK Stalin Half Girlfriend: When Punjabi munda Arjun Kapoor became Bihari boy Madhav Jha                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Help Make A Great 2017: This site is primarily supported by advertisements. Ads are what have allowed this site to be maintained for the past 12 years. We do our best to ensure only clean, relevant ads are shown, when any nasty ads are detected, we work to remove them ASAP. If you would like to view the site without ads while still supporting our work, please consider our ad-free Phoronix Premium. You can also consider a tip via PayPal. Intel Has A Last Feature Pile Of Work For Linux 4.12 DRM Written by Michael Larabel in Linux Kernel on 9 April 2017 at 07:39 AM EDT. 2 Comments On Friday, Intel's Daniel Vetter submitted a final pile of feature material for DRM-Next that will target the Linux 4.12 kernel, with the deadline for 4.12 DRM-Next being this weekend. Already this cycle for DRM-Next we have seen from Intel atomic mode-setting by default, GPU reset improvements, power management improvements, continued work on Geminilake enablement, better context switching, refactoring of GuC and HuC firmware code, vGPU enhancements, and other changes. With this last 4.12 feature pull, there are GVT (Graphics Virtualization Tech) updates including initial Kabylake support for Xeon E3 CPUs. There is also a time-slice based vGPU scheduling quality of service component to GVT. On the i915 DRM front there are "lots and lots of small fixes and improvements all over", improvements to the GuC code, refactoring of other code, and other general code improvements. More details via this pull request. 2 Comments Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Linux Kernel News Linux 4.11-rc6 Released Freedreno's MSM DRM Driver On Linux 4.12 Gets 4K Support For Newer Hardware Kernel Lockdown: Tightening Up Linux Kernel Access From User-Space Heterogeneous Memory Management v19 Published, Will It Be In Linux 4.12? Etnaviv DRM Updates For Linux 4.12 Mini TTY In Development For The Linux Kernel Popular News Ubuntu To Abandon Unity 8, Switch Back To GNOME NVIDIA's "Open-Source Guy" Has Left The Company Google Kahlee: The First AMD-Powered Chromebook AMD Ryzen Has Captivated Linux Gamers & Enthusiasts Mark Shuttleworth Makes More Comments On Ubuntu GNOME, Mir, Convergence Mark Shuttleworth Reportedly Returning To Role As Canonical CEO Latest Linux News Linux 4.11-rc6 Released Freedreno's MSM DRM Driver On Linux 4.12 Gets 4K Support For Newer Hardware Changes To Find With The Upcoming Release Of GCC 7 UBports' Fork Of Unity 8 Plans To Eventually Get On Wayland Intel Has A Last Feature Pile Of Work For Linux 4.12 DRM GNOME's Mutter Begins Landing Monitor/Display Rework It's Now Easier Testing Out Xfce Git Code With Docker Meson Build System Prepares For Growth Mark Shuttleworth Makes More Comments On Ubuntu GNOME, Mir, Convergence All FreeDesktop.org Projects Now Appear To Have A Contributor Covenant Latest Featured Articles AMDGPU vs. Radeon DRM With GCN 1.0/1.1 GPUs On Linux 4.11, Mesa 17.1-dev A Look Back At The Desktop & X.Org/Wayland/Mir Milestones Of Ubuntu CPUFreq vs. P-State CPU Scaling Governor Tests On Various Vulkan/OpenGL Games Kicking Off April With An Eight-Way BSD/Linux Comparison 14-Way NVIDIA Kepler/Maxwell/Pascal OpenGL vs. Vulkan With Mad Max On Linux Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2017 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: 3 Top Dividend Stocks in the Server Industry Breaking down the income investing case for server stocks IBM, Hewlett-Packard Enterprise, and Intel. Andrew Tonner (TMFTheDude) Apr 8, 2017 at 4:31PM Servers are, in many respects, the backbones of technology industry. They serve as critical infrastructure on which a host of other functions rest. Considering their importance, it should come as no surprise that the server market is one of the largest sub-industries in all of tech; global server sales totaled $14.6 billion in Q4 2016, according to research firm IDC.  Cloud computing is undoubtedly changing the industry, but the leading server manufacturers remain several well-known tech companies. In this article, we'll look at three dividend-paying, large-cap stocks that investors interested in the server market should consider. Image source: Getty Images. Hewlett-Packard Enterprise It is the world's largest server provider, and servers sales constitute the single-largest revenue contributor among Hewlett-Packard Enterprises' (NYSE:HPE) six reporting sub-sections, accounting for $14.0 billion of the IT giant's $50.1 billion FY 2016 sales. Like the rest of the market, Hewlett-Packard Enterprise's server sales have remained fairly static, declining just 0.7% from 2015 to 2016. For those unfamiliar with it, the company was formed from the 2015 split of the iconic tech conglomerate Hewlett-Packard. HP Inc. was created to house the PC and printer division, which remain in secular decline, while Hewlett-Packard Enterprise was created to hold the more promising businesses. However, looking at current analyst estimates, it isn't immediately clear that those businesses are, in fact, more promising. Wall Street analysts see the company's 2017 estimated sales falling 28% and its FY 2018 revenue declining a further 17%. Interestingly, this kind of sales attrition did not reveal itself in HPE's most recent 10-K filing; FY 2016 total revenues fell a mere 3.8%. As such, investors considering buying HPE for its income-producing abilities should keep in mind that many observers widely expect its business to gradually deteriorate in the coming years. Buyer beware. In terms of its dividend stats, HPE yields slightly less than the market average of 1.94%. The company raised its dividend in December, so its shares yield 1.28% on a trailing-12-month rate basis, and 1.48% on a forward basis. It also enjoys plenty of room for future rate increases -- HPE's payout ratio sits at just 12.6% -- though its revenue growth outlook profile remains a critical consideration for anyone looking at HPE stock. International Business Machines Unlike HPE, the dynamics at International Business Machines' (NYSE:IBM) server business better reflect the on-the-ground reality of the server industry. IBM organizes its sales of its three main server products under the umbrella of its Systems reporting segment. For its fiscal 2016, sales of IBM's physical servers plummeted 21.8% to $5.9 billion. This might seem dire, but it's important to remember that cloud computing and IBM's various software-as-a-service offerings still rely on servers to power their systems. In fact, IBM's cloud revenues grew 49% in 2016 to a run rate of $5.8 billion, or roughly the same size as IBM's current server sales base. Said another way, IBM's shifting business model hasn't eroded the server as a key driver of its sales. Rather, the rise of cloud computing means IBM is selling server-powered software to customers, rather than physical servers themselves. In terms of its dividend payments, IBM shares currently yield 3.2%, well above market averages. The company has done an admirable of job steadily increasing its payouts as well. Though not a Dividend Aristocrat, IBM has increased its annual cash payments for 17 consecutive years. It also bears noting that IBM has been one of the most active companies in corporate America in terms of rewarding its shareholders through stock buybacks as well. So, while IBM doesn't command the same kind of server market share as HPE, the company's continued progress in its ongoing business pivot and above-average yield make it one of the more appealing income-producing stocks to appear on this list. Intel Another interesting dividend play tied to the server industry could be investing in one of the suppliers that provides hardware components to the industry at large. If that's your flavor, then chip giant Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) is perhaps your best bet. Intel is widely acknowledged to control an estimated 99% of the server microprocessor market, making it a proxy for the industry as a whole. As such, companies that make and sell physical servers to customers, like HPQ and IBM, use Intel chips to power their products. However, major cloud computing providers -- like Amazon, Alphabet, and others -- also use Intel server chips to power their respective cloud infrastructures. As such, investing in Intel can be seen as a nice way to invest in the industry growth as a whole, while saving the headache of having to determine which specific server manufacturer will perform the best. Seasoned tech investors will also recognize Intel as one of the industry's best-known dividend stocks. Though fairly mature from a sales growth perspective, Intel handsomely rewards its shareholders through cash distributions and stock buybacks. Intel's current dividend yield sits at a respectable 2.9%. Its 49% payout ratio should give the company the flexibility to continue to raise payouts in the future as well. And while not a Dividend Aristocrat -- Intel missed raising its dividend as recently as two years ago -- the company has demonstrated a general commitment to growing its dividend. As just one example, Intel's cash distributions grew from just $0.07 in its FY 2000 to $1.04 in its FY 2016. So, while Intel doesn't directly produce servers, its shares can still be an interesting way for investors to generate dividend payments from the server industry all the same. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Andrew Tonner has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A and C shares) and Amazon. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Andrew Tonner (TMFTheDude) Andrew Tonner is a senior tech specialist for The Motley Fool. He is a graduate of The University of Arizona with a degree in Finance. Follow @andrewtonner Article Info Apr 8, 2017 at 4:31PM Technology and Telecom Stocks IBM NYSE:IBM $172.14 down $0.31 (-0.18%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $36.03 no change (0.00%) HP NYSE:HPQ $17.37 down $0.19 (-1.08%) Alphabet (A shares) NASDAQ:GOOGL $842.10 down $-3.00 (-0.35%) Amazon NASDAQ:AMZN $894.88 down $-3.40 (-0.38%) Alphabet (C shares) NASDAQ:GOOG $824.67 down $-3.21 (-0.39%) Hewlett Packard Enterprise NYSE:HPE $18.28 up $0.26 (1.44%) Read More 3 Beaten-Up Internet of Things Stocks: Are They Bargains? 1 Way Intel Corporation Wants to Improve R&D Efficiency Why Long-Term Investors Should Prefer NVIDIA Over Intel 4 Tech Stocks to Buy with Dividends Yielding More than 3% Inside Intel Corporation's Foundry Ambitions Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current 3 Top Dividend Stocks in the Server Industry @themotleyfool #stocks $IBM, $INTC, $HPQ, $GOOGL, $AMZN, $GOOG, $HPE
PBS NEWSHOUR WATCH politics Shields and Brooks Supreme Court Vote 2016 Politics Monday arts Art Beat Poetry Photo Essays nation Supreme Court Race Matters Essays Brief But Spectacular world Social Entrepreneurship economy Making Sen$e Social Security Ask the Headhunter Paul Solman science Science Wednesday Innovation and Invention Miles O’Brien health Long-Term Care education Teachers Teachers’ Lounge Student Reporting Labs teachers The Rundown TV SCHEDULE ABOUT US FEEDBACK PRESS SUBSCRIPTIONS PRIVACY JOB OPENINGS RECENT PROGRAMS POLITICS ARTS NATION WORLD ECONOMY SCIENCE HEALTH EDUCATION TEACHERS THE RUNDOWN SUBSCRIBE FOLLOW US A BLOG OF NEWS AND INSIGHT News Now: Health Supreme Court Vote 2016 Politics Rep. Mike Conaway to replace Nunes as head of House Russia probe EMAIL BY Mary Clare Jalonick, Associated Press  April 6, 2017 at 6:53 PM EDT Rep. Mike Conaway, R-Texas, conducts a 2015 news conference at the House triangle. On Thursday, Speaker Paul Ryan tapped Conaway to continue the investigation after House intelligence committee Chairman Devin Nunes, R-Calif., stepped aside. Photo By Tom Williams/CQ Roll Call. WASHINGTON — The longtime Texas Republican tapped to lead the House probe into Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election is more familiar quietly working on agriculture issues. But Rep. Mike Conaway has created headlines. He expressed skepticism about the high-profile probe and compared the foreign interference from Russia to Mexican entertainers trying to get out the vote for Democrat Hillary Clinton in Nevada. “Those are foreign actors, foreign people, influencing the vote in Nevada,” Conaway told the Dallas Morning News. “You don’t hear the Democrats screaming and saying one word about that.” On Thursday, Speaker Paul Ryan tapped Conaway to continue the investigation after House intelligence committee Chairman Devin Nunes, R-Calif., stepped aside, citing ethics complaints that he mishandled classified information. RELATED CONTENT Devin Nunes recuses himself as House Intel chair during Russia probe The biggest questions yet to be answered in the Russia probe WATCH: After NYT report on Nunes, Spicer invites lawmakers to view intel material Despite his party credentials — he’s a longtime friend of former President George W. Bush — Conaway has worked with Democrats during his seven terms in the House. He’s the current chairman of the House Agriculture Committee, in which alliances often fall along regional, not party lines. He’s also a former chairman of the House Ethics Committee, which reviews ethics charges on a bipartisan basis. In a statement Thursday, Conaway promised to work across the aisle. “My profession as a CPA and auditor has taught me to be objective and methodical, and that is how I intend to help lead this investigation,” he said, adding that he is confident he and the top Democrat on the panel, California Rep. Adam Schiff, “will be able to work together to conduct an effective, bipartisan investigation.” During the intelligence committee’s first hearing on the Russia probe last month, Conaway questioned FBI Director James Comey on how intelligence agencies prove who is behind a hack and what a foreign leader’s “intent” is. He appeared skeptical of intelligence agencies’ assessment that Russian President Vladimir Putin wanted Trump to win because he didn’t like his Democratic opponent, Clinton. “I mean the logic is that because he really didn’t like president — the candidate Clinton — that he automatically liked Trump. That assessment’s based on what?” Conaway asked. Conaway grew up in and represents deeply conservative West Texas, where he met and worked for Bush years ago as an accountant. He served in the Army and is an ordained deacon in the Baptist church. When he became chairman of the agriculture panel, he started a new tradition of saying prayers before every committee meeting. Schiff said in an interview with The Associated Press that Conaway is “a straight shooter.” The Democrat also noted that Conaway isn’t close to President Donald Trump. Nunes was on the White House transition team, and Democrats have complained he was too friendly with the president as the panel investigated ties between Trump’s campaign and Russia. Nunes last month disclosed that Trump associates’ communication had been swept up by U.S. spy agencies and, he suggested, mishandled by Obama administration officials. “I have worked with Mike for many years now,” Schiff said. “I have a lot of respect for him.” READ MORE: Amid FBI investigation, White House tries to distance Trump from campaign aides Trump himself confirmed that he’s not close with Conaway, saying Thursday, “the gentleman replacing (Nunes), who I don’t know, I hear is a very, very highly respected man. High quality.” The Texas Republican supported Trump in the election last year, and publicly offered to help him with advice on agriculture issues. But it wasn’t clear if the campaign took him up on that. In February, Conaway was critical of Trump for comments he made in a 2005 recording released during the presidential campaign. In the recording, Trump made a series of comments about groping women. At an Agriculture Department event, Conaway said Trump’s comments “should never have happened, it was never excused in a private conversation.” But he had stronger words for women who carried explicit signs targeting Trump at the Women’s March on Washington the day after the inauguration. “There was a taint to that march that just cut me to the core,” Conaway said Feb. 23. “Women carrying signs and wearing costumes in the foulest, nastiest, crudest, crassest manner possible, talking about female body parts.” Referring to the song “God Bless America,” Conaway asked, “Can God bless the killing of 57 million babies in 43 years? Can he bless the coarsening of our society, the language we use, the stuff that comes out of Hollywood that we think’s entertainment, the way we deify in many instances the folks that put that on?” He added: “You’ve got to live a moral code.” Associated Press writers Julie Pace and Eileen Sullivan contributed to this report. SHARE ON FACEBOOK SHARE ON TWITTER SHARE VIA TEXT devin nunes mike conaway Paul ryan russia investigations PREVIOUS POST WATCH: U.S. hints at military action to retaliate against Assad NEXT POST U.S. fires missiles into Syria in first attack on Assad regime Are you aware of our comment policy? PBS NewsHour allows open commenting for all registered users, and encourages discussion amongst you, our audience. However, if a commenter violates our terms of use or abuses the commenting forum, their comment may go into moderation or be removed entirely. We reserve the right to remove posts that do not follow these basic guidelines: comments must be relevant to the topic of the post; may not include profanity, personal attacks or hate speech; may not promote a business or raise money; may not be spam. Anything you post should be your own work. The PBS NewsHour reserves the right to read on the air and/or publish on its website or in any medium now known or unknown the comments or emails that we receive. By submitting comments, you agree to the PBS Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, which include more details. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. READ THIS NEXT U.S. fires missiles into Syria in first attack on Assad regime SUBSCRIBE FOLLOW US SUPPORT FOR PBS NEWSHOUR PROVIDED BY SUBSCRIBE PODCAST: ITUNES | XML HEADLINE FEEDS: XML | ALL BROADCAST REPORTS PBS NewsHour Weekend full episode April 9, 2017 Tech industry confronts new visa guidelines Is college worth the cost? California cities show stark differences on immigration PBS NewsHour Weekend full episode April 8, 2017 Assessing the aftermath of U.S. airstrikes in Syria Group gives cash aid to rural Kenyans, then studies its effects MOST READ MOST DISCUSSED 1 An ‘Earth-sized’ telescope takes aim at the first-ever image of a black hole 2 Before you send your spit to 23andMe, what you need to know 3 California cities show stark differences on immigration 4 Is college worth the cost? 5 Hyundai, Kia recall 1.5 million vehicles after engine failures 1 Where do you stand on the March for Science? 2 States want more career and technical training, but struggle to find teachers 3 U.S. threatens more pressure on Syria after missile strikes 4 Photo: Who was in the room when Trump was briefed on Syria? 5 Palm Sunday bombings, claimed by ISIS, kill dozens in Egypt Loading... WATCH FULL BROADCASTS LISTEN FULL AUDIO PODCASTS SUPPORT FOR PBS NEWSHOUR PROVIDED BY TOPICS RECENT PROGRAMS POLITICS ARTS NATION WORLD ECONOMY SCIENCE HEALTH EDUCATION TEACHERS TV LISTINGS ABOUT US PRESS FEEDBACK SUBSCRIPTIONS PRIVACY JOB OPENINGS © 1996 - 2017 NewsHour Productions LLC. All Rights Reserved. Support the kind of journalism done by the NewsHour... Become a member of your local PBS station.
Technology content trusted in North America and globally since 1999 7,456 Reviews & Articles | 54,791 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket AM4 Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU TRENDING NOW: Project Scorpio hits 4K 60FPS in Forza 6 Home News Gaming Project Scorpio shouldn't cost $700, nor $399 Analysts pinpoint Project Scorpio's cost as low as $399 and as high as $700, and we think both of these are wrong. Here's why By: Derek Strickland | Gaming News | Posted: 1 day, 3 hours ago Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA Now that Microsoft has confirmed it's new 4K-ready Project Scorpio console can indeed hit native 4K 60FPS at Ultra preset, there's been lots of speculation on how much the system will cost. Leading game analysts toss out their predictions, and we weigh each price point to see what makes sense.     First we have the outlandish $700 price prediction from IDC's Lewis Ward, who predicts Scorpio must ship at $700 for Microsoft to make any money.   "I estimate the basic hardware will cost around $650, so if Microsoft wants any kind of margin at all, Scorpio will have to retail for $700 or more," Lewis told Games Industry.biz. The analyst justifies his prediction by pointing at Alienware's VR-ready Aurora PC, which sports an RX 480 GPU and Intel i5-7400, which somehow equates Project Scorpio's specs. "If you look at the Alienware Aurora, which is a solid VR-ready PC, that currently costs about $1,000. I think Scorpio will come in below that, but how much below is unknowable at this point."   Let's start with this one.   First of all, the Alienware Aurora PC uses discrete hardware designed for a PC platform. Every component is separated and can be swapped out. Of course we can't equate highly customized consoles with dedicated desktops given the nature of the massive advantage discrete hardware has over custom console-grade components.   But Microsoft has done something unprecedented with Scorpio's Jaguar CPU and Polaris-derived GPU by customizing the hardware on a silicon level to essentially make it their own. They've taken AMD's Jaguar microprocessor and Radeon Polaris graphics technology and tweaked both into a supercharged form capable of achieving native 4K gaming at 60FPS. The 16nm SoC has the console's powerful and efficient Scorpio Engine serving as the heart of the system itself.     Now Project Scorpio's 6TFLOP GPU is derived from AMD's Polaris architecture, and has been directly compared to AMD's Radeon RX 480 and for good reason: Scorpio's customized GPU has quite similar perf to the RX 480 in terms of specs.   Scorpio's GPU has more Compute Units, at 40 CU, and has a smidgen more TFLOP power, but the RX 480 has a higher core clock at 1266MHz versus Scorpio's 1172MHz. And, of course, the Scorpio's GPU is 16nm FinFET versus the RX 480's 14nm FinFET, but both are still Polaris. But remember, we can't exactly compare like for like here considering one component is a dedicated desktop-grade video card, and the other is a super-customized chip designed to work in its own self-contained environment.   Comparing Scorpio's CPU to the CPU inside of the $1000 Alienware Aurora is even trickier. But in terms of specs, the console features an extremely customized 8-Core CPU "Jaguar evolved" x86 CPU at 2.3GHz of frequency. The Aurora's 14nm Intel i5 7400 CPU has 4-cores and 4 threads at 3.00GHz frequency and 6MB cache versus Scorpio's 4MB L2 cache.   And the Core i5-7400 has a max TurboBoost frequency of 3.50GHz.     It just doesn't add up   So where am I going with all of this?   The analyst's reasoning behind a $700 price point is based on the components used in Scorpio, and he uses an Alienware Aurora PC with specific internals as a basis for pricing. But the components just don't match up, not really, and they never will because one is a dedicated desktop and the other is a console machine that requires highly scaled hardware.   Microsoft has essentially taken the kind of components found in a PS4 Pro and customized them in such a way that's never been done before in a console, creating an extremely efficient and synergized platform whose parts are all harmonized on a software and hardware level.   Realistically speaking, there's no real way a Polaris GPU and Jaguar CPU should be able to support native 4K 60FPS, but Microsoft has achieved it by unifiying enhanced hardware and software in an intelligent, flexible design.   Scorpio has been customized on the silicon level, but the robust software pipeline is the yin to the console hardware's yang; the system ensures that games don't waste any power and only use the resources they need. The system marries efficiency, flexibility, scalability and raw power in such a way that facilitates surprising, almost magical results.   As Digital Foundry's Richard Leadbetter says, Scorpio achieves this harmony with something called the Hovis Method.   "It turns out efficiency in the Scorpio design isn't just baked in at the silicon level--it's there throughout the entire box. Microsoft has implemented what it's dubbed the Hovis method, named after the guy who came up with the concept. The Hovis method means this: every single Scorpio engine processor that comes off the production line has its own power characteristics...because every piece of silicon is ever so slightly different. Rather than apply the usual one-size-fits-all power delivery system, every Scorpio motherboard is balanced with its specific processor. This helps keep heat down and ensures peak efficiency."     Polaris GPU, Jaguar CPU + customization = lower cost   So how does this tie into the console's cost?   Since Scorpio uses a Jaguar CPU and Polaris-grade GPU, the system could be quite cheaper than my original $599 prediction. Since Scorpio has a nice memory bump to 12GB GDDR5 RAM alongside a vapor chamber cooling assembly, I still don't think it'll cost $399, as Webdush Securities analyst Michael Pachter predicts.   But it certainly could cost a lot less than $700.   "The price will matter, and if it is over $400, it might be a tough comparison to the PS4 Pro," Pachter told GamesIndustry.biz. "If it is $400 or less, they should start to gain some share... 4K TV owners who are gamers will gravitate to a 4K console. That will become a more meaningful niche this holiday, as 4K TVs are pretty consistently priced under $1000."   Yes, Microsoft will have some trouble convincing gamers to gravitate away from PlayStation's dominance. However, Scorpio does something that PS4 Pro can't: native 4K 60FPS and more dynamic VR and AR experiences. Scorpio also guarantees that every original Xbox One game will run better out of the box.   Scorpio also guarantees super-sampling for all Xbox One games in 1080p, and further tightens dynamic resolution trade offs in titles like Halo 5 and Doom.     Despite the beefier specs, Scorpio represents a power play on Microsoft's part, a move that could pull more developers into its unified console-PC slipstream and afford more exclusive content. Devs that use DirectX 12 in their games will be attracted to the DX12 API built into Scorpio's GPU, which alleviates CPU workloads by half in DX12 games like Battlefront, Battlefield 1, Gears of War 4, etc. That extra CPU power can then be used to further optimize the game in various ways.   Plus Scorpio gives devs access to 3GB of extra GDDR5 RAM--a total of 8GB of Scorpio's total 12GB of memory--to do with as they please; this extra memory can be used in a multitude of different ways, even serving as an IO cache to boost loading times in 1080p Xbox One games.   But is Pachter's $400 estimate accurate?   I don't think so. I think Microsoft does want to compete with PS4 Pro, no question, but it just seems too cheap for all that work. And I believe the Xbox One S still stands as a contender against PS4 Pro. Scorpio is probably one of the most intricately planned console ever made, and Microsoft pulled lots of hardware tricks to get the system in its current shape. It definitely represents a step beyond PS4 Pro, and the price tag should be adjusted accordingly.   I've already outlined why I think Project Scorpio won't be $399 here, so be sure to check out all my thoughts on the subject.   "Scorpio will be a premium console. It will cost more than S, obviously, this is how we are building it up," Microsoft's Phil Spencer said. "We have not announced the pricing yet, but want to make sure that the investment we are making in the product of Scorpio goes hand in hand with the requirement of high-end consumer and that means a higher price."     Project Scorpio's cost: my predictions   So how much should Project Scorpio cost?   I pin the 1TB "Xbox One Ultra" at $459 - $499. Of course that name is just speculation from me. Scorpio's official branding hasn't yet been revealed.   I hope this bit of coverage has helped you gauge your expectations of Project Scorpio in terms of power, value, and of course, price. Sometimes I see predictions that kind of blow me away, and I felt the need to address this with an article.   Project Scorpio will release Holiday 2017 and Microsoft is set to reveal the system at their E3 2017 showcase.   Check below for a full list of Project Scorpio coverage.   Project Scorpio confirmed specs   SoC: Highly customized 360mm² AMD System-on-Chip built on 16nm FinFET GPU: Polaris-derived GPU with 40 Compute Units at 1172MHz, 6TFLOPs of Compute Performance CPU: Custom x86 "Jaguar Evolved" 8-core CPU at 2.3GHz, 4MB L2 cache Memory: 12GB GDDR5 memory with 326GB/s bandwidth (12x 6.8GHz modules on a 384-bit bus) Storage: 1TB 2.5-inch HDD Media: 4K UHD Blu-ray player     Project Scorpio has custom hard disk to load 4K textures   DirectX 12 games will have advantage in Project Scorpio   Project Scorpio could be a sleek compact powerhouse   Project Scorpio devs have access to 8GB GDDR5 RAM   Xbox Scorpio: the best display of AMD technology yet   Project Scorpio will play all Xbox One games better   Project Scorpio could challenge GTX 1070 and Fury X GPUs   Project Scorpio rocks high-end vapor chamber cooler   Project Scorpio hits 4K 60FPS in Forza 6   Project Scorpio: 6 TFLOP Polaris GPU at 1173MHz, 2.73GHz Jaguar CPU, 12GB GDDR5 memory NEWS SOURCES:Gamesindustry.biz Recommended for You Far Cry, Assassins Creed creative director exits Ubisoft... Can Project Scorpio's custom hard drive be swapped... Microsoft: Project Scorpio leaps ahead of all consoles... Gearbox backpedals from G2A deal, but the damage is... >> NEXT STORY: Princess Leia will return for 'Star Wars: Episode 9' << PREVIOUS STORY: BioWare is pushy with Mass Effect: Andromeda's update Related Tags Project Scorpio Microsoft 4K Xbox Xbox Scorpio Windows 10 Windows 10 UWP Xbox Xbox One Gaming Alienware AMD IDC Intel Jaguar Wedbush Got an opinion on this news? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts Mega Man to return in new animated TV Show Super Nintendo returns with transparent exterior Intel panic ryzing: X299 reportedly launching in June PowerColor RX 580 Red Devil Golden Sample spotted NVIDIA's new TITAN Xp teardown, reveals GP102-450 GPUView More News Posts Forum Activity Power Rangers Movie Review Mass Effect: Andromeda Review: Falling Stars How does PC-7H top fan mount work? Update corrupt backup BIOS EVO 960 and a PM961 in a Raid 0View More Forum Posts Press Releases ADATA launches the XPG SX7000 PCI Express 3.0 x4 M.2 2280 SSD Toshiba announces volume availability of 8TB HDD model - company's largest enterprise capacity HDD ENERMAX intros STEREOTWIN & STEREOSGL, Wireless Stereo Speakers Eurocom launches the lightweight 17.3' PX7 Pro SE Mobile Server G.SKILL announces Trident Z RGB DDR4-3333MHz 128GB (16GBx8) kitsView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2017 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Home» Feeds» Thomson Reuters» Canada Technology Fidelity becomes first asset manager to join blockchain group IC3 Add to ... By Anna Irrera NEW YORK — Reuters Published Monday, Apr. 10, 2017 12:12AM EDT Last updated Monday, Apr. 10, 2017 12:12AM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Fidelity Investments Inc has become the first financial institution to join the Initiative for CryptoCurrencies & Contracts, a group of academic institutions and technology companies looking to develop blockchain-based technology. Fidelity Labs, the innovation arm of asset manager Fidelity, will be a member of IC3 along with Cornell University, University of California at Berkeley, University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign, the Technion, IBM Corp and Intel Corp, the company said in a statement. The Boston-based fund manager will collaborate with the group to develop blockchain programs to help make financial systems more efficient and secure. Blockchain, which first emerged as the system underpinning cryptocurrency bitcoin, is a distributed record of transactions that is maintained by a network of computers, rather than a centralized authority. Over the past two years, financial institutions have been ramping up their investments in the technology in the hopes that it can help the make some of its processes simpler and cheaper. Potential use cases range from systems to manage international payments, to programs to settle securities trades. In a bid to accelerate development and adoption of blockchain, companies have been joining forces in several industry consortia and groups. Banks have been more vocal about their efforts than asset managers, with most large lenders having joined a group led by New York-based startup R3. Most recently a group of 30 companies, including several banks, launched a new blockchain consortium called the Enterprise Ethereum Alliance. "What IC3 brings is that academic computer science legacy that can help us explore how this technology can be applied," said Hadley Stern, senior vice president at Fidelity Labs, explaining why the asset manager had chosen the group. Use cases the asset manager is interested include the settlement of repurchase agreements transactions, Stern said. Despite the excitement around blockchain, the technology is still in its early days and proponents warn that it may take years before financial institutions can fully reap its benefits. IC3, which is based at the Jacobs Technion-Cornell Institute at Cornell Tech in New York City, conducts research aimed at developing blockchain that meets the standards needed to be deployed by businesses. "Expected outcomes of our work include new blockchain and smart contract technologies that are secure, incrementally deployable, and efficient to meet the industry's needs," said Emin Gün Sirer, co-director of IC3 and a professor at Cornell University in Ithaca, New York (Reporting by Anna Irrera; Editing by Lisa Shumaker) This content appears as provided to The Globe by the originating wire service. It has not been edited by Globe staff.   INTC-QIntel Corp Latest Price$36.03 0.00 (0.00%) IBM-NInternational Business Machines Corp Latest Price$172.14 0.00 (0.00%) Updated April 7 4:00 PM EDT. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. Topics University of California at Berkeley Intel Corporation Cornell University International Business Machines Corporation University of Illinois Technion Fidelity Investments Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » News Scarlett Johansson 'disappointed' in Ivanka Trump Report on Business This tiny Toronto house sold for $370,000 over asking News Opinion: Saunders: Trump's surprise airstrike part of U.S. political tradition News McCain: We need further air operations in Syria News Clashes at U.N. over U.S. airstrikes on Syria Report on Business Carrick Talks Money: Three ways retirees can defend their savings against a stock market crash Technology Student-designed rocket reaches record heights News Trudeau, Hollande mark centenary of Vimy Ridge battle Report on Business Inside the Market: Three things investors should pay attention to in Q2 Technology LiFi tech turns light bulbs into Internet transmitters Life Want to lose that gut? The Globe's Dave McGinn has three tips from his effort to trim down News Moscow says U.S. ties 'hurt' by Syria missile strike ◀ ● ● ● ▶ More from The Globe and Mail Report on Business Growth slows for Canadian farmland value amid declining field-crop prices Arts With her Leonard Cohen tribute, Feist found a way to say goodbye Most popular U.S. hardens stance on Russia over al-Assad support Fifth body recovered in hiking disaster near Vancouver April 10: Your daily horoscope Kelly: Garcia’s Masters victory the ultimate act of redemption All of Canada would pay the price if Toronto’s real estate bubble burst X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Technology content trusted in North America and globally since 1999 7,456 Reviews & Articles | 54,791 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket AM4 Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU TRENDING NOW: Project Scorpio hits 4K 60FPS in Forza 6 Home News CPU, APU & Chipsets Intel panic ryzing: X299 reportedly launching in June Intel reportedly launching X299 in June, a direct response to AMD's Ryzen CPUs By: Anthony Garreffa | CPU, APU & Chipsets News | Posted: 3 hours, 28 mins ago Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA AMD has well and truly shaken up the consumer CPU market with its new Ryzen processors, and it seems it has had a profound effect on Chipzilla - which has reportedly rescheduled the launch of their next-gen X299 platform, bringing the launch up to June.     Intel was reportedly planning to launch X299 and their new Skylake-X and Kaby Lake-X processors sometime in the first week of August, but now Intel will reportedly launch Skylake X in late-June. This means we should see it fully unveiled during Computex in late-May/early-June, with the new CPUs arriving on the LGA2066 socket (Socket R4) - without integrated graphics.   The difference between Skylake-X and Kaby Lake-X is that Kaby Lake-X will offer 4 cores, while Skylake-X offers up to 10 cores. NEWS SOURCES:Videocardz.com Recommended for You AMD Ryzen 5 1600 hits 4GHz, offering 6C/12T at $219... AMD issues its third Ryzen Community Update AMD preparing Ryzen 3 1200, mainstream 3.1GHz CPU AMD Ryzen 5 1600 reviewed, 6C/12T combats Core i7-... >> NEXT STORY: Super Nintendo returns with transparent exterior << PREVIOUS STORY: PowerColor RX 580 Red Devil Golden Sample spotted Related Tags Intel AMD Intel X299 AMD Ryzen AMD Ryzen 7 1800X Intel X299 Got an opinion on this news? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts Mega Man to return in new animated TV Show Super Nintendo returns with transparent exterior Intel panic ryzing: X299 reportedly launching in June PowerColor RX 580 Red Devil Golden Sample spotted NVIDIA's new TITAN Xp teardown, reveals GP102-450 GPUView More News Posts Forum Activity Power Rangers Movie Review Mass Effect: Andromeda Review: Falling Stars How does PC-7H top fan mount work? Update corrupt backup BIOS EVO 960 and a PM961 in a Raid 0View More Forum Posts Press Releases ADATA launches the XPG SX7000 PCI Express 3.0 x4 M.2 2280 SSD Toshiba announces volume availability of 8TB HDD model - company's largest enterprise capacity HDD ENERMAX intros STEREOTWIN & STEREOSGL, Wireless Stereo Speakers Eurocom launches the lightweight 17.3' PX7 Pro SE Mobile Server G.SKILL announces Trident Z RGB DDR4-3333MHz 128GB (16GBx8) kitsView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2017 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
MENU Subscribe Newsletters Events Webinars Papers Magazine Jobs Storycards Advertise Awards Programs About Govtech.com Center for Digital Government Center for Digital Education Digital Communities Future Structure Public CIO Social Innovation Nation Magazine / Subscribe / Newsletters / News / Events / Webinars / Papers / Advertise / Jobs / Storycards / About / More Close TECHNOLOGY Applications Computing Platforms Data Gear Network Security Social Web JURISDICTION State Local Federal Education DOMAINS/ PRACTICE AREAS Budget and Finance Health and Human Services Justice and Public Safety Transportation Education Trump’s Infrastructure Plan: What’s Included? North Carolina Governor Names New State CIO Deep Machine Learning Startup Pluto AI Raises $2.1M Reliable, Connected Infrastructure Is Vital to the Future of Autonomous Vehicles (Industry Perspective) What’s New in Civic Tech: NYC Funding Program Boosts Health Tech Startups How Government Is Reforming IT Procurement and What it Means for Vendors Close EDITORIAL Masthead Submit News COLUMNS Lohrmann DIGITAL MEDIA Newsletters Videos Photos RESOURCES Public Sector Jobs OUR NETWORK Emergency Management Public CIO Governing FutureStructure Center for Digital Government Center for Digital Education COMMUNITIES GovTech Exchange Digital Communities PROGRAMS Surveys and Awards INDUSTRY Industry Insider Navigator Media Kits Labs COMPANY About Us Contact Us Press Privacy Jobs © 2017 All rights reserved. e.Republic | Privacy & Terms | Contact Us | Facebook | Twitter | Industry Insider | Labs | Advertise Government Technology: State & Local Government News Articles Mobile Storage Drive Frees Up Your Phone, Encrypts Content Plus, Panasonic’s Toughbook CF-33 features business interfaces and Dell’s Interactive Touch Monitors offer a touch display for collaboration. by Miriam Jones / April/May 2017 Room to Grow The SanDisk iXpand Flash Drive is a mobile storage device designed to help users free up space on their iPhone and iPad — now offering up to 256 GB of additional capacity. It features a flexible Lightning connector and a USB 3.0 connector so users can quickly and easily move photos and videos between their phone and tablet, and Mac or PC. The drive allows users to automatically back up their camera roll and content from social networking sites, and watch popular video formats straight from the drive via the iXpand Drive app. The drive also includes encryption software that password-protects files, letting people share their content while helping keep sensitive files protected across devices. sandisk.com Rugged Workhorse Panasonic announced the Toughbook CF-33, the company’s 3:2 aspect ratio, fully rugged 2-in-1 detachable laptop, powered by the latest-generation Intel Core vPro processor. The laptop also has a set of business interfaces with additional customizable options to meet a worker’s needs. Designed for outdoor use in bright sunlight or heavy rain, the Toughbook CF-33 has a 12-inch, 10-finger capacitive dual-touch QHD screen (2160 x 1440 pixels). The laptop comes with Intel i5-7300U, 8 GB RAM (4 GB and 16 GB project options) and 256 GB SSD (project options 128 GB and 512 GB). panasonic.com Interactive Touch Monitors Dell’s 55-inch and 86-inch 4K Interactive Touch Monitors (C5518QT and C8618QT) offer a touch display for collaboration with up to 20 touch points for classrooms and meeting rooms. New InGlass touch technology allows for a more natural writing experience with two (included) passive styluses, as well as anti-glare and anti-smudge coating on the cover glass for easy viewing. Both monitors feature 4K UHD resolution and utilize monitor technology for clear text and images. The monitors can integrate a Dell OptiPlex Micro desktop within the back panel. dell.com See more features from the April/May 2017 issue. Miriam Jones  |  Chief Copy Editor Miriam Jones is chief copy editor of Government Technology, Governing, Public CIO and Emergency Management magazines. She joined e.Republic in 2000 as an editor of Converge magazine.   AS SEEN IN April 17 ISSUE Filter By Topic All ALL TECHNOLOGY Applications Computing Platforms Web & Social Network Data Security Gear JURISDICTION State Local Federal Education DOMAINS/ PRACTICE AREAS Budget and Finance Health and Human Services Justice and Public Safety Transportation Education    Videos      Photos Load More
Software store | AliExpress | MightyApe | The Grand Tour | Amazon Prime | Amazon Fire TV | Amazon (Kindle, books, electronics) Home Forums News Articles Reviews Price comparison Email Blasts Slack Search Contact Welcome Guest. You haven't logged in yet. If you don't have an account you can register now. Forums › Offers and Wanted › WTB: AMD GPU cheap TimA 4398 posts Uber Geek +1 received by user: 1240 Trusted Topic # 212735 10-Apr-2017 11:36 Hey all,   Does anyone have an AMD or ATI graphics card that will run with a 420W PSU? Specs are: Windows 10, 6 core AMD FX 6300 and M5A78L-M LX V2. If someone has something to work with that it would be great! Not looking to spend much, based in Auckland. Cheers.         1 | 2 Next askelon 453 posts Ultimate Geek +1 received by user: 22 Subscriber   Reply # 1760136 10-Apr-2017 11:57 I have a Sapphire HD 7770 Id be willing to part with for $75. Runs much better (and cooler) than the 5770 I had!   nakedmolerat 4260 posts Uber Geek +1 received by user: 785 Trusted Subscriber   Reply # 1760138 10-Apr-2017 11:59 I have ATI HD 5970 (essentially crossfire). Just pull it out from my desktop. Free TimA 4398 posts Uber Geek +1 received by user: 1240 Trusted   Reply # 1760139 10-Apr-2017 12:02 nakedmolerat: I have ATI HD 5970 (essentially crossfire). Just pull it out from my desktop. Free       Heck i couldnt say no to free :O, I had a 5770 5 years ago now and it was a good card!   Would the 420W PSU push that card or will i need to  upgrade that too?   Cheers   TimA 4398 posts Uber Geek +1 received by user: 1240 Trusted   Reply # 1760140 10-Apr-2017 12:02 askelon:   I have a Sapphire HD 7770 Id be willing to part with for $75. Runs much better (and cooler) than the 5770 I had!           Ill see what i can figure out about Nakedmolerats card and see if its suitable for my application. (May use too much power so i may have to default to yours) Cheers   nakedmolerat 4260 posts Uber Geek +1 received by user: 785 Trusted Subscriber   Reply # 1760144 10-Apr-2017 12:08 Just let me know when. Comes with original packaging (I think). I paid just over $1k 6 years ago. nakedmolerat 4260 posts Uber Geek +1 received by user: 785 Trusted Subscriber   Reply # 1760146 10-Apr-2017 12:10 I think I also have 5450?? I kept that as spare. You can have that for free too or if anyone else interested let me know. dan 840 posts Ultimate Geek +1 received by user: 66   Reply # 1760157 10-Apr-2017 12:34 TimA:   Hey all,   Does anyone have an AMD or ATI graphics card that will run with a 420W PSU? Specs are: Windows 10, 6 core AMD FX 6300 and M5A78L-M LX V2. If someone has something to work with that it would be great! Not looking to spend much, based in Auckland. Cheers.             why not Nvidia? muppet 1762 posts Uber Geek +1 received by user: 533 Trusted   Reply # 1760159 10-Apr-2017 12:44 dan:       why not Nvidia?     TimA 4398 posts Uber Geek +1 received by user: 1240 Trusted   Reply # 1760171 10-Apr-2017 13:04 muppet:   dan:       why not Nvidia?             I have always kept the AMD chipsets happy with AMD/ATI cards. I suppose the days are gone of being strictly Nvida/Intel and AMD/ATI. Will see if any Nvidia options pop up too! Whats your thoughts?    dan 840 posts Ultimate Geek +1 received by user: 66   Reply # 1760178 10-Apr-2017 13:12 One person supports this post no issues at all using Nvidia cards with AMD, i sold a identical machine as your buying last week to someone else and put in a brand new GTX 1060 3GB and new power supply   works great   ive also sold many dozens of AMD machines in the past with Nvidia cards, no issues       the only factor is you get one that wont exceed the 420W PSU it has, otherwise you will need to upgrade the PSU as you know             TimA 4398 posts Uber Geek +1 received by user: 1240 Trusted   Reply # 1760193 10-Apr-2017 13:25 Hmmm, Maybe a little bit hopeful here with a 420w psu hahaha. Maybe i extend the buy post to "Who has a cheap PSU over 650W so i can run nakedmolerats card :D"     kobiak 749 posts Ultimate Geek +1 received by user: 76 Trusted   Reply # 1760198 10-Apr-2017 13:32 nakedmolerat: I think I also have 5450?? I kept that as spare. You can have that for free too or if anyone else interested let me know.       Hi, is it silent? I'd be happy to take it if yes.   Thanks. helping others at dev.icqz.net dan 840 posts Ultimate Geek +1 received by user: 66   Reply # 1760201 10-Apr-2017 13:40 One person supports this post after you buy the PC from me, if you need and dont find a second hand PSU that is suitable,  im happy to sell you a brand new PSU from my suppliers my cost+shipping, i can just dropship it to you later if needed TimA 4398 posts Uber Geek +1 received by user: 1240 Trusted   Reply # 1760208 10-Apr-2017 13:45 dan:   after you buy the PC from me, if you need and dont find a second hand PSU that is suitable,  im happy to sell you a brand new PSU from my suppliers my cost+shipping, i can just dropship it to you later if needed         Do they sell Seasonic?    dan 840 posts Ultimate Geek +1 received by user: 66   Reply # 1760210 10-Apr-2017 13:49 nup,   FSB and Aerocool are the budget OEM brands they have, - corsair as well.   1 | 2 Next FREE technology studies and whitepapers Recommended by Twitter » Follow us to receive Twitter updates when new discussions are posted in our forums: Follow @geekzonenzforum Follow us to receive Twitter updates when news items and blogs are posted in our frontpage: Follow @geekz1 Follow us to receive Twitter updates when tech item prices are listed in our price comparison site: Follow @geekzoneprices RSS feeds Main feed Forums feed All RSS feeds Site features Geekzone Mobile Geekzone Badges Geekzone Slack channel Geekzone on Twitter Geekzone Dashboard Geekzone offers Amazon orders (Kindle, books, everything) MightyApe orders Payoneer card Technology whitepapers Site Information Subscribe to Geekzone Privacy Statement Forum Usage Guidelines (FUG) Advertising on Geekzone Trademark and copyright ©2002-2017 Geekzone®
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Convergence returns as former players exit It never really got going in its previous incarnation, but the convergence dream is back and kicking. By Chris Duckett for Null Pointer | April 9, 2017 -- 23:19 GMT (16:19 PDT) | Topic: Mobility Cast your mind back to the weird days of 2011, and ASUS produced some of the wildest designs to ever appear in the world of mobile. Take the Fonepad. It was a tablet that you parked your mobile phone into, but it never set the world alight. In fact, it was pretty much laughed out of existence. While the head-scratching design may have been hard to understand, the desire to unite the worlds of mobile computing were clear. Fast forward six years, and on the back of Samsung's new Dex dock, convergence is back with a manufacturer that has the ability to ship a vast number of units if it is able to nail the design. But getting to this point has left a number of players behind who were the vanguard of the original convergence. The latest player to depart the convergence field is Ubuntu, the Linux distribution that decided it needed to reinvent every wheel in pursuit of the idea that a phone was capable of driving a desktop as well. Cashless payments: How one city has made electronic transactions pay off To counter a national aversion to digital payments of any kind, the northern Italian city of Bergamo has taken matters into its own hands, with some beneficial results. Read More With its fixation on the now ironically-named Unity environment, which was intended to provide a single user experience across all modes of computing, Ubuntu managed to divide its users and its attached community. The price of such furore may well have been worth it had the vision been able to be accomplished, but with Ubuntu dictator-for-life Mark Shuttleworth deciding to pull the plug last week and return Ubuntu to GNOME and Wayland in favour of continuing with Unity and Mir, the efforts have come to little. Also leaving the mobile phone game entirely is Intel, which after multiple attempts to dominate the phone landscape in the same manner it controlled desktop computing, departed the scene without managing to establish a sizable beachhead, and left the field to ARM. Pushing the state of convergence forward has now fallen to Microsoft with Windows Continuum, and Samsung pushing Android with its windowing extensions. In a recent review of the HP Elite x3, many of the requirements needed to make convergence a proper concept were ticked, but some were sorely lacking. In the case of the Elite x3, it really could have done with a bunch more RAM, and a better Snapdragon processor. After using a 3-in-1 device, it's clear the first computing platform that will feel the pressure from any convergence will be low-end computers such as Chromebooks, but phones are always going to have the additional restrictions of having to pack all the hardware needed into a handheld form factor, whereas Chromebooks will have relatively plenty of space to play with. Any laptop style device that is beaten by a phone in a benchmark is merely a result of age, or OEMs selling bad combinations of hardware. Chromebooks are able to displace laptops due to being 'good enough' in comparison, and so the same applies to convergence devices competing against low-end laptops. By the end of my time with the Elite x3, there was part of me that wished instead of a Snapdragon, the phone packed one of the energy-hungry Intel chips that would be able to ramp up its output when hooked to a power supply on a dock -- but that will not come to pass. The other disappointing feature of Continuum was its half-baked nature. Despite being the selling point of HP's device, it was clear that Continuum is a work in progress rather than a fully-formed implementation. Samsung's new Galaxy S8 has a leg up on the Elite x3 by being a year older and able to use the Snapdragon 835, and with the rumoured addition of a couple of extra gigabytes of Ram in South Korea and China, the S8 brings a better hardware package to the game than the Elite x3. This does not guarantee users will be able to use this device in desktop mode for anything more than web browsing and email and walk away satisfied, though. Lurking in the background could be the giant from Cupertino. A recent patent application showed that Apple had thought out the idea of docking a phone into a laptop, and would use the phone to do the processing for a dumb laptop, a la Elite x3. Should the company decide to make a run at convergent computing, it will be interesting whether the Apple approach is able to bust through the carnage of other convergent attempts and deliver a decent experience. Convergence is unlikely to hit the big time in the next couple of years, but with the concept being pushed forward by more than one vendor, at least the dream is well and truly alive. And in a world of stagnant and saturated computing, it's nice to have a couple of dreamers around the place. ZDNet Monday Morning Opener The Monday Morning Opener is our opening salvo for the week in tech. Since we run a global site, this editorial publishes on Monday at 8:00am AEST in Sydney, Australia, which is 6:00pm Eastern Time on Sunday in the US. It is written by a member of ZDNet's global editorial board, which is comprised of our lead editors across Asia, Australia, Europe, and the US. Previously on Monday Morning Opener: Why it's time to cash a ticket to the DevOps revolution Samsung Galaxy S8: Six big questions - and answers After liftoff, Samsung's Galaxy S8 will face many unknowns CIA WikiDump re-enforces old security mantras Why Raspberry Pi is the future of computing devices Windows wins the desktop, but Linux takes the world Proper fibre broadband is not a waste, but you need a little socialism to do it properly Fiber broadband: Is it a waste with 5G and Elon Musk's satellites on the horizon? The biggest barrier to Windows 10 success is still Windows 7 Apple's iPhone turns 10: Here's how the device impacted business, work Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Mobility Surface Pro 4, Samsung Galaxy Tab S3, Xfinity Wireless, Garmin Forerunner 935 (MobileTechRoundup show #395) Mobility VRS Design LG G6 case roundup: Affordable style, protection, and functionality Smartphones Nokia bets on APAC nostalgia to drive smartphone comeback Mobility UAG Plasma series case for LG G6: Lightweight drop protection × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos Sponsored Narratives About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Skip to main content The Straits Times Opinion Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone herworldPLUS Lianhe Wanbao My Paper Omy razor SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property STCars STClassifieds STJobs STProperty STOMP tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper ZaoBao Print Edition ePaper To be a genius, think like a 94-year-old Pagan Kennedy Published 10 hours ago More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Purchase Article Permalink: http://str.sg/4XQS Copy In 1946, a 23-year-old Army veteran named John Goodenough headed to the University of Chicago with a dream of studying physics. When he arrived, a professor warned him that he was already too old to succeed in the field. Recently, Professor Goodenough recounted that story for me and then laughed uproariously. He ignored the professor's advice and today, at 94, has just set the tech industry abuzz with his blazing creativity. He and his team at the University of Texas in Austin filed a patent on a new kind of battery that, if it works as promised, would be so cheap, lightweight and safe that it would revolutionise electric cars and kill off petroleum-fuelled vehicles. His announcement has caused a stir, in part because Prof Goodenough has done it before. In 1980, at age 57, he co-invented the lithium-ion battery that shrunk power into a tiny package. We tend to assume that creativity wanes with age. But Prof Goodenough's story suggests that some people actually become more creative as they grow older. Unfortunately, those late-blooming geniuses have to contend with powerful biases against them. We tend to assume that creativity wanes with age. But Prof Goodenough's story suggests that some people actually become more creative as they grow older. Unfortunately, those late-blooming geniuses have to contend with powerful biases against them. "Young people are just smarter," Mr Mark Zuckerberg pronounced at an event at Stanford in 2007, when he was the 22-year-old chief executive of Facebook. He added, according to a VentureBeat writer, "I only own a mattress", and then expounded upon the putative correlation between youth and creative power. His logic didn't exactly make sense (and he later apologised), but his meaning was perfectly clear: Middle-aged people are encumbered by boring possessions (gutters, dental floss, orthopedic shoes) and stale ideas. Since that speech, Silicon Valley's youth worship seems to have grown even more feverish. Recently, a 12-year-old inventor named Shubham Banerjee received venture-capital funds from Intel to start his own company. In such a climate, it's easy for us middle-aged folk to believe that the great imaginative leaps are behind us, and that innovation belongs to the kids. On the contrary, there's plenty of evidence to suggest that late blooming is no anomaly. A 2016 Information Technology and Innovation Foundation study found that inventors peak in their late 40s and tend to be highly productive in the last half of their careers. Similarly, professors at the Georgia Institute of Technology and Hitotsubashi University in Japan, who studied data about patent holders, found that in the United States, the average inventor sends in his application to the patent office at age 47, and that the highest-value patents often come from the oldest inventors - those over the age of 55. One of the professors, John P. Walsh, joked that the patent office should give a "senior discount" because "there's clear evidence that people with seniority are making important contributions to invention". A study of Nobel physics laureates found that since the 1980s, they have made their discoveries, on average, at age 50. The study also found that the peak of creativity for Nobel winners is getting higher every year. For many years, oddsmakers have predicted that Prof Goodenough would win the Nobel Prize but, so far, the call from Stockholm has not come. You might call him the Susan Lucci of chemistry. If he finally does prevail, he could be the oldest person to receive the Nobel, and a harbinger. The more I talked to Prof Goodenough, the more I wondered if his brilliance was directly tied to his age. After all, he has been thinking about energy problems longer than just about anyone else on the planet. He grew up in the early days of the petroleum age, in a Connecticut farmhouse with a kerosene stove and an icebox for food. As a kid, he rode in some of the early cars pioneered by Henry Ford. "The first car the family owned was a Model A", he told me, with running boards and a lead-acid battery. In the 1970s, the energy crisis inspired him to imagine how one could store power in tiny packages. Today, we are still using his lithium-ion technology in our laptops, phones and electric cars. But Prof Goodenough has long been bothered by the shortcomings of his brainchild, and driven by the need to do better. "One of the things that's important in society is to wean ourselves from our dependence on fossil fuels, and if we could make an electric car that would be as convenient and as cheap as an internal-combustion engine, we'd get CO2 emissions off the road," he said. He believes the lithium-ion battery is too liable to explode, too expensive and too weak to bring us into that future. Years ago, he decided to create a solid battery that would be safer. Of course, in a perfect world, the "solid-state" battery would also be low-cost and lightweight. Then, two years ago, he discovered the work of Dr Maria Helena Braga, a Portuguese physicist who, with the help of a colleague, had created a kind of glass that can replace liquid electrolytes inside batteries. Prof Goodenough persuaded Dr Braga to move to Austin and join his lab. "We did some experiments to make sure the glass was dry. Then we were off to the races," he said. Some of his colleagues were dubious that he could pull it off. But Prof Goodenough was not dissuaded. "I'm old enough to know you can't close your mind to new ideas. You have to test out every possibility if you want something new." When I asked him about his late-life success, he said: "Some of us are turtles; we crawl and struggle along, and we haven't maybe figured it out by the time we're 30. But the turtles have to keep on walking." This crawl through life can be advantageous, he pointed out, particularly if you meander around through different fields, picking up clues as you go along. Prof Goodenough started in physics and hopped sideways into chemistry and materials science, while also keeping his eye on the social and political trends that could drive a green economy. "You have to draw on a fair amount of experience in order to be able to put ideas together," he said. He also credits his faith for keeping him focused on his mission to defeat pollution and ditch petroleum. On the wall of his lab, a tapestry of The Last Supper depicts the apostles in fervent conversation, like scientists at a conference arguing over a controversial theory. The tapestry reminds him of the divine power that fuels his mind. "I'm grateful for the doors that have been opened to me in different periods of my life," he said. He believes the glass battery was just another example of the happy accidents that have come his way. "At just the right moment, when I was looking for something, it walked in the door." Last but not least, he credited old age with bringing him a new kind of intellectual freedom. At 94, he said: "You no longer worry about keeping your job." NYTIMES • Pagan Kennedy is the author of Inventology: How We Dream Up Things That Change The World and a contributing opinion writer. A version of this article appeared in the print edition of The Straits Times on April 10, 2017, with the headline 'To be a genius, think like a 94-year-old'. Print Edition | Subscribe Topics:  HEALTH AND WELLBEING AGEING More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4XQS Copy BrandInsider Sponsored Content g2000_a125767_2017apr10_300x200_stadv1.jpg Working to tackle Singapore’s food waste problem steinway_a125809_2017apr03_300x200_native.jpg Steinway Spirio brings new music lecture series to life sponsorednative.jpg What you need to know about Tanah Merah’s newest condominium Shopping iPhone 7 Plus 128 GB Now On Sale! Check Latest Price Now! Attractive Digital Gadgets from $1!! Only @ Auction Q! Never Lost Your Precious Belongings Again! HP Elitebook 840 Now On Sale! Check out Now! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 April 2017 by Military News How Apple Inc. Makes Most of Its Money It shouldn’t surprise anyone that Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) makes most of its money from the iPhone. After its initial launch in mid-2007, the iPhone gradually replaced the iPod as  Apple’s biggest revenue driver. Between fiscal 2008 and 2016, Apple’s iPhone shipments surged from 11.6 million to  211.9 million. During that period, Apple’s annual revenue rose from $32.5 billion to  $215.6 billion. The seminal iPhone helped Apple crush former mobile kings Nokia and BlackBerry , sparked a tech shift which turned Microsoft and Intel  into underdogs, and made it the most valuable company in the world with a market cap of about $750 billion. Let’s take a closer look at how important the iPhone is to Apple, and why its success is also a double-edged sword. Apple’s iPhone 7. Image source: Apple. How much does the iPhone matter to Apple? The annual launch of new iPhones remains one of the biggest tech events of the year for consumers, tech journalists, Wall Street analysts, and investors. But demand for the phones has clearly been slowing, due to competition from high-end Android rivals and the saturation of major markets like the U.S. and China. That’s why last year’s 211.9 million shipments actually represent an 8% decline from the 231.2 million units the company shipped in 2015. However, analysts believe that the tenth-anniversary iPhone 8 — which will likely feature a glass body, edge-to-edge bezel-less OLED screen, and numerous hardware improvements — will get growth back on track. Goldman Sachs analyst Simona Jankowski believes that iPhone shipments in  calendar 2017 will reach 230 million. Last quarter, Apple’s iPhone sales grew 5% annually and accounted for a whopping 69% of the company’s top line. Apple produces iPhones for about $200 and sells them for over $600. That total excludes R&D, marketing, and other expenses, but it still allows Apple to make a lot more money than Android OEMs, which are selling their devices at much thinner margins. That’s why research firm Strategy Analytics reported that at the end of 2016, Apple raked in 79% of the  entire smartphone industry’s profits, despite controlling just 18% of  the global market. That’s also why Apple constantly promotes its devices as luxury products. It’s also how Apple takes prisoners But it’s not just the hardware revenue that matters to Apple — the iPhone also represents the easiest way to lock users into iOS. After iPhone users start buying apps and media from the App Store and iTunes, they’re less likely to leave behind their purchases by switching to Android devices. Image source: Apple. Apple clearly knows that its lock-in strategy works. That’s why it boldly launched an „upgrade” program which lets people pay for their iPhones on a monthly basis for two years. That plan also gives customers AppleCare+ coverage, and works with all carriers since users are buying an unsubsidized device. After 12 months, users can  switch to the latest iPhone to reset the payment process. It’s highly unlikely that an Android OEM can launch a comparable „forever” plan, since Android users can easily swap between handset brands without losing all their Google Play content. It’s a launchpad for Apple Services That brand loyalty makes the iPhone an ideal launch pad for Apple’s growing Services business, which includes the App Store, iTunes, iBooks, AppleCare, Apple Pay, and Apple Music. CEO Tim Cook has repeatedly stated that Apple plans to grow its software services to offset its gradual slowdown in iPhone sales. Apple’s Services revenue rose 18% annually and accounted for 9% of its top line last quarter, but there have been a few speed bumps. Apple claims that Apple Pay’s user  base tripled over the past year, but Loup Venture recently claimed that just 13% of iPhone users  have ever used the service. Wal-Mart still doesn’t accept Apple Pay, and the service is still  being trampled by Tencent ‚s WePay and Alibaba ‚s AliPay in China. Apple Music hit  20 million paid subscribers at the end of 2016, but questions about the platform’s profit margins persist. Why is the iPhone a double-edged sword? It’s easy to see why the iPhone is a double-edged sword. As long as iPhone sales are rising year-over-year, investors will be happy. But once interest in the iPhone finally fades, Apple needs new products and services to pick up the slack. Mac sales rose and iPad annual sales fell last quarter, but their combined sales only accounted for 16% of Apple’s revenues. The Apple Watch still generates so little revenue that it’s included in the Other Products category, along with iPods, Apple TV, and Beats audio devices. No one is sure what Apple’s next big move will be — whether it be new hardware products, media acquisitions, or connected cars — but most investors agree that it needs to reduce the weight of the mighty iPhone on its top line. 10 stocks we like better than Apple When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor , has tripled the market.* David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Apple wasn’t one of them! That’s right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys. Click here to learn about these picks! *Stock Advisor returns as of April 3, 2017 Teresa Kersten is an employee of LinkedIn and is a member of The Motley Fool’s board of directors. LinkedIn is owned by Microsoft. Leo Sun owns shares of Tencent. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 3 Top Dividend Stocks in the Server Industry Next PostNext Better Buy: Berkshire Hathaway Inc. vs. The Coca-Cola Co Search Recent Posts Grand Canyon University To Introduce New Women’s Basketball Coach At Press Conference Tuesday, April 11 Seven years of uninterrupted annual expansion…but Search is on for NZ’s top carpentry apprentice New report sheds light on emission reductions BioTelemetry, Inc. to Hold Investor Call on April 10, 2017 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Artificial Intelligence Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Artificial Intelligence market is poised to grow at a CAGR of above 35% during the forecast period 2015 to 2022. Growing number of AI applications in various industries and increasing adoption of AI enabled products & software tools improving consumer services are some of the factors driving the market. In addition to this, some of the key drivers include increased usage in 3D printers and adoption of digital assistance system in healthcare and transportation. Natural language processing and robotics among technology segment are expected to dominate the market owing to increasing adoption of language processing for the better consumer services, moreover, usage of robotics in industry automation and various government initiatives are the reason behind the growth of technology segment. The North American market is estimated to dominate the market segment due to widening usage of AI applications among various verticals. However, Asia Pacific is expected to be the fastest growing region with respect to developing economies & electronics industry base. Some of the key players of the Artificial Intelligence market include Apple Inc., Bloomberg, Coursera, Facebook, Fingenius Limited, General Vision, Inc., Google Inc., IBM Corporation, Inbenta Technologies, Inc., Intel Corporation, Microsoft Corporation, Numenta, Inc., Nvidia Corporation, Qualcomm, Sentient Technologies Holdings Ltd. and Tesla Motors. For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/artificial-intelligence-market-2016  Systems Covered: • Expert Systems (ES) • Decision Support Systems (DSS) • Fuzzy Systems • Multi-Agent Systems • Intelligent System • Hybrid Systems • Other Systems Industries Covered: • Agriculture o AI-Guided Drone o Automated Irrigation/Harvesting (GPS-Enabled) Systems o Crop Monitoring • Automotive & Transportation o Autonomous Guided Vehicles o Infotainment Human-Machine Interface • BFSI o Automated Virtual Assistants o Fraud Detection o Wealth Management • Education • Entertainment o Drug Development o Health Assistance and Medical Management • Healthcare • Manufacturing o Robot Integrated CIM Systems • Media & Advertising o Customer Self-Service o Facial Recognition Advertising • Oil and Gas o Exploration and Production (E&P) Life Cycle • Retail o Product Recommendations o Autonomous In-Store Robots • Robotics • Science • Space Technology • Other Industries o Legal Informatics o Virtual Mentor AI Types Covered: • Strong AI • Weak AI • Other AI Types Technologies Covered: • Cognitive Computing • Context-Aware Processing • Deep Learning • Digital Personal Assistant • Image Recognition • Machine Learning • Natural Language Processing • Predictive APIs • Querying Method • Robotics • Speech Recognition • Other AI Technologies Services Covered: • Installation Services • Customization Services • Maintenance and Support Services • Application Integration Services Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/artificial-intelligence-market-2016  https://twitter.com/StratisticsMRC Follow us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/stratistics-market-research-consulting-pvt-ltd?trk=mini-profile Contact Details: Contact Person: James Lamb Email: info@strategymrc.com Phone: +1-301-202-5929 / +1-301-202-7681 Website: www.strategymrc.com About Stratistics MRC We offer wide spectrum of research and consulting services with in-depth knowledge of different industries. We are known for customized research services, consulting services and Full Time Equivalent (FTE) services in the research world. We explore the market trends and draw our insights with valid assessments and analytical views. We use advanced techniques and tools among the quantitative and qualitative methodologies to identify the market trends. Our research reports and publications are routed to help our clients to design their business models and enhance their business growth in the competitive market scenario. We have a strong team with hand-picked consultants including project managers, implementers, industry experts, researchers, research evaluators and analysts with years of experience in delivering the complex projects. For more information, please visit Stratistics Market Research Consulting Pvt Ltd CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Google News, Industry, Markets, satPRnews, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Injectable Drug Delivery Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Next PostNext Succinic Acid Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Search Recent Posts Northern Ireland Reliable Sources Credit Radio Show Travel Expert Stephanie Abrams with Significant Growth of Visitors on Antrim’s North Coast Coalition, Vetted Syrian Opposition Forces Repel ISIS Attack Flood Bulletin #12 HiFX Morning Update, April 10 2017 HiFX Morning Update, April 10 2017 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars BUSINESS Samsung’s $150 million bet to find the next big startup Ken Yeung@thekenyeung April 9, 2017 7:15 AM Tags: Christina Bechhold, Samsung, Samsung Accelerator, Samsung News, Samsung Next, Samsung NEXT Ventures, Samsung SXSW, Samsung VC, Samsung Venture Capital, Samsung Ventures Above: Samsung NEXT signage hanging at the Fast Company Grill during South by Southwest interactive 2017/ Image Credit: Ken Yeung/VentureBeat Samsung is no stranger to the world of venture capital — it ranked as one of the most active corporate-backed venture firms in 2016. But at the beginning of this year, the company underwent a transformation, launching a new $150 million fund to spend on emerging-tech startups. Called Samsung NEXT, this new investment vehicle is the result of experimentation by the electronics manufacturer to see if it has what it takes to move fast to “invest and grow.” In an interview with VentureBeat, Samsung NEXT principal Christina Bechhold spoke about the company’s vision, its desire to move deeper into venture capital, and how it plans on making investments in early-stage companies. Above: Samsung NEXT Ventures principal partner Christina Bechhold Image Credit: Samsung “Our vision has always been about early stage,” she said, explaining that Samsung started out with an accelerator to focus on the ideation stage, but has also been about participating in a proper seed round. The organization is similar to GV, Singtel Innov8, Intel Capital, Salesforce Ventures, and Verizon Ventures in that there’s only one limited partner — in this case Samsung — and it’s designed to move faster than ever before. “If we want to have the best and brightest venture opportunities, we will need to,” Bechhold said. “It’s a pretty significant differentiator than the corporate venture space where companies are investing from the balance sheet.” Previously, Samsung made investments through its venture arm and supported early-stage startups through its accelerator. But now both programs are under the NEXT umbrella: Samsung NEXT Start (the accelerator) and NEXT Ventures (the VC firm). With the latter, Bechhold’s team is looking to fund emerging technologies, including companies involved in virtual reality, artificial intelligence, Internet of Things, and other “frontier technologies.” Samsung Ventures continues to exist, but for later-stage companies, as does the company’s Catalyst Fund to invest $100 million into semiconductor-related businesses. “We’re investing in companies where we can add significant value to their products and company,” Bechhold shared. As relates to NEXT Ventures’ core categories, they’re areas that “touch pretty much everything, consumer or enterprise. A smart smoothie machine probably has a data or AI piece. This allows us to look across all the opportunities and maybe…find a piece that fits in there.” Unlike before, when Samsung would be the sole investor in a round, NEXT Ventures is a joint investment enterprise, though the firm will occasionally lead rounds. “We’re shifting to where we can add value with shared resources,” Bechhold told us. “Sometimes we can make investments because there’s a strong strategic alignment with our portfolio, and other times, there are strong financial opportunities but also strong strategic alignment. We’re trying to balance that holistically.” Above: Tim Baxter of Samsung at CES 2017. Image Credit: Dean Takahashi Startups that receive funding from Samsung NEXT won’t be made to offer exclusivity or given any restrictive requirements that benefit Samsung. Rather, the firm believes that as a financial partner it could potentially help accelerate startups’ growth by pairing them with individuals and technology Samsung has available, be that in mobile, semiconductors, appliance, television, virtual reality, or AI. When we asked what’s in Samsung NEXT’s “secret sauce,” Bechhold explained that the firm is “fortunate so that we have access to a huge company of platforms who give us insider knowledge on where the future is headed, and that helps us determine which opportunities are relevant [or] not. I think having some idea of what the roadmap will be for Samsung products and where they’re headed and likely opportunities helps to determine whether a collaboration opportunity is likely.” She denied that NEXT Ventures is there to supplement any efforts Samsung’s LP is doing. Rather, the investment firm is about discovering new opportunities and working with startups in those areas. Bechhold shared what Samsung is looking for when it comes to virtual and augmented reality, the Internet of Things, AI, and data sectors where investments will be made: Augmented Reality: “AR is a fascinating space because people think it’ll be bigger than virtual reality. It doesn’t require the same upfront purchase price and is a very different experience. What these are going to be are platforms that will let it expand beyond what Pokémon Go can do — how do you make it easier to build and distribute AR content?” Internet of Things: “Our first thesis was around the connected home — it’s why we acquired SmartThings. The second extension was car and automotive, a natural extension of where people spend time, and an open platform was a fit. We’re starting to see this area develop very rapidly. SmartThings continues to expand into the home, and Samsung is eager to deliver great consumer experiences in the car from point A to B through seamless connected experiences.” Artificial Intelligence: “This is something that’s going to touch every enterprise and consumer application going forward. As a first step, we acquired Viv Labs, and obviously we are launching experiences around the technology. We’re thinking about what are the core supplemental technologies and what are the ways AI can enhance experiences with devices. We’re trying to identify the first verticals for applications and the best companies in the verticals.” Data: “We’re thinking a lot about the opportunities around using the data people make available and what’s being collected. How can you take the data, analyze it, and make it useful? In most cases, it will be [business-to-business-to-consumer].” While portfolio companies get to be associated with Samsung, that doesn’t mean that they’re going to be given wide access to the toys Samsung has. Bechhold said that this can vary by startup. Some may just need VR headsets or deep integration into its technology, in which case Samsung would provide access from its research and development group. It’s about “what Samsung can offer and what startups need,” Bechhold explained. “A big part of our job is thinking ahead, not just 6 to 12 months, but 3 to 10 years out and identifying trends and opportunities that will transform the experience for our users. We have full autonomy,” she summarized. In January, Samsung NEXT ventures announced 10 new startups that have benefited from its fund: Converge Industries, Dashbot, Entry Point VR, Filament, Intezer, LiquidSky, Otto Radio, 2Sens, SafeDK, and Virtru. The firm has offices in San Francisco, New York, Tel Aviv, and Europe. It’s also exploring the possibility of expanding into Asia. While it’s U.S.-managed, Samsung NEXT Ventures will make investments anywhere in the world. ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
null
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Home Home Bloomberg Technology Share on Facebook Share on Twitter These Hackathon Hustlers Make Their Living From Corporate Coding Contests Some coders go from one marathon hacking session to another, subsisting on prize money and schwag. Illustration: Brandon Celi by Lizette Chapman @lizette_chapman More stories by Lizette Chapman April 4, 2017, 6:00 AM EDT Peter Ma looked around his San Francisco condo and realized he’d won everything in it. His flat-screen TV, home theater system, 3D printers, phones, tablets, computers and furniture were either hackathon prizes or purchased with hackathon earnings. Stashed under his leather couch — which he’d bought with an Amazon gift card — was a thick stack of 2- and 3-foot-long cardboard checks commemorating his most cherished wins. “The only non-schwag I have are shoes,” he said. With his gray hoodie and close-cropped goatee, 33-year-old Ma looks like any of the thousands of computer programmers roaming the city, but he’s part of an elite corps. He and about a dozen friends travel the hackathon circuit. They build apps, connected devices and other products during all-night, fiercely competitive programming contests where sleep is scarce and caffeine is plentiful. The sessions are usually sponsored by corporations, and top prizes mean serious cash. (We explore hackathons for the younger set on this week’s Decrypted podcast; subscribe here on iTunes.) Some of the hackers have jobs. Some do contracting work. Some have corporate sponsors. Almost all of them are working on a pet startup idea. For Ma and a few others, hackathons are a job. Ma knows he would make more money if he had a more traditional career. He just doesn’t want one. “I have my time to myself and the freedom to work on whatever it is I want,” said Ma during a long lunch on a sunny Tuesday in March. Ma said he has considered offers from Google, Facebook and Uber over the years, but passed every time because he likes calling his own shots. Intel sponsors his work by sending him technology for company-related projects, and he also has an occasional gig consulting for large companies. He likes the setup because it allows him to travel and work on his own schedule. Brian Clark, 27, supported himself on hackathon earnings for more than two years. (He and Ma don’t know each other.) He’s working on his fourth startup idea now, and says he carves out time for competitions because they help him hone skills and earn money quickly. “I’d much rather earn that money in two days so I don’t have to take the programming job for two months,” Clark said. At one hackathon sponsored by Kmart and Sears, he built a mobile gifting app. None of his friends liked the idea, so he engineered it on his own and ended up winning $6,000 for fewer than four hours of work. Another time, when his bank account was down to zero and he was sleeping on a friend’s couch in Oakland, he entered a hackathon out of desperation. “It was win it or apply for a job,” said Clark. He and some friends spent a little more than a day building a tool enabling developers to troubleshoot mobile apps by tracking user behavior. “Out of 800 teams, I won first for $40,000.” Over the past three years, Ma has traveled to more than 100 hackathons, and his strategy is down to a science. He knows how to maximize his time and prizes. He enters competitions based on the quality of the sponsors (read: big money), the location (unless airfare is covered, he’s not inclined to leave the Bay Area) and which of his friends are planning to go. The cooler and newer the technology being promoted, the more interesting the hackathon is. Ma and Clark both look for events that will help them continue their education by practicing new skills. A few days before each hackathon, Ma checks that all his favorite programs and tools are up to date. Usually updates take 15 to 30 minutes, but sometimes there’s a glitch, a program fails and an update can take a couple of hours. The times he hasn’t done the prep work, like at a Smart Cities event at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas, have created chaos during the hackathon. “We didn’t know we needed an update and all the sample code stopped working,” said Ma. The oversight cost his team several hours to correct. “You know how a soldier goes to battle with a sword? Our weapons are our laptops.” Ma brings his computer, his iPhone, two Androids, a microprocessor development board and sensors for temperature, humidity and touch. He doesn’t pack a toothbrush. “I bring the basics,” he said. Clark packs his favorite blue fleece blanket and small pillow into his backpack along with his laptop and charging cables. (He also doesn’t bring a toothbrush.) Once he knows who the sponsors are and what technology they’re promoting, he writes a pitch describing the project he aims to build incorporating that tech and uses it as a script when he presents his project. “We had three guys building a fart app and 90 percent of the customers are women” Hackathons can vary in length, focus, judging criteria and other factors, but they all follow a similar pattern. Hackers register online, usually in teams of three to five people. Corporations hold competitions in all kinds of places: Any large space with bathrooms, screaming fast Wi-Fi and lots of power outlets will do. After each team claims their work area and stashes their gear, they meet with corporate sponsors to evaluate the tech tools they might use to build projects and, of course, get T-shirts and other schwag. Hackathons usually have a specific technology like augmented reality or a theme like “connected homes.” Hackers know about those categories in advance, but teams aren’t allowed to begin working until the official start. Most events last between 24 and 48 hours. During that time hackers work as a team to create something new, interesting and functional. Organizers provide all the food and drink — a menu that often includes pizza, burritos, energy drinks, chips and chocolate — so hackers can eat while they work. Many don’t sleep. Others take short naps under tables while their teammates continue coding on their laptops a few feet away. Calculating the salary of a professional hackathoner is not straightforward. Winners can earn tens of thousands of dollars every month, but much of that may come in the form of gift cards, service credits and gadgets. And since winnings are divided among team members, individual hauls vary depending on the size of the team. If these coders were working at Google as entry-level software engineers, they could each make about $127,000 a year, according to employer review site Glassdoor. That jumps to north of $200,000 for more senior positions. Jay Zalowitz, who lives in San Francisco and is 28, said he used hackathon earnings to bootstrap his startup for several years. He pared back his weekend hacking — it usually takes a couple of days to recover from such a lengthy grind — when he got a full-time programming job. “Once you start making real money, the amount you win is actually pretty marginal,” he said. Corporations have embraced hackathons in recent years. There were more than 1,000 in 2016, according to Devpost, a developer site that maintains a running list. Companies such as Microsoft and Amazon sponsor hackathons because the competitions allow them to show off their newest gadgets, like virtual-reality headsets and voice-control APIs. The more sponsors can entice developers to build with their products, the faster those products take off. IBM holds hundreds of hackathons — online and in person — every year. Some are massive. To push Watson, its artificial intelligence platform, IBM is now running a true marathon event (with a more normal work schedule) of three years with a $5 million prize attached. “We use it as a vehicle to push new technologies,” said IBM Chief Developer Advocate Willie Tejada. “We know it feeds revenue somewhere down the line.” Devpost founder Brandon Kessler said he’s recently noticed the rise of nontech companies and live events — like Fashion Week in New York — seeking to infuse technology into their main business by hosting and sponsoring hackathons. “They are becoming more of a daily tool for innovation,” he said. In March, Procter & Gamble hosted a hackathon in Redwood City, California, to promote Febreze plug-in scent dispensers and be inspired by new ideas for future products. Organizers invited Xerox’s PARC, Nest, Google, Amazon Alexa, cloud platform startup Arrayent and other companies promoting connected homes to attend so they could showcase their own technologies enabling connected Febreze dispensers. In exchange for $10,000 and prizes — including a PARC internship — dozens of developer teams slept in shifts during the 48-hour event to build the best project. Ma and his team, which brought a methane sensor to the event, built a fart app. When the sensor detected high levels of methane, it signaled the Febreze plug-in to emit a puff of fragrance. They didn’t win. “The technical integrations didn’t matter. It was all about the idea,” said Ma. He wished he’d had a woman on the team. “We had three guys building a fart app and 90 percent of the customers are women.” Procter & Gamble was happy with the results: One winning project connected the scent dispenser via Wi-Fi to a smartphone so users could control scent along with temperature and mood lighting. “Hackathons allow us to have access to some of the sharpest minds,” said Procter & Gamble spokeswoman Lauren Thaman, who said the company has done a couple such events and intends to do more. “It’s a very creative, fast way to get answers from innovators and early adopters.” Corporate hackathons don’t always go according to plan, though. Salesforce.com blazed into the hackathon scene in 2013, offering a $1 million grand prize — an unprecedented amount that dazzled hackers, who registered in record numbers to compete. But when judges awarded the prize to a former Salesforce employee, who had written some code before the hackathon officially began, the backlash from developers was severe. Salesforce clarified the rules in 2014 and has since abandoned the splashy competition in favor of an online learning program for developers. Ma says along with Salesforce’s withdrawal he’s noticed some companies have begun to offer smaller prizes. Founders sometimes game competitions, too, using hackathons as a place to launch their mostly baked startup ideas and presenting polished projects that have been a steady focus for months rather than a basic prototype created in a flash of inspiration. These forces have changed the competitive dynamic and made it harder to earn a living as a professional hackathoner. Of course, some hackers also drop out after they get jobs, get married or their immune systems can no longer withstand the stress of poor diet and no sleep. Ma says he plans to continue for as long as he can. He likes the freedom to build whatever he feels like and help larger social issues. He and friends recently competed in Code for the Kingdom, sponsored by Christian churches — a hackathon focused on solving homelessness, hunger and other social problems. They won $1,000. “I can always get a corporate job,” he said, slicing into seared branzino. “I don’t need to. That’s the backup plan.”   Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Contact Us Contests BCE: 60.40 +0.63 RCI-B: 59.68 +0.29 T: 44.26 +0.07 SJR-B: 27.77 +0.24 QBR-B: 41.06 -0.04 News Apr 9, 2017 7:31 AM EDTTop Canadian mobile stories from the past week Apr 8, 2017 4:48 PM EDTSamsung’s Galaxy A5 vs the S7 and the S8 Apr 8, 2017 9:39 AM EDTThis could be the refurbished Galaxy Note 7 with a 3,200 mAh battery Apr 7, 2017 6:27 PM EDTOnePlus is still silent about the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X Nougat update Apr 7, 2017 5:31 PM EDTCRTC reveals phase one of plan to transfer telephone subsidy to broadb... Apr 7, 2017 2:58 PM EDTKik CEO says he wants to create a completely new payments experience i... Apr 7, 2017 2:07 PM EDTDoodling on screenshots might be possible in the future for all Androi... Apr 7, 2017 1:21 PM EDTUber releases new Canadian Community Guidelines and tips on how to get... Carriers Apr 6, 2017 7:10 PM EDTChamberland Commission reveals extent of cellular data requests made t... Apr 6, 2017 4:34 PM EDTCanadian national public alerting system to soon notify smartphones of... Apr 6, 2017 12:43 PM EDTBell to drop promo data pricing in Quebec, 10GB data add-on will be $40 Apr 6, 2017 9:37 AM EDTWi-Fi calling coming to some Freedom Mobile customers ‘within we... Apr 6, 2017 9:16 AM EDTLG G6 can now be purchased for $839 no-term in Canada Apr 6, 2017 6:00 AM EDTCCTS reveals top wireless complaint by Canadians is carriers misleadin... Apr 5, 2017 3:51 PM EDTCanadian carriers should offer unlimited data: Toronto City Council to... Apr 5, 2017 12:25 PM EDTGoogle Pixel XL put on discontinued list at Rogers and Fido Manufacturers Apr 7, 2017 6:27 PM EDTOnePlus is still silent about the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X Nougat update Apr 7, 2017 12:20 PM EDTThe BlackBerry Priv is one of the most secure Android devices on the m... Apr 6, 2017 1:25 PM EDTHuawei wins $15 million CAD patent infringement lawsuit against Samsung Apr 3, 2017 7:34 PM EDTLG, Samsung, Foxconn and more sign on to Google’s new ‘pat... Apr 3, 2017 10:27 AM EDTSamsung Canada to open a 21,000 sq. ft. retail store in downtown Toronto Mar 31, 2017 2:56 PM EDTSamsung says S8’s Google Assistant inclusion is ‘all about... Mar 29, 2017 12:08 PM EDTSamsung Connect Home is a mesh Wi-Fi router that works with Smart Thin... Mar 27, 2017 7:01 PM EDTApple publishes 11th annual Supplier Responsibility Report Phones Apr 9, 2017 7:31 AM EDTTop Canadian mobile stories from the past week Apr 8, 2017 9:39 AM EDTThis could be the refurbished Galaxy Note 7 with a 3,200 mAh battery Apr 7, 2017 11:13 AM EDTPoop Troop Emoji Keyboard provides you with a poop animation for every... Apr 7, 2017 8:56 AM EDTGoogle says 5% of Android devices are now running Nougat 7.0 and 7.1 Apr 6, 2017 5:58 PM EDTFirmware development has started for the Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Apr 6, 2017 3:16 PM EDTSupport for self-dismissing notifications announced for Android O Apr 6, 2017 12:36 PM EDTSamsung increases Galaxy S8+ production following positive reaction to... Apr 5, 2017 5:52 PM EDTMoto Z2 logo tweeted by prolific leaker Evan Blass Tablets Apr 4, 2017 1:54 PM EDTSamsung’s Tizen operating system is reportedly a hacker’s ... Apr 4, 2017 10:03 AM EDTAlcatel Pop 7 LTE tablet now available at Fido and Rogers Mar 31, 2017 1:27 PM EDTYou can now download Google Calendar on the iPad Mar 27, 2017 7:26 PM EDTMicrosoft won’t reveal new Surface Book 2 at spring hardware event Mar 24, 2017 2:57 PM EDTIn pictures: Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Mar 24, 2017 11:38 AM EDTThe Nougat-powered Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 is now available in Canada fo... Mar 21, 2017 8:59 AM EDTApple announces updated 9.7-inch iPad, starts at $449 CAD [Update: now... Mar 19, 2017 8:53 PM EDTNintendo to double Switch production following the console early retai... Wearables Apr 7, 2017 11:36 AM EDTSamsung Gear S3 ‘Value Pack Update’ adds new features to t... Apr 5, 2017 7:06 PM EDTNew Pebble update ensures smartwatches will keep working when the serv... Apr 4, 2017 1:54 PM EDTSamsung’s Tizen operating system is reportedly a hacker’s ... Apr 4, 2017 7:27 AM EDTW|W: The Wearable Weekly – Palmer Luckey leaves Facebook Apr 3, 2017 3:38 PM EDTHTC marks the Vive’s first birthday with $100 off deal and a fre... Apr 3, 2017 1:25 PM EDTSamsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ do not support Google’s Daydream VR pl... Mar 31, 2017 1:14 PM EDTAndroid Wear 2.0 delayed yet again due to bug Mar 30, 2017 4:47 PM EDTOculus co-founder and Rift Creator Palmer Luckey leaves Facebook Virtual Reality Apr 5, 2017 8:28 AM EDTHTC launches Viveport monthly VR app subscription service Apr 3, 2017 4:39 PM EDTLowe’s Canada launches VR experience to teach skills for DIY hom... Apr 3, 2017 2:29 PM EDTHouse of VR is futuristic, art-focused and hopes to lead the charge in... Mar 1, 2017 8:41 AM EDTWaterloo-based VR arcade planning expansion across Canada Feb 28, 2017 4:13 PM EDTGoogle marks Mobile World Congress with several announcements about AR... Feb 28, 2017 10:49 AM EDTIkea invites Canadians to flip pancakes in a virtual reality kitchen Feb 21, 2017 10:30 AM EDTMicrosoft HoloLens AR headset successor reportedly coming in 2019 Feb 11, 2017 10:22 AM EDTNew Sony Playstation VR patent outlines HTC Vive-like tech Apps/Games Apr 7, 2017 2:58 PM EDTKik CEO says he wants to create a completely new payments experience i... Apr 7, 2017 2:07 PM EDTDoodling on screenshots might be possible in the future for all Androi... Apr 7, 2017 1:21 PM EDTUber releases new Canadian Community Guidelines and tips on how to get... Apr 7, 2017 11:23 AM EDTGraceful Explosion Machine is the first Canadian-developed Nintendo Sw... Apr 7, 2017 10:09 AM EDTGoogle rolls out Search and News fact checking cards globally Apr 6, 2017 4:17 PM EDTIntroducing the Mobile UX Awards: Celebrating the best in mobile exper... Apr 6, 2017 4:15 PM EDTYouTube restricts partner ad program to users that reach 10,000 lifeti... Apr 6, 2017 3:00 PM EDTFacebook Messenger AI ‘M’ will eventually roll out to othe... Automotive Apr 7, 2017 7:27 AM EDTUniversity of Toronto and Waterloo finalists to compete in AutoDrive C... Apr 5, 2017 1:34 PM EDTRawdon, Quebec sells more electric cars than anywhere in Canada Apr 4, 2017 7:03 PM EDTTesla is now the most valuable U.S. automaker, beating out GM and Ford Mar 31, 2017 7:32 AM EDTNissan to launch program to support Quebec’s electric car pilot ... Mar 30, 2017 10:10 AM EDTFord opens Canadian Ottawa Research and Engineering Centre, hires 400 ... Mar 29, 2017 9:18 AM EDTTransport Canada grants Drone Delivery Canada flight certificate to te... Mar 24, 2017 7:13 AM EDTToronto Transit Commission report explores the introduction of driverl... Mar 23, 2017 12:22 PM EDTMicrosoft announces connected car patent licensing deal with Toyota Accessories Apr 5, 2017 6:24 PM EDTApple could be working on a MagSafe-to-USB-C adapter Apr 5, 2017 2:50 PM EDTBelkin releases new USB-C DuraTek Kevlar Fiber Cable and other USB-C a... Apr 5, 2017 9:29 AM EDTAukey’s 30,000mAh battery pack is the perfect Nintendo Switch tr... Apr 4, 2017 4:29 PM EDTMonitor your furry friend’s comings and goings with the Microchi... Mar 31, 2017 9:07 AM EDTMotorola teases RAZR Moto Mod Mar 30, 2017 12:02 PM EDTAmazon Canada deals include heavily discounted Gear S2, Sennheiser hea... Mar 29, 2017 3:05 PM EDTHere are the Samsung Galaxy S8 cases you can buy right now Mar 29, 2017 11:02 AM EDTSamsung announces new Gear 360 camera with 4K video livestream support Reviews Apr 8, 2017 9:50 AM EDT2017 Volvo S90 infotainment Review: Sensus advancements Apr 4, 2017 1:03 PM EDTiPad (2017) review: Perfect for first-time tablet buyers Apr 4, 2017 6:53 AM EDTSonos Playbase Review: The opposite of ‘flat’ audio Apr 3, 2017 4:19 PM EDTHere’s everything hitting CraveTV in April Mar 31, 2017 7:44 PM EDTAmerican Gods and American Playboy are coming to Amazon Prime Video th... Mar 31, 2017 3:36 PM EDTAlcatel Idol 4S Review: The best Windows Mobile phone for the average ... Mar 29, 2017 8:06 PM EDTSamsung Gear VR with controller Hands-on: Staying the course Mar 29, 2017 5:35 PM EDTSamsung’s new Gear 360 Hands-on: 4K future Phones Mar 31, 2017 7:44 PM EDTAmerican Gods and American Playboy are coming to Amazon Prime Video th... Mar 31, 2017 3:36 PM EDTAlcatel Idol 4S Review: The best Windows Mobile phone for the average ... Mar 29, 2017 11:00 AM EDTSamsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Hands-on: The death of the bezel Mar 24, 2017 3:05 PM EDT(Product)Red iPhone 7 hands-on video and gallery Feb 27, 2017 11:41 PM EDTLG G6 Hands-on: An imperfect step up Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM EDTSony Xperia XZ Premium Hands-on: Smart camera package, shiny look Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM EDTSony Xperia XA1 and Xperia XA1 Ultra Hands-on: A look at Sony’s ... Feb 11, 2017 3:49 PM EDTHP Elite X3 Review: A super phablet that’s stuck with a faltering OS Tablets Apr 4, 2017 1:03 PM EDTiPad (2017) review: Perfect for first-time tablet buyers Nov 10, 2016 9:00 AM EDTSurface Book i7 Review: One for the pros Aug 9, 2016 3:32 PM EDTAcer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternat... May 25, 2016 5:30 PM EDTSamsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in... May 4, 2016 2:10 PM EDTKindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a hig... Mar 21, 2016 5:20 PM EDT9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build Feb 8, 2016 12:31 PM EDTAre big tablets the future of small TVs? Samsung thinks so Dec 8, 2015 1:00 PM EDTGoogle Pixel C tablet lightning review Wearables Mar 29, 2017 8:06 PM EDTSamsung Gear VR with controller Hands-on: Staying the course Feb 3, 2017 4:27 PM EDTAsus ZenWatch 3 Review: Finally, another great Android Wear device Jan 31, 2017 7:31 AM EDTW|W: The Wearable Weekly — Google is just happy to be nominated Jan 11, 2017 2:39 PM EDTLowdown Focus Hands-on: Toronto’s Interaxon and Safilo join forces Nov 13, 2016 2:12 PM EDTFitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie Oct 12, 2016 12:53 PM EDTCharge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best f... Aug 2, 2016 1:00 PM EDTSamsung Gear VR Hands-on: A minor facelift Jul 5, 2016 12:26 PM EDTSamsung Gear Fit 2 review: Surprisingly feature-rich at $250 Accessories Apr 4, 2017 6:53 AM EDTSonos Playbase Review: The opposite of ‘flat’ audio Mar 29, 2017 5:35 PM EDTSamsung’s new Gear 360 Hands-on: 4K future Mar 28, 2017 5:48 PM EDTTranscend DrivePro 520 review: Dash cam with a mobile twist Mar 27, 2017 6:07 PM EDTPhilips Sonicare FlexCare Platinum Connected review: A smarter toothbrush Mar 7, 2017 12:01 AM EDTSonos Playbase hands-on: Boosting audio for your TV Mar 4, 2017 12:26 PM EDTBragi Dash review: too much, too fast Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM EDTXperia Touch Hands-on: Sony’s Android-based projector Jan 5, 2017 10:18 AM EDTLinksys Velop router hands-on: Mesh Wi-Fi of the future Automotive Apr 8, 2017 9:50 AM EDT2017 Volvo S90 infotainment Review: Sensus advancements Feb 20, 2017 2:00 PM EDTCarr-E Hands-on: A look at Ford’s ‘last mile’ gizmo Jan 25, 2017 10:52 AM EDTChevrolet Bolt EV Hands-on: Charging forward Jan 3, 2017 6:44 PM EDTIn-car video streaming options are poised to grow Dec 28, 2016 3:04 PM EDT2017 Lexus RX infotainment Review: Staying the course Nov 26, 2016 12:06 PM EDT2017 Cadillac CT6 Sedan Hands-on: Checking out Cadillac’s new connec... Nov 8, 2016 10:38 AM EDTAndroid Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap Jul 16, 2016 11:48 AM EDT2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over Games Mar 1, 2017 9:00 AM EDTNintendo Switch Review: Forward looking, but not ready today Jan 28, 2017 12:26 AM EDTNintendo Switch Hands-on: Compelling concept with few games to back it up Jan 7, 2017 1:22 PM EDTRun (or speed-walk) for your life with Zombies, Run! [Game of the Week] Jan 1, 2017 5:27 PM EDTBring in the New Year with Table Tennis [Game of the Week] Dec 24, 2016 9:29 AM EDTRollerCoaster Tycoon Classic faithfully recreates the classic PC game ... Dec 19, 2016 4:24 PM EDTSuper Mario Run Review: Nintendo nails its mobile landing Dec 17, 2016 10:33 AM EDTNintendo finally takes mobile seriously with Super Mario Run [Game of ... Dec 11, 2016 5:55 PM EDTRetro Winter Sports 1986 is a Commodore 64 throwback [Game of the Week] Apps Apr 3, 2017 4:19 PM EDTHere’s everything hitting CraveTV in April Oct 20, 2016 1:02 PM EDTAeronaut is the prettiest memory game you ever did see [Game of the Week] Oct 4, 2016 9:02 AM EDTHands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle Oct 3, 2016 9:03 AM EDTFacebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android a... Sep 11, 2016 10:00 AM EDTScience News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of s... Sep 3, 2016 10:26 AM EDTManage your smartphone addiction with Forest [App of the Week] Aug 21, 2016 2:36 PM EDTSquare Enix Montreal does it again with Deus Ex Go [Game of the Week] Aug 7, 2016 12:44 PM EDTDots & Co lets you connect the dots [Game of the week] Virtual Reality Jan 8, 2017 2:00 PM EDTIntel’s Project Alloy Hands-on: Shooting drones in merged reality Jan 4, 2017 10:32 AM EDTA look at Lenovo’s VR headset and Windows Holographic VR Dec 5, 2016 10:00 AM EDTOculus Rift with Touch Review: The Vive meets its match Nov 10, 2016 9:00 AM EDTGoogle Daydream View Review: Beyond Cardboard Oct 5, 2016 8:04 AM EDTPlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream Sep 1, 2016 5:42 PM EDTPlayStation VR is high-end virtual reality’s best chance at main... Carriers Nov 25, 2016 9:31 AM EDT2016 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: The future creates difficultie... Features Apr 8, 2017 7:51 PM EDTZedge is the one-stop app for Android customization [App of the week] Apr 8, 2017 4:48 PM EDTSamsung’s Galaxy A5 vs the S7 and the S8 Apr 8, 2017 1:20 PM EDTShift your perspective with Ellie & Max [Game of the Week] Apr 6, 2017 2:00 PM EDTFreedom Mobile expands its LTE network, adds new LTE roaming partner Apr 6, 2017 11:00 AM EDTApple’s new app Clips is the perfect mobile video editing companion Apr 2, 2017 6:33 PM EDTKill zombies in ‘Death Road To Canada’ [Game of the Week] Apr 2, 2017 2:09 PM EDTAdopt a veggie baby with Hendrick’s Cucumber Adoption Service [B... Apr 1, 2017 5:48 PM EDTFind fun things to do in your city with DoStuff [App of the week] Carriers Feb 14, 2017 1:59 PM EDTDevice unlocking takes centre stage at CRTC Wireless Code review Jan 26, 2017 6:00 AM EDTTelus leads Rogers and Bell in network speeds, according to OpenSignal Jan 18, 2017 10:55 AM EDTHow fast is Freedom Mobile’s LTE network in Toronto? Jan 16, 2017 12:52 PM EDTBlackBerry discusses the future of BB10 Jan 14, 2017 1:40 PM EDT7 wearable trends at CES 2017 Jan 11, 2017 8:30 AM EDT10 AR and VR trends at CES 2017 Jan 10, 2017 7:37 AM EDTHonda and Visa aim to soon let you pay for things from inside your car Jan 9, 2017 1:51 PM EDTQi sees ‘the finish line’ in wireless charging arms race Editorials Mar 15, 2017 12:58 PM EDTSamsung’s Galaxy A5 is a toned-down S7 for about $300 less Feb 14, 2017 1:28 PM EDTGoogle Pixel revisited: Does it live up to the hype? Feb 1, 2017 12:02 PM EDTThe Switch should be competing with the iPad, not the Xbox One or PS4 Jan 14, 2017 6:03 PM EDT3 takeaways from Nintendo’s Switch keynote presentation Dec 29, 2016 12:54 PM EDTEvery Android owner should check out the OnePlus Bullets V2 headphones Dec 10, 2016 1:02 PM EDTWhy I switched from a DSLR to Panasonic’s G85 mirrorless micro f... Nov 30, 2016 11:00 AM EDTCan Apple’s iPad Pro actually replace a laptop? Nov 19, 2016 11:00 AM EDTWhy I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement App/Game of the Week Apr 8, 2017 7:51 PM EDTZedge is the one-stop app for Android customization [App of the week] Apr 8, 2017 1:20 PM EDTShift your perspective with Ellie & Max [Game of the Week] Apr 2, 2017 6:33 PM EDTKill zombies in ‘Death Road To Canada’ [Game of the Week] Apr 2, 2017 2:09 PM EDTAdopt a veggie baby with Hendrick’s Cucumber Adoption Service [B... Apr 1, 2017 5:48 PM EDTFind fun things to do in your city with DoStuff [App of the week] Mar 26, 2017 2:56 PM EDTBuilt for Speed is the cutest little retro racing game you’ll ev... Mar 25, 2017 7:22 AM EDTEarn rewards by making healthy choices with Carrot Rewards [App of the... Mar 18, 2017 6:03 PM EDTStraight lines are so yesterday with Squigglish [App of the week] Buyers' Guide Nov 1, 2016 4:34 PM EDTAmazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items Jun 17, 2016 11:23 AM EDTFather’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad Jun 15, 2016 3:09 PM EDTFather’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad Jun 14, 2016 11:44 AM EDTFather’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad Dec 2, 2015 4:45 PM EDTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Wearables Dec 1, 2015 5:20 PM EDTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Tablets Nov 30, 2015 6:15 PM EDTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Smartphones Aug 19, 2015 4:29 PM EDTThe Best Wearables for Back To School General Apr 8, 2017 4:48 PM EDTSamsung’s Galaxy A5 vs the S7 and the S8 Apr 6, 2017 2:00 PM EDTFreedom Mobile expands its LTE network, adds new LTE roaming partner Apr 6, 2017 11:00 AM EDTApple’s new app Clips is the perfect mobile video editing companion Mar 31, 2017 12:31 PM EDTHere are 8 of the Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+’s best features Mar 29, 2017 11:00 AM EDTSamsung goes all in on curved screens with new Galaxy S8 and S8+ models Mar 9, 2017 4:00 PM EDTHow three Canadian cities are trying to become smart cities Mar 7, 2017 11:36 AM EDTBlackBerry wants its BlackBerry Secure badge to instill security confi... Mar 4, 2017 4:33 PM EDTThe Last Guardian – A Boy and his Bird-Dog [This Week in Gaming] Resources Apr 8, 2017 9:21 AM EDTHow to use 3D Touch to become an iPhone efficiency wizard Apr 5, 2017 2:09 PM EDTHere are the best and most affordable microSD cards for the Nintendo S... Apr 1, 2017 1:33 PM EDTHow to get your iPhone to help first responders in an emergency with M... Mar 31, 2017 2:51 PM EDTHow to backup and restore your iOS device using iTunes and iCloud Mar 22, 2017 3:31 PM EDTHow to install the Android O Developer Preview on compatible Nexus and... Mar 19, 2017 2:04 PM EDTHow-to enable night shift mode on your iPhone Mar 10, 2017 1:15 PM EDTThe ultimate guide to Canadian carrier unlocking fees Mar 3, 2017 12:23 PM EDTHow to use APN settings for Canadian carriers How-to's Apr 8, 2017 9:21 AM EDTHow to use 3D Touch to become an iPhone efficiency wizard Apr 5, 2017 2:09 PM EDTHere are the best and most affordable microSD cards for the Nintendo S... Apr 1, 2017 1:33 PM EDTHow to get your iPhone to help first responders in an emergency with M... Mar 31, 2017 2:51 PM EDTHow to backup and restore your iOS device using iTunes and iCloud Mar 22, 2017 3:31 PM EDTHow to install the Android O Developer Preview on compatible Nexus and... Mar 19, 2017 2:04 PM EDTHow-to enable night shift mode on your iPhone Mar 10, 2017 1:15 PM EDTThe ultimate guide to Canadian carrier unlocking fees Mar 3, 2017 12:23 PM EDTHow to use APN settings for Canadian carriers Rate Plans Business Apr 7, 2017 5:31 PM EDTCRTC reveals phase one of plan to transfer telephone subsidy to broadb... Apr 7, 2017 8:27 AM EDTJustin Trudeau selling Canada’s innovation agenda through Quora ... Apr 6, 2017 8:48 PM EDTSamsung’s Q1 2017 operating profit soars, posts highest results ... Apr 6, 2017 7:26 AM EDTOntario invests $700,000 to co-found Code for Canada, a digital initia... Apr 5, 2017 6:08 PM EDTRCMP reveals use of cellphone tracking IMSI catcher devices Apr 5, 2017 1:29 PM EDTCellphone spying devices found at Montreal’s Trudeau airport Apr 5, 2017 7:33 AM EDTInfiniti launches IoT and smart city accelerator program in Toronto Apr 4, 2017 2:40 PM EDTYelp acquires Toronto-based Turnstyle for $20 million Carriers Apr 7, 2017 5:31 PM EDTCRTC reveals phase one of plan to transfer telephone subsidy to broadb... Apr 1, 2017 9:28 AM EDTRogers registers ‘Your Tomorrow Inspires Our Today’ trademark Mar 23, 2017 9:26 AM EDTRogers wins ‘Product of the Year’ award for its Smart Home... Mar 20, 2017 10:42 PM EDTEx-Rogers CEO Guy Laurence earned $13,452,873 in ‘separation pay... Mar 17, 2017 1:26 PM EDTInteractive timeline of important dates that led to the Bell MTS deal Mar 6, 2017 12:08 PM EDTCompetition Bureau says consumers should negotiate for lower prices Feb 3, 2017 3:12 PM EDTThis is the last day to get Public Mobile’s late-2016 promo plan... Feb 2, 2017 8:31 AM EDTBell Q4 2016 Earnings: Subscriber base now at 8,468,872, $1.88b in rev... Security & Privacy Apr 5, 2017 6:08 PM EDTRCMP reveals use of cellphone tracking IMSI catcher devices Apr 5, 2017 1:29 PM EDTCellphone spying devices found at Montreal’s Trudeau airport Apr 3, 2017 9:02 AM EDTCanadian Privacy Commissioner voices concerns with connected and autom... Mar 28, 2017 12:19 PM EDTCanadian Government could gain wireless subscriber information if new ... Mar 27, 2017 11:58 AM EDTTurkish crime family group claims to have access to 250 million iCloud... Mar 22, 2017 7:32 AM EDTAlterna Bank and Lendful partner to create Canada’s first end-to... Mar 21, 2017 7:34 AM EDTToronto-based SecureKey partners with IBM on newly launched blockchain... Mar 14, 2017 9:30 PM EDTU.S. Department of Justice ready to arrest 4 people in Yahoo breach, i... Infrastructure Mar 23, 2017 10:05 AM EDTVolkswagen partners with Burnaby-based D-Wave to adopt quantum technology Mar 8, 2017 1:47 PM EDTWinkler, Manitoba could soon have some of the fastest internet in Canada Mar 2, 2017 8:44 AM EDTThe sharing economy is growing in popularity among Canadians, says fed... Feb 18, 2017 10:12 AM EDTThere is now free Wi-Fi at 54 TTC locations ahead of 2018 subway tunne... Jan 17, 2017 9:53 AM EDTCIRA accepting applications from web-based non-profits for funding grant Jan 13, 2017 7:36 AM EDTMiovision partners with U of T, launches lab to help cities make sense... Jan 10, 2017 3:27 PM EDTHTML500 aims to teach 2500 Canadians to code, expands to nine cities Jan 2, 2017 7:57 PM EDTRogers may be expanding ‘Rogers-EXT’ Cloud Mar 27, 2017 10:12 AM EDTBell and Microsoft announce deeper relationship with cloud services pa... Mar 9, 2017 2:43 PM EDTGoogle announces Montreal will be home to the first Canadian Google Cl... Mar 9, 2017 12:57 PM EDTGoogle announces new machine learning function called ‘Video Int... Feb 9, 2017 6:04 PM EDTSnap to buy $1 billion in cloud services from Amazon following rocky IPO Feb 9, 2017 8:42 AM EDTYork University launches two new data science certifications to fill e... Feb 8, 2017 5:17 PM EDTGoogle launches cloud search service for enterprise customers using G ... Feb 3, 2017 2:25 PM EDTSnap to invest $2 billion over five years into Google cloud infrastruc... Feb 2, 2017 2:21 PM EDTOntario investing $75 million over five years in big data initiatives Healthcare Mar 28, 2017 12:00 PM EDTThe Future of Mobile in Canada: Healthcare Feb 1, 2017 9:02 PM EDTHealth insurance startup League partners with GoodLife Fitness and Boo... Feb 1, 2017 7:32 AM EDTOver 70 percent of U.S. medical students use Toronto-based Figure 1 Oct 13, 2016 9:00 PM EDTReport shows most Canadian healthcare providers use electronic medical... Aug 6, 2016 10:42 AM EDTSun Life Financial launches new division to expand digital health cove... Jul 12, 2016 3:55 PM EDTMaRS and Sun Life Financial partner to expand health and fintech innov... Jul 12, 2016 12:07 PM EDTTelus report reveals that Canadians want to use tech to manage their h... Apr 11, 2016 9:59 AM EDTTelus investing $1 billion in Ontario to build out LTE networks, Healt... General Apr 7, 2017 8:27 AM EDTJustin Trudeau selling Canada’s innovation agenda through Quora ... Apr 6, 2017 8:48 PM EDTSamsung’s Q1 2017 operating profit soars, posts highest results ... Apr 6, 2017 7:26 AM EDTOntario invests $700,000 to co-found Code for Canada, a digital initia... Apr 5, 2017 7:33 AM EDTInfiniti launches IoT and smart city accelerator program in Toronto Apr 4, 2017 2:40 PM EDTYelp acquires Toronto-based Turnstyle for $20 million Apr 4, 2017 12:18 PM EDTBlackBerry’s financial troubles are behind the company, says RBC... Apr 3, 2017 8:12 AM EDTBlackBerry shuts down support forums and directs users to CrackBerry Mar 31, 2017 3:50 PM EDTBlackBerry seeking Enterprise of Things licensing partnerships, hints ... Syrup Community Apr 7, 2017 12:26 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 115: Feels so fly like a G6 Mar 31, 2017 1:52 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 114: Will the Galaxy S8 redeem Samsung? Mar 30, 2017 4:39 PM EDTContest: Win a Bell Samsung Galaxy S8 Mar 29, 2017 6:26 PM EDTPoll: Will you buy the Galaxy S8 or S8+? Mar 24, 2017 2:13 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 113: I believe Android O is the future! Mar 17, 2017 2:49 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 112: The Last Square Mar 15, 2017 4:00 PM EDT64 percent of MobileSyrup readers feel smartphones should be unlocked ... Mar 11, 2017 11:22 AM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 111: Google Assistant and chill SyrupCast Apr 7, 2017 12:26 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 115: Feels so fly like a G6 Mar 31, 2017 1:52 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 114: Will the Galaxy S8 redeem Samsung? Mar 24, 2017 2:13 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 113: I believe Android O is the future! Mar 17, 2017 2:49 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 112: The Last Square Mar 11, 2017 11:22 AM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 111: Google Assistant and chill Mar 3, 2017 2:26 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast 110: MWC power rankings and prison mixtapes Feb 24, 2017 5:58 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 109: Qualcomm vs. everybody and Mobile World Con... Feb 17, 2017 2:44 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 108: Wireless Code wizardry and Manitoba merger SyrupShop Nintendo Switch Zelda Breath of the Wild SanDisk Ultra 64GB microSDXC UHS-I Card with Adapter Motorola 'Moto G4 PLUS' (XT1641) AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable - 6 Feet SyrupForum Recent Topics Carriers Platforms Manufacturers General Discussions News PREVIOUS|NEXT Microsoft’s Surface Pro 5 to feature Intel’s Kaby Lake processor and similar design By Patrick O'Rourke Apr 7, 2017 10:35 AM EDT2017-04-07EDT10:35:23-04:002017-04-07EDT10:35:53-04:00 0 comments While we’ve heard some news regarding Microsoft’s still unannounced Surface Book 2, very little has leaked out about the inevitable Surface Pro 5. According to technology journalist Paul Thurott, the Surface Pro 5 will stick with the same proprietary Surface power connector but is also set to adopt Intel’s latest Kaby Lake processor architecture. Thurrott, however, claims there is “nothing dramatic” about the Pro 5, so those hoping for a full refresh, will likely be disappointed with Microsoft’s still unannounced successor to the Surface Pro 4. The word is still out on if Microsoft will adopt USB-C in its latest devices, following other PC manufacturers — especially in the 2-in-1 space — and Apple. Given the tech giant’s emphasis on backwards compatibility between Pro 3 and Pro 4 accessories, it’s possible Microsoft could opt to include both USB-C and USB-A ports in the Pro 5. Microsoft is reportedly set to hold a special Surface hardware event in the coming weeks, though ZDNet has already reported that we won’t get a glimpse of the Surface Book 2 at the keynote. Source: Paul Thurrott Facebook Twitter Google+ Linkedin Reddit Featured Articles CRTC reveals phase one of plan to transfer telephone subsidy to broadband funding Zedge is the one-stop app for Android customization [App of the week] Shift your perspective with Ellie & Max [Game of the Week] Poop Troop Emoji Keyboard provides you with a poop animation for every situation Graceful Explosion Machine is the first Canadian-developed Nintendo Switch game Sign-up for MobileSyrup news sent straight to your inbox Thank you for your subscription Related Articles News Apr 6, 2017 11:10 AM EDT Microsoft reveals Project Scorpio’s final technical specs News Apr 5, 2017 3:14 PM EDT Windows 10 Start Menu design concept show up on Twitter News Apr 4, 2017 12:02 PM EDT More Xbox One Project Scorpio details will hit later week News Mar 27, 2017 7:26 PM EDT Microsoft won’t reveal new Surface Book 2 at spring hardware event Comments Categories News Reviews Features Resources Business Syrup Community Contact us About Us / Tips Contests Social Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Google+ Reddit Newsletter Signup Thank you for your subscription © 2017 mobilesyrup.com Privacy. Terms of use. Menu News Apr 9, 2017 7:31 AM EDTTop Canadian mobile stories from the past week Apr 8, 2017 4:48 PM EDTSamsung’s Galaxy A5 vs the S7 and the S8 Apr 8, 2017 9:39 AM EDTThis could be the refurbished Galaxy Note 7 with a 3,200 mAh battery Apr 7, 2017 6:27 PM EDTOnePlus is still silent about the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X Nougat update Apr 7, 2017 5:31 PM EDTCRTC reveals phase one of plan to transfer telephone subsidy to broadb... Apr 7, 2017 2:58 PM EDTKik CEO says he wants to create a completely new payments experience i... Apr 7, 2017 2:07 PM EDTDoodling on screenshots might be possible in the future for all Androi... Apr 7, 2017 1:21 PM EDTUber releases new Canadian Community Guidelines and tips on how to get... All News Carriers Apr 6, 2017 7:10 PM EDTChamberland Commission reveals extent of cellular data requests made t... Apr 6, 2017 4:34 PM EDTCanadian national public alerting system to soon notify smartphones of... Apr 6, 2017 12:43 PM EDTBell to drop promo data pricing in Quebec, 10GB data add-on will be $40 Apr 6, 2017 9:37 AM EDTWi-Fi calling coming to some Freedom Mobile customers ‘within we... Apr 6, 2017 9:16 AM EDTLG G6 can now be purchased for $839 no-term in Canada Apr 6, 2017 6:00 AM EDTCCTS reveals top wireless complaint by Canadians is carriers misleadin... Apr 5, 2017 3:51 PM EDTCanadian carriers should offer unlimited data: Toronto City Council to... Apr 5, 2017 12:25 PM EDTGoogle Pixel XL put on discontinued list at Rogers and Fido Manufacturers Apr 7, 2017 6:27 PM EDTOnePlus is still silent about the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X Nougat update Apr 7, 2017 12:20 PM EDTThe BlackBerry Priv is one of the most secure Android devices on the m... Apr 6, 2017 1:25 PM EDTHuawei wins $15 million CAD patent infringement lawsuit against Samsung Apr 3, 2017 7:34 PM EDTLG, Samsung, Foxconn and more sign on to Google’s new ‘pat... Apr 3, 2017 10:27 AM EDTSamsung Canada to open a 21,000 sq. ft. retail store in downtown Toronto Mar 31, 2017 2:56 PM EDTSamsung says S8’s Google Assistant inclusion is ‘all about... Mar 29, 2017 12:08 PM EDTSamsung Connect Home is a mesh Wi-Fi router that works with Smart Thin... Mar 27, 2017 7:01 PM EDTApple publishes 11th annual Supplier Responsibility Report Phones Apr 9, 2017 7:31 AM EDTTop Canadian mobile stories from the past week Apr 8, 2017 9:39 AM EDTThis could be the refurbished Galaxy Note 7 with a 3,200 mAh battery Apr 7, 2017 11:13 AM EDTPoop Troop Emoji Keyboard provides you with a poop animation for every... Apr 7, 2017 8:56 AM EDTGoogle says 5% of Android devices are now running Nougat 7.0 and 7.1 Apr 6, 2017 5:58 PM EDTFirmware development has started for the Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Apr 6, 2017 3:16 PM EDTSupport for self-dismissing notifications announced for Android O Apr 6, 2017 12:36 PM EDTSamsung increases Galaxy S8+ production following positive reaction to... Apr 5, 2017 5:52 PM EDTMoto Z2 logo tweeted by prolific leaker Evan Blass Tablets Apr 4, 2017 1:54 PM EDTSamsung’s Tizen operating system is reportedly a hacker’s ... Apr 4, 2017 10:03 AM EDTAlcatel Pop 7 LTE tablet now available at Fido and Rogers Mar 31, 2017 1:27 PM EDTYou can now download Google Calendar on the iPad Mar 27, 2017 7:26 PM EDTMicrosoft won’t reveal new Surface Book 2 at spring hardware event Mar 24, 2017 2:57 PM EDTIn pictures: Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Mar 24, 2017 11:38 AM EDTThe Nougat-powered Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 is now available in Canada fo... Mar 21, 2017 8:59 AM EDTApple announces updated 9.7-inch iPad, starts at $449 CAD [Update: now... Mar 19, 2017 8:53 PM EDTNintendo to double Switch production following the console early retai... Wearables Apr 7, 2017 11:36 AM EDTSamsung Gear S3 ‘Value Pack Update’ adds new features to t... Apr 5, 2017 7:06 PM EDTNew Pebble update ensures smartwatches will keep working when the serv... Apr 4, 2017 1:54 PM EDTSamsung’s Tizen operating system is reportedly a hacker’s ... Apr 4, 2017 7:27 AM EDTW|W: The Wearable Weekly – Palmer Luckey leaves Facebook Apr 3, 2017 3:38 PM EDTHTC marks the Vive’s first birthday with $100 off deal and a fre... Apr 3, 2017 1:25 PM EDTSamsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ do not support Google’s Daydream VR pl... Mar 31, 2017 1:14 PM EDTAndroid Wear 2.0 delayed yet again due to bug Mar 30, 2017 4:47 PM EDTOculus co-founder and Rift Creator Palmer Luckey leaves Facebook Virtual Reality Apr 5, 2017 8:28 AM EDTHTC launches Viveport monthly VR app subscription service Apr 3, 2017 4:39 PM EDTLowe’s Canada launches VR experience to teach skills for DIY hom... Apr 3, 2017 2:29 PM EDTHouse of VR is futuristic, art-focused and hopes to lead the charge in... Mar 1, 2017 8:41 AM EDTWaterloo-based VR arcade planning expansion across Canada Feb 28, 2017 4:13 PM EDTGoogle marks Mobile World Congress with several announcements about AR... Feb 28, 2017 10:49 AM EDTIkea invites Canadians to flip pancakes in a virtual reality kitchen Feb 21, 2017 10:30 AM EDTMicrosoft HoloLens AR headset successor reportedly coming in 2019 Feb 11, 2017 10:22 AM EDTNew Sony Playstation VR patent outlines HTC Vive-like tech Apps/Games Apr 7, 2017 2:58 PM EDTKik CEO says he wants to create a completely new payments experience i... Apr 7, 2017 2:07 PM EDTDoodling on screenshots might be possible in the future for all Androi... Apr 7, 2017 1:21 PM EDTUber releases new Canadian Community Guidelines and tips on how to get... Apr 7, 2017 11:23 AM EDTGraceful Explosion Machine is the first Canadian-developed Nintendo Sw... Apr 7, 2017 10:09 AM EDTGoogle rolls out Search and News fact checking cards globally Apr 6, 2017 4:17 PM EDTIntroducing the Mobile UX Awards: Celebrating the best in mobile exper... Apr 6, 2017 4:15 PM EDTYouTube restricts partner ad program to users that reach 10,000 lifeti... Apr 6, 2017 3:00 PM EDTFacebook Messenger AI ‘M’ will eventually roll out to othe... Automotive Apr 7, 2017 7:27 AM EDTUniversity of Toronto and Waterloo finalists to compete in AutoDrive C... Apr 5, 2017 1:34 PM EDTRawdon, Quebec sells more electric cars than anywhere in Canada Apr 4, 2017 7:03 PM EDTTesla is now the most valuable U.S. automaker, beating out GM and Ford Mar 31, 2017 7:32 AM EDTNissan to launch program to support Quebec’s electric car pilot ... Mar 30, 2017 10:10 AM EDTFord opens Canadian Ottawa Research and Engineering Centre, hires 400 ... Mar 29, 2017 9:18 AM EDTTransport Canada grants Drone Delivery Canada flight certificate to te... Mar 24, 2017 7:13 AM EDTToronto Transit Commission report explores the introduction of driverl... Mar 23, 2017 12:22 PM EDTMicrosoft announces connected car patent licensing deal with Toyota Accessories Apr 5, 2017 6:24 PM EDTApple could be working on a MagSafe-to-USB-C adapter Apr 5, 2017 2:50 PM EDTBelkin releases new USB-C DuraTek Kevlar Fiber Cable and other USB-C a... Apr 5, 2017 9:29 AM EDTAukey’s 30,000mAh battery pack is the perfect Nintendo Switch tr... Apr 4, 2017 4:29 PM EDTMonitor your furry friend’s comings and goings with the Microchi... Mar 31, 2017 9:07 AM EDTMotorola teases RAZR Moto Mod Mar 30, 2017 12:02 PM EDTAmazon Canada deals include heavily discounted Gear S2, Sennheiser hea... Mar 29, 2017 3:05 PM EDTHere are the Samsung Galaxy S8 cases you can buy right now Mar 29, 2017 11:02 AM EDTSamsung announces new Gear 360 camera with 4K video livestream support Reviews Apr 8, 2017 9:50 AM EDT2017 Volvo S90 infotainment Review: Sensus advancements Apr 4, 2017 1:03 PM EDTiPad (2017) review: Perfect for first-time tablet buyers Apr 4, 2017 6:53 AM EDTSonos Playbase Review: The opposite of ‘flat’ audio Apr 3, 2017 4:19 PM EDTHere’s everything hitting CraveTV in April Mar 31, 2017 7:44 PM EDTAmerican Gods and American Playboy are coming to Amazon Prime Video th... Mar 31, 2017 3:36 PM EDTAlcatel Idol 4S Review: The best Windows Mobile phone for the average ... Mar 29, 2017 8:06 PM EDTSamsung Gear VR with controller Hands-on: Staying the course Mar 29, 2017 5:35 PM EDTSamsung’s new Gear 360 Hands-on: 4K future All Reviews Phones Mar 31, 2017 7:44 PM EDTAmerican Gods and American Playboy are coming to Amazon Prime Video th... Mar 31, 2017 3:36 PM EDTAlcatel Idol 4S Review: The best Windows Mobile phone for the average ... Mar 29, 2017 11:00 AM EDTSamsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Hands-on: The death of the bezel Mar 24, 2017 3:05 PM EDT(Product)Red iPhone 7 hands-on video and gallery Feb 27, 2017 11:41 PM EDTLG G6 Hands-on: An imperfect step up Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM EDTSony Xperia XZ Premium Hands-on: Smart camera package, shiny look Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM EDTSony Xperia XA1 and Xperia XA1 Ultra Hands-on: A look at Sony’s ... Feb 11, 2017 3:49 PM EDTHP Elite X3 Review: A super phablet that’s stuck with a faltering OS Tablets Apr 4, 2017 1:03 PM EDTiPad (2017) review: Perfect for first-time tablet buyers Nov 10, 2016 9:00 AM EDTSurface Book i7 Review: One for the pros Aug 9, 2016 3:32 PM EDTAcer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternat... May 25, 2016 5:30 PM EDTSamsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in... May 4, 2016 2:10 PM EDTKindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a hig... Mar 21, 2016 5:20 PM EDT9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build Feb 8, 2016 12:31 PM EDTAre big tablets the future of small TVs? Samsung thinks so Dec 8, 2015 1:00 PM EDTGoogle Pixel C tablet lightning review Wearables Mar 29, 2017 8:06 PM EDTSamsung Gear VR with controller Hands-on: Staying the course Feb 3, 2017 4:27 PM EDTAsus ZenWatch 3 Review: Finally, another great Android Wear device Jan 31, 2017 7:31 AM EDTW|W: The Wearable Weekly — Google is just happy to be nominated Jan 11, 2017 2:39 PM EDTLowdown Focus Hands-on: Toronto’s Interaxon and Safilo join forces Nov 13, 2016 2:12 PM EDTFitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie Oct 12, 2016 12:53 PM EDTCharge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best f... Aug 2, 2016 1:00 PM EDTSamsung Gear VR Hands-on: A minor facelift Jul 5, 2016 12:26 PM EDTSamsung Gear Fit 2 review: Surprisingly feature-rich at $250 Accessories Apr 4, 2017 6:53 AM EDTSonos Playbase Review: The opposite of ‘flat’ audio Mar 29, 2017 5:35 PM EDTSamsung’s new Gear 360 Hands-on: 4K future Mar 28, 2017 5:48 PM EDTTranscend DrivePro 520 review: Dash cam with a mobile twist Mar 27, 2017 6:07 PM EDTPhilips Sonicare FlexCare Platinum Connected review: A smarter toothbrush Mar 7, 2017 12:01 AM EDTSonos Playbase hands-on: Boosting audio for your TV Mar 4, 2017 12:26 PM EDTBragi Dash review: too much, too fast Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM EDTXperia Touch Hands-on: Sony’s Android-based projector Jan 5, 2017 10:18 AM EDTLinksys Velop router hands-on: Mesh Wi-Fi of the future Automotive Apr 8, 2017 9:50 AM EDT2017 Volvo S90 infotainment Review: Sensus advancements Feb 20, 2017 2:00 PM EDTCarr-E Hands-on: A look at Ford’s ‘last mile’ gizmo Jan 25, 2017 10:52 AM EDTChevrolet Bolt EV Hands-on: Charging forward Jan 3, 2017 6:44 PM EDTIn-car video streaming options are poised to grow Dec 28, 2016 3:04 PM EDT2017 Lexus RX infotainment Review: Staying the course Nov 26, 2016 12:06 PM EDT2017 Cadillac CT6 Sedan Hands-on: Checking out Cadillac’s new connec... Nov 8, 2016 10:38 AM EDTAndroid Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap Jul 16, 2016 11:48 AM EDT2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over Games Mar 1, 2017 9:00 AM EDTNintendo Switch Review: Forward looking, but not ready today Jan 28, 2017 12:26 AM EDTNintendo Switch Hands-on: Compelling concept with few games to back it up Jan 7, 2017 1:22 PM EDTRun (or speed-walk) for your life with Zombies, Run! [Game of the Week] Jan 1, 2017 5:27 PM EDTBring in the New Year with Table Tennis [Game of the Week] Dec 24, 2016 9:29 AM EDTRollerCoaster Tycoon Classic faithfully recreates the classic PC game ... Dec 19, 2016 4:24 PM EDTSuper Mario Run Review: Nintendo nails its mobile landing Dec 17, 2016 10:33 AM EDTNintendo finally takes mobile seriously with Super Mario Run [Game of ... Dec 11, 2016 5:55 PM EDTRetro Winter Sports 1986 is a Commodore 64 throwback [Game of the Week] Apps Apr 3, 2017 4:19 PM EDTHere’s everything hitting CraveTV in April Oct 20, 2016 1:02 PM EDTAeronaut is the prettiest memory game you ever did see [Game of the Week] Oct 4, 2016 9:02 AM EDTHands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle Oct 3, 2016 9:03 AM EDTFacebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android a... Sep 11, 2016 10:00 AM EDTScience News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of s... Sep 3, 2016 10:26 AM EDTManage your smartphone addiction with Forest [App of the Week] Aug 21, 2016 2:36 PM EDTSquare Enix Montreal does it again with Deus Ex Go [Game of the Week] Aug 7, 2016 12:44 PM EDTDots & Co lets you connect the dots [Game of the week] Virtual Reality Jan 8, 2017 2:00 PM EDTIntel’s Project Alloy Hands-on: Shooting drones in merged reality Jan 4, 2017 10:32 AM EDTA look at Lenovo’s VR headset and Windows Holographic VR Dec 5, 2016 10:00 AM EDTOculus Rift with Touch Review: The Vive meets its match Nov 10, 2016 9:00 AM EDTGoogle Daydream View Review: Beyond Cardboard Oct 5, 2016 8:04 AM EDTPlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream Sep 1, 2016 5:42 PM EDTPlayStation VR is high-end virtual reality’s best chance at main... Carriers Nov 25, 2016 9:31 AM EDT2016 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: The future creates difficultie... Features Apr 8, 2017 7:51 PM EDTZedge is the one-stop app for Android customization [App of the week] Apr 8, 2017 4:48 PM EDTSamsung’s Galaxy A5 vs the S7 and the S8 Apr 8, 2017 1:20 PM EDTShift your perspective with Ellie & Max [Game of the Week] Apr 6, 2017 2:00 PM EDTFreedom Mobile expands its LTE network, adds new LTE roaming partner Apr 6, 2017 11:00 AM EDTApple’s new app Clips is the perfect mobile video editing companion Apr 2, 2017 6:33 PM EDTKill zombies in ‘Death Road To Canada’ [Game of the Week] Apr 2, 2017 2:09 PM EDTAdopt a veggie baby with Hendrick’s Cucumber Adoption Service [B... Apr 1, 2017 5:48 PM EDTFind fun things to do in your city with DoStuff [App of the week] All Features Carriers Feb 14, 2017 1:59 PM EDTDevice unlocking takes centre stage at CRTC Wireless Code review Jan 26, 2017 6:00 AM EDTTelus leads Rogers and Bell in network speeds, according to OpenSignal Jan 18, 2017 10:55 AM EDTHow fast is Freedom Mobile’s LTE network in Toronto? Jan 16, 2017 12:52 PM EDTBlackBerry discusses the future of BB10 Jan 14, 2017 1:40 PM EDT7 wearable trends at CES 2017 Jan 11, 2017 8:30 AM EDT10 AR and VR trends at CES 2017 Jan 10, 2017 7:37 AM EDTHonda and Visa aim to soon let you pay for things from inside your car Jan 9, 2017 1:51 PM EDTQi sees ‘the finish line’ in wireless charging arms race Editorials Mar 15, 2017 12:58 PM EDTSamsung’s Galaxy A5 is a toned-down S7 for about $300 less Feb 14, 2017 1:28 PM EDTGoogle Pixel revisited: Does it live up to the hype? Feb 1, 2017 12:02 PM EDTThe Switch should be competing with the iPad, not the Xbox One or PS4 Jan 14, 2017 6:03 PM EDT3 takeaways from Nintendo’s Switch keynote presentation Dec 29, 2016 12:54 PM EDTEvery Android owner should check out the OnePlus Bullets V2 headphones Dec 10, 2016 1:02 PM EDTWhy I switched from a DSLR to Panasonic’s G85 mirrorless micro f... Nov 30, 2016 11:00 AM EDTCan Apple’s iPad Pro actually replace a laptop? Nov 19, 2016 11:00 AM EDTWhy I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement App/Game of the Week Apr 8, 2017 7:51 PM EDTZedge is the one-stop app for Android customization [App of the week] Apr 8, 2017 1:20 PM EDTShift your perspective with Ellie & Max [Game of the Week] Apr 2, 2017 6:33 PM EDTKill zombies in ‘Death Road To Canada’ [Game of the Week] Apr 2, 2017 2:09 PM EDTAdopt a veggie baby with Hendrick’s Cucumber Adoption Service [B... Apr 1, 2017 5:48 PM EDTFind fun things to do in your city with DoStuff [App of the week] Mar 26, 2017 2:56 PM EDTBuilt for Speed is the cutest little retro racing game you’ll ev... Mar 25, 2017 7:22 AM EDTEarn rewards by making healthy choices with Carrot Rewards [App of the... Mar 18, 2017 6:03 PM EDTStraight lines are so yesterday with Squigglish [App of the week] Buyers' Guide Nov 1, 2016 4:34 PM EDTAmazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items Jun 17, 2016 11:23 AM EDTFather’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad Jun 15, 2016 3:09 PM EDTFather’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad Jun 14, 2016 11:44 AM EDTFather’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad Dec 2, 2015 4:45 PM EDTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Wearables Dec 1, 2015 5:20 PM EDTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Tablets Nov 30, 2015 6:15 PM EDTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Smartphones Aug 19, 2015 4:29 PM EDTThe Best Wearables for Back To School General Apr 8, 2017 4:48 PM EDTSamsung’s Galaxy A5 vs the S7 and the S8 Apr 6, 2017 2:00 PM EDTFreedom Mobile expands its LTE network, adds new LTE roaming partner Apr 6, 2017 11:00 AM EDTApple’s new app Clips is the perfect mobile video editing companion Mar 31, 2017 12:31 PM EDTHere are 8 of the Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+’s best features Mar 29, 2017 11:00 AM EDTSamsung goes all in on curved screens with new Galaxy S8 and S8+ models Mar 9, 2017 4:00 PM EDTHow three Canadian cities are trying to become smart cities Mar 7, 2017 11:36 AM EDTBlackBerry wants its BlackBerry Secure badge to instill security confi... Mar 4, 2017 4:33 PM EDTThe Last Guardian – A Boy and his Bird-Dog [This Week in Gaming] Resources Apr 8, 2017 9:21 AM EDTHow to use 3D Touch to become an iPhone efficiency wizard Apr 5, 2017 2:09 PM EDTHere are the best and most affordable microSD cards for the Nintendo S... Apr 1, 2017 1:33 PM EDTHow to get your iPhone to help first responders in an emergency with M... Mar 31, 2017 2:51 PM EDTHow to backup and restore your iOS device using iTunes and iCloud Mar 22, 2017 3:31 PM EDTHow to install the Android O Developer Preview on compatible Nexus and... Mar 19, 2017 2:04 PM EDTHow-to enable night shift mode on your iPhone Mar 10, 2017 1:15 PM EDTThe ultimate guide to Canadian carrier unlocking fees Mar 3, 2017 12:23 PM EDTHow to use APN settings for Canadian carriers All Resources How-to's Apr 8, 2017 9:21 AM EDTHow to use 3D Touch to become an iPhone efficiency wizard Apr 5, 2017 2:09 PM EDTHere are the best and most affordable microSD cards for the Nintendo S... Apr 1, 2017 1:33 PM EDTHow to get your iPhone to help first responders in an emergency with M... Mar 31, 2017 2:51 PM EDTHow to backup and restore your iOS device using iTunes and iCloud Mar 22, 2017 3:31 PM EDTHow to install the Android O Developer Preview on compatible Nexus and... Mar 19, 2017 2:04 PM EDTHow-to enable night shift mode on your iPhone Mar 10, 2017 1:15 PM EDTThe ultimate guide to Canadian carrier unlocking fees Mar 3, 2017 12:23 PM EDTHow to use APN settings for Canadian carriers Rate Plans Business Apr 7, 2017 5:31 PM EDTCRTC reveals phase one of plan to transfer telephone subsidy to broadb... Apr 7, 2017 8:27 AM EDTJustin Trudeau selling Canada’s innovation agenda through Quora ... Apr 6, 2017 8:48 PM EDTSamsung’s Q1 2017 operating profit soars, posts highest results ... Apr 6, 2017 7:26 AM EDTOntario invests $700,000 to co-found Code for Canada, a digital initia... Apr 5, 2017 6:08 PM EDTRCMP reveals use of cellphone tracking IMSI catcher devices Apr 5, 2017 1:29 PM EDTCellphone spying devices found at Montreal’s Trudeau airport Apr 5, 2017 7:33 AM EDTInfiniti launches IoT and smart city accelerator program in Toronto Apr 4, 2017 2:40 PM EDTYelp acquires Toronto-based Turnstyle for $20 million All Business Carriers Apr 7, 2017 5:31 PM EDTCRTC reveals phase one of plan to transfer telephone subsidy to broadb... Apr 1, 2017 9:28 AM EDTRogers registers ‘Your Tomorrow Inspires Our Today’ trademark Mar 23, 2017 9:26 AM EDTRogers wins ‘Product of the Year’ award for its Smart Home... Mar 20, 2017 10:42 PM EDTEx-Rogers CEO Guy Laurence earned $13,452,873 in ‘separation pay... Mar 17, 2017 1:26 PM EDTInteractive timeline of important dates that led to the Bell MTS deal Mar 6, 2017 12:08 PM EDTCompetition Bureau says consumers should negotiate for lower prices Feb 3, 2017 3:12 PM EDTThis is the last day to get Public Mobile’s late-2016 promo plan... Feb 2, 2017 8:31 AM EDTBell Q4 2016 Earnings: Subscriber base now at 8,468,872, $1.88b in rev... Security & Privacy Apr 5, 2017 6:08 PM EDTRCMP reveals use of cellphone tracking IMSI catcher devices Apr 5, 2017 1:29 PM EDTCellphone spying devices found at Montreal’s Trudeau airport Apr 3, 2017 9:02 AM EDTCanadian Privacy Commissioner voices concerns with connected and autom... Mar 28, 2017 12:19 PM EDTCanadian Government could gain wireless subscriber information if new ... Mar 27, 2017 11:58 AM EDTTurkish crime family group claims to have access to 250 million iCloud... Mar 22, 2017 7:32 AM EDTAlterna Bank and Lendful partner to create Canada’s first end-to... Mar 21, 2017 7:34 AM EDTToronto-based SecureKey partners with IBM on newly launched blockchain... Mar 14, 2017 9:30 PM EDTU.S. Department of Justice ready to arrest 4 people in Yahoo breach, i... Infrastructure Mar 23, 2017 10:05 AM EDTVolkswagen partners with Burnaby-based D-Wave to adopt quantum technology Mar 8, 2017 1:47 PM EDTWinkler, Manitoba could soon have some of the fastest internet in Canada Mar 2, 2017 8:44 AM EDTThe sharing economy is growing in popularity among Canadians, says fed... Feb 18, 2017 10:12 AM EDTThere is now free Wi-Fi at 54 TTC locations ahead of 2018 subway tunne... Jan 17, 2017 9:53 AM EDTCIRA accepting applications from web-based non-profits for funding grant Jan 13, 2017 7:36 AM EDTMiovision partners with U of T, launches lab to help cities make sense... Jan 10, 2017 3:27 PM EDTHTML500 aims to teach 2500 Canadians to code, expands to nine cities Jan 2, 2017 7:57 PM EDTRogers may be expanding ‘Rogers-EXT’ Cloud Mar 27, 2017 10:12 AM EDTBell and Microsoft announce deeper relationship with cloud services pa... Mar 9, 2017 2:43 PM EDTGoogle announces Montreal will be home to the first Canadian Google Cl... Mar 9, 2017 12:57 PM EDTGoogle announces new machine learning function called ‘Video Int... Feb 9, 2017 6:04 PM EDTSnap to buy $1 billion in cloud services from Amazon following rocky IPO Feb 9, 2017 8:42 AM EDTYork University launches two new data science certifications to fill e... Feb 8, 2017 5:17 PM EDTGoogle launches cloud search service for enterprise customers using G ... Feb 3, 2017 2:25 PM EDTSnap to invest $2 billion over five years into Google cloud infrastruc... Feb 2, 2017 2:21 PM EDTOntario investing $75 million over five years in big data initiatives Healthcare Mar 28, 2017 12:00 PM EDTThe Future of Mobile in Canada: Healthcare Feb 1, 2017 9:02 PM EDTHealth insurance startup League partners with GoodLife Fitness and Boo... Feb 1, 2017 7:32 AM EDTOver 70 percent of U.S. medical students use Toronto-based Figure 1 Oct 13, 2016 9:00 PM EDTReport shows most Canadian healthcare providers use electronic medical... Aug 6, 2016 10:42 AM EDTSun Life Financial launches new division to expand digital health cove... Jul 12, 2016 3:55 PM EDTMaRS and Sun Life Financial partner to expand health and fintech innov... Jul 12, 2016 12:07 PM EDTTelus report reveals that Canadians want to use tech to manage their h... Apr 11, 2016 9:59 AM EDTTelus investing $1 billion in Ontario to build out LTE networks, Healt... General Apr 7, 2017 8:27 AM EDTJustin Trudeau selling Canada’s innovation agenda through Quora ... Apr 6, 2017 8:48 PM EDTSamsung’s Q1 2017 operating profit soars, posts highest results ... Apr 6, 2017 7:26 AM EDTOntario invests $700,000 to co-found Code for Canada, a digital initia... Apr 5, 2017 7:33 AM EDTInfiniti launches IoT and smart city accelerator program in Toronto Apr 4, 2017 2:40 PM EDTYelp acquires Toronto-based Turnstyle for $20 million Apr 4, 2017 12:18 PM EDTBlackBerry’s financial troubles are behind the company, says RBC... Apr 3, 2017 8:12 AM EDTBlackBerry shuts down support forums and directs users to CrackBerry Mar 31, 2017 3:50 PM EDTBlackBerry seeking Enterprise of Things licensing partnerships, hints ... Syrup Community Apr 7, 2017 12:26 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 115: Feels so fly like a G6 Mar 31, 2017 1:52 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 114: Will the Galaxy S8 redeem Samsung? Mar 30, 2017 4:39 PM EDTContest: Win a Bell Samsung Galaxy S8 Mar 29, 2017 6:26 PM EDTPoll: Will you buy the Galaxy S8 or S8+? Mar 24, 2017 2:13 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 113: I believe Android O is the future! Mar 17, 2017 2:49 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 112: The Last Square Mar 15, 2017 4:00 PM EDT64 percent of MobileSyrup readers feel smartphones should be unlocked ... Mar 11, 2017 11:22 AM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 111: Google Assistant and chill All Syrup Community SyrupCast Apr 7, 2017 12:26 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 115: Feels so fly like a G6 Mar 31, 2017 1:52 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 114: Will the Galaxy S8 redeem Samsung? Mar 24, 2017 2:13 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 113: I believe Android O is the future! Mar 17, 2017 2:49 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 112: The Last Square Mar 11, 2017 11:22 AM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 111: Google Assistant and chill Mar 3, 2017 2:26 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast 110: MWC power rankings and prison mixtapes Feb 24, 2017 5:58 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 109: Qualcomm vs. everybody and Mobile World Con... Feb 17, 2017 2:44 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 108: Wireless Code wizardry and Manitoba merger SyrupShop Nintendo Switch Zelda Breath of the Wild SanDisk Ultra 64GB microSDXC UHS-I Card with Adapter Motorola 'Moto G4 PLUS' (XT1641) AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable - 6 Feet SyrupForum Recent Topics Carriers Platforms Manufacturers General Discussions Contact Us Contests
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Global Analytics-as-a-Service Market is Expected to Reach a Value of $49.27 Billion by the End of 2022 The Global Analytics-as-a-Service Market is valued at USD 7.69 billion in 2016 and is expected to reach a value of USD 49.27 billion by the end of 2022, growing at a projected CAGR of 30.39% during the forecast period of 2017 – 2022. Analytics-as-a-Service combines the demand based aspects of cloud computing with the liberation of information enabled by Big Data Analytics. Businesses are increasingly flattening their decision-making hierarchies to empower more knowledge workers and become more responsive to customers. With increasing competitiveness in different industries, this solution empowers enterprises to continuously innovate and make more real-time decisions. Download PDF Analytics-as-a-Service Market@ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/217217   Analytics-as-a-Service helps knowledge workers by granting them personalized access to centrally managed information data sets. This erases many of the delays that data scientists, business analysts, and other information consumers face, while enabling these information workers to explore information data sets more interactively and discover richer insights more rapidly.   The major driving forces of this market are lower cost of implementation in an organization especially for SMB which would require lesser capital expenditure. The Analytics-as-a-Service provides the tailored and customized solutions according to the needs of business. The other factors that fuel the growth are resource constraints to setup, budget optimization, agility and better control over data. At the same time the uncertain ROI is posing a major challenge to this market followed by issues in acquisition and integration of data sources and lack of proper big data strategies.   Browse Full Report with TOC: http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/global-analytics-as-a-service-market-by-deployment-private-hybrid-public-data-data-at-rest-analytics-data-in-motion-analytics-geography-trends-forecast-2017-2022   The report provides an in-depth analysis of the Analytics-as-a-Service market across different industry verticals and regions. The Analytics-as-a-Service market is segmented across the Geographical regions namely North America, Europe, Asia Pacific and Rest of World. There is a huge access to cloud based Analytics in the North American and Europe regions but the Analytics-as-a-Service is still a niche market in Asia Pacific region.   Place Purchase Order for this Report@ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/217217 The Global Analytics-as-a-service market has been segmented on the basis of Deployment (Public cloud, Private cloud, and Hybrid), Type of Data (Data-at-Rest Analytics and Data-in-Motion Analytics), Industry (Telecom and Information Technology, Banking and Financial Service, Oil and Gas, Manufacturing, Healthcare, Local/Central Government, Travel and Transport, Retail, Entertainment and Media, and Others), and Geography (North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and RoW).   This report describes a detailed study of the Porter’s five forces analysis of the market. All the five major factors have been quantified using the internal key parameters governing each of them. It also covers the market landscape of these players which includes the key growth strategies, geographical footprint, and competition analysis.   The report also considers key trends that will impact the industry and profiles of leading suppliers of Analytics-As-A-Service Market. Some of the top companies mentioned in the report are EMC, IBM, Bison Analytics, Amazon, SAS, Oracle, Atos, HP, Microsoft, Google, Host Analytics, Intel, Quantivo, 1010data, Opera Solutions, HPCC Systems, and among others.   SPECIALITIES OF THIS REPORT 1) The report will be useful in gaining an exhaustive understanding of the regional market. It will also be of assistance in providing a comprehensive analysis of the major trends, innovations and associated prospects for market growth over the coming half a decade. 2) The report will be an ideal source material for industry consultants, manufacturers and other interested and allied parties to gain a critical insight into the factors driving and restraining the market, in addition to opportunities offered. 3) The report contains wide range of information about the leading market players and the major strategies adopted by them.   Table of Contents Introduction 1.1 Research Methodology 1.2. Key Findings   Executive Summary   Market Overview 3.1 Overview 3.2 Industry Value Chain Analysis 3.3 Industry Attractiveness – Porter’s Five Forces Analysis 3.3.1 Bargaining Power of Suppliers 3.3.2 Bargaining Power of Consumers 3.3.3 Threat from New Entrants 3.3.4 Threat of Substitute Product Types 3.3.5 Competitive Rivalry within the Industry 3.4 Industry Policies   Market Dynamics 4.1 Drivers 4.1.1 Lower Cost of Ownership for Organizations 4.1.2 Tailored Solution to Business Needs 4.1.3 Resource Constraints and Budget Optimization 4.1.4 Agility and Control 4.2 Restraints 4.2.1 Uncertain Return on Investment 4.2.2 Acquisition and Integration of Data Sources 4.2.3 Lack of Proper Strategies of Big Data   Technology Overview 5.1 Layers of Big Data Services 5.1.1 Analytics Software-as-a-Service 5.1.2 Data Platform-as-a-Service 5.1.3 Data Fabric 5.1.3.1 Data-as-a-Service 5.1.3.2 Database-as-a-Service   Global Analytics-as-a-service Market Segmentation & Forecast (2016-2021) 6.1 By Deployment 6.1.1 Public cloud 6.1.2 Private Cloud 6.1.3 Hybrid 6.2 By Type of Data 6.2.1 Data-at-rest Analytics 6.2.2 Data-in-motion Analytics 6.3 By Region & Country 6.3.1 North America 6.3.2 Europe 6.3.3 Asia-Pacific   Vendor Market Share Analysis   Competitive Intelligence – Company Profiles 8.1 EMC Corporation 8.2 Bison Analytics 8.3 Amazon.com Inc. 8.4 SAS 8.5 Oracle Corporation 8.6 IBM Corporation 8.7 Atos SE   Investment Analysis 9.1 Recent Mergers and Acquisitions 9.2 Investment Outlook   Future of Global Analytics-as-a-Service Market   About Us: Orbis Research is a single point aid for all your Market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customised reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialisation. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required Market research study for our clients. Contact Us: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 Email ID: sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsAnalytics as a Service Industry, Analytics as a Service Market, Analytics-as-a-Service, Google News, satPRnews, Technology Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Rubber-bonded Abrasives Market – New Business Opportunities & Investment Research Report 2024 Next PostNext Research Developments Project Automotive Radar Sensors Market to Gain Maximum Growth By 2021 Search Recent Posts Worldwide Automotive Pressure Sensors Market Report: Comprehensive Market and Vendor Landscape Including Latest Trends and Drivers Forecast 2021 Global Business Analytics Market Analysis and Forecast to 2022 Global Business Analytics Market Analysis and Forecast to 2022 Former Plastic Surgeon Tells All in New Memoir New Book Discusses Ever-Present Drug Addictions Worldwide Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Routers Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Routers market is expected to grow from $27.05 billion in 2015 to reach $72.77 billion by 2022 with a CAGR of 15.2%. The key factors that are favouring the market growth are amplified requirement for mobile devices, transfer of data, photos & videos, and other new online services. Constant reserves in telecommunication industry by governments across the world will further drive the market growth, whereas uncertainty in investments by organizations, unavailability of liquidity and shortage of credit facilities are the factors hindering the routers market. Internet Exchange Router segment holds the largest share due to high efficiency, less power consumption and optimized rack space usage for better bandwidth capacity offered by the system. Asia Pacific is witnessing the fastest growth during the forecast period due to rising demand for high-definition content as well as multi-screen delivery. The growth can be attributed to propelling demand for multi-screen delivery and high-definition content. Some of the key players in global Routers market include Brocade Communications Systems Inc (USA), RAD Data Communication Networks, Huawei Technologies Co. Ltd (China), ADVA Optical Networking SE, Belkin International Inc (USA), Cisco Systems Inc (USA), D-Link Systems Inc (USA), Juniper Networks Inc (USA), MRV Communications Inc., Hatteras Networks, Inc., Siemens AG (Germany), Extreme Networks, Avici Systems, ZTE Corporation, Net Gear, Inc.(USA), Telco Systems, Tellabs Inc., ECI Telecom, Ericsson, Force10 Networks, Actelis Networks, ADTRAN Inc, Intel Corp (USA), and Alcatel Lucent. For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/routers-market-2016 Types Covered: • Demarcation/Network Termination Device • Internet Data Center/ Colocation/ Hosting • Broadband Aggregation (BRAS) • Ethernet Service Edge Router • Inter-provider Border Router • Service Provider Core Router • Internet Exchange Router • Multiservice Edge Router • Subscriber Edge Router • Ethernet Aggregation • Wireless Routers • Ethernet Access • Other types End Users Covered: • Service Providers • Enterprises • Other End users Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/routers-market-2016 https://twitter.com/StratisticsMRC Follow us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/stratistics-market-research-consulting-pvt-ltd?trk=mini-profile Contact Details: Contact Person: James Lamb Email: info@strategymrc.com Phone: +1-301-202-5929 / +1-301-202-7681 Website: www.strategymrc.com About Stratistics MRC We offer wide spectrum of research and consulting services with in-depth knowledge of different industries. We are known for customized research services, consulting services and Full Time Equivalent (FTE) services in the research world. We explore the market trends and draw our insights with valid assessments and analytical views. We use advanced techniques and tools among the quantitative and qualitative methodologies to identify the market trends. Our research reports and publications are routed to help our clients to design their business models and enhance their business growth in the competitive market scenario. We have a strong team with hand-picked consultants including project managers, implementers, industry experts, researchers, research evaluators and analysts with years of experience in delivering the complex projects. For more information, please visit Stratistics Market Research Consulting Pvt Ltd CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Google News, Industry, Markets, satPRnews, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious SEAFCO PCL (SET:SEAFCO): Providing the Foundation for Thailand in a Sustainable Manner Next PostNext 2017 Asia-Pacific PUR Hot Melt Adhesives Market Analysis, Current Trends, Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts Worldwide Automotive Pressure Sensors Market Report: Comprehensive Market and Vendor Landscape Including Latest Trends and Drivers Forecast 2021 Global Business Analytics Market Analysis and Forecast to 2022 Global Business Analytics Market Analysis and Forecast to 2022 Former Plastic Surgeon Tells All in New Memoir New Book Discusses Ever-Present Drug Addictions Worldwide Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
CLOSE NEWS ENERGY HAT Energy Center Energy MARKET Market Quote Market Watch from Water Street Solutions WEATHER CROPS COMMENTARY AG POLITICS HATChat AG LAW GARY TRUITT Sign in / Join LOG IN Welcome! Log into your account Forgot your password? Recover your password ABOUT HAT SERVICES HAT RADIO STATIONS ADVERTISING HAT AUTHORS CONTACT HAT EMAIL NEWS PRESS RELEASE NEWS Will Ag Chairman Double Duty Affect Farm Bill Work? Bower Trading Strategy Report: Don’t Fall Asleep Ohio State Partnership with Purdue Important to New Dean Washington Earns a C for first quarter of 2017 Mexico Eager to Start and Finish NAFTA Negotiations ENERGY Energy Center Current Oil, Ethanol, and Gas Prices Latest Energy News HAT Energy Center Energy MARKET Market Quote Market Watch from Water Street Solutions WEATHER Ryan Martin’s Indiana Ag Forecast for April 10, 2017 Ryan Martin’s Indiana Ag Forecast for April 7, 2017 Ryan Martin’s Indiana Ag Forecast for April 6, 2017 Ryan Martin’s Indiana Ag Forecast for April 5, 2017 Ryan Martin’s Indiana Ag Forecast for April 4, 2017 CROPS COMMENTARY AG POLITICS HATChat AG LAW GARY TRUITT Will Ag Chairman Double Duty Affect Farm Bill Work? By Andy Eubank - Apr 9, 2017 SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Ag chair heading Russia probe If you pay attention to national politics you know that House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes from California has stepped down from heading the probe into Russian interference in the 2016 election. His replacement just happens to be House Agriculture Committee Chair Mike Conaway. Will Conaway’s work on a new farm bill will be hurt by his new, high profile responsibilities? National Farmers Union President Roger Johnson isn’t quite sure. “Chairman Conaway’s staff has said they don’t expect this to have any impact on the pace of the farm bill,” he said. “We’re going to have to give this probably a few weeks, maybe a month or so, before we’ll really know the amount of time that it’s going to take out of his schedule.” Certainly, the investigation will take time, and can only mean an increased workload for Conaway. “I do expect that this is going to increase Chairman Conaway’s workload and take some of his attention. There’s no question about that. he happened to be the 2nd ranking on that committee (Intel) so it would naturally fall to him as soon as Chairman Nunes stepped aside.” Conaway issued a statement that he takes his new role with “the utmost seriousness,” but stressed that role is only temporary. Yet, leading the Russia probe puts Conaway in the national spotlight, compared to the low-profile job of leading the Ag Committee. It would seem to further complicate a farm bill process already disadvantaged by the much-delayed confirmation of Sonny Perdue as Ag Secretary. Source: NAFB news Previous articleBower Trading Strategy Report: Don’t Fall Asleep Andy Eubank Daily Podcast Posted Morning News Indiana Ethanol Grants Creating Demand for Corn Andy Eubank - Apr 6, 2017 More ethanol pump grants The application window is open for another round of grants in the Hoosier Homegrown Fuels (HHF) Blender Pump Program. The Indiana... STAY CONNECTED 2,470FansLike 2,919FollowersFollow 44SubscribersSubscribe © Hoosier Ag Today
News Stocks Technology Science Tech Space Human Earth Health Politics World Videos TheTape Latest Follow WSP Newsletter RSS Facebook Twitter Google+ Search for: HomeNewsHow Google’s Machine Learning Chip Saved The Co. From Building More Data Centers (GOOG) How Google’s Machine Learning Chip Saved The Co. From Building More Data Centers (GOOG) Suddenly, the future of neural networking has gotten more interesting. April 9, 2017 WSP About six years ago, Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) realized they were facing a serious challenge that would have cost them plenty hadn’t they figured out an innovative way around it. This was the situation: if all of Google’s Android users accessed their voice recognition services for just three minutes per day, to be able to handle all the requests to the machine learning system powering those services, they would have needed twice as many data centers (spanning 15 locations in four continents) from what they had. That would have of course entailed a significant amount of investment. Rather than purchase more land and build more data centers, the search giant opted to create new hardware specifically designed to run and power machine-learning systems, including voice recognition. And Google’s solution shall forever be known as its Tensor Processing Unit (or TPUs). It was in May 2016 when Google first talked about this custom-made processor. And now, almost a year later, details about the project have finally been revealed. The company recently released a paper discussing how the TPUs work and what specific problems it can solve. In simplest terms, a TPU is a computer chip that’s designed to speed up the ‘thinking phase’ of deep neural networks — those complicated mathematical systems that can think, reason and learn how to do certain tasks and solve problems by analyzing huge amounts of data. Based on the tests done, Google’s TPU did considerably better than other comparable chips like Intel’s Haswell CPU and NVIDIA’s K80 GPU. Specifically, it ran 15 – 30 times faster at machine-learning inference tasks and did 30 – 80 times better in terms of performance per watt. And that’s just the beginning. Because Google claims there’s still room for more improvement. To be clear, Google isn’t the first to use a dedicated chip for executing neural networks. Microsoft and China’s Internet giant Baidu are doing it as well. What differentiates Google’s effort is that it built its chip from scratch. Technically known as an application-specific integrated circuit (ASIC), Google chose to go this route instead of using programmable FPGA chips (like those used by Microsoft) because they prioritized speed rather than programmability. They built the chip for one specific task: to execute neural networks. This doesn’t mean, however, that it won’t be able to do anything else. As Norman Jouppi (one of Google’s distinguished hardware engineers who developed the chip) explained to NextPlatform: “The TPU is programmable like a CPU or GPU. It isn’t designed for just one neural network model; it executes CISC instructions on many networks (convolutional, LSTM models, and large, fully connected models). So it is still programmable, but uses a matrix as a primitive instead of a vector or scalar.” For now, the TPU’s sole purpose is to execute neural networks; training those neural networks isn’t part of its function. As limited and specific as its role is, however, having this chip saved Google from spending quite a lot. It has also established another area where Google can potentially excel — neural networking. In a blog post they shared, Jouppi said: “We’re committed to building the best infrastructure and sharing those benefits with everyone. We look forward to sharing more updates in the coming weeks and months.” References: Wired GOOG Previous article Next article Related Articles Business Google Releases Statement On Apple (AAPL) Vs Samsung August 27, 2012 WSP News Notable Upgrades: Google Inc. (GOOG), (GOOGL), PDC Energy (PDCE), Facebook (FB), Yahoo (YHOO) August 11, 2015 WSP Business How And Why Apple (AAPL) Bought Music Startup Lala January 19, 2013 WSP Be the first to comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name * Email * Website The Latest 7 Tech Gadgets Under $100 You’ll Want To Have April 9, 2017 How Google’s Machine Learning Chip Saved The Co. From Building More Data Centers (GOOG) April 9, 2017 Why Would Apple Want to Make GPU Chips? (AAPL) April 9, 2017 In A First, Atmosphere Detected Around An Earth-like Planet April 8, 2017 Tesla’s Boss On His Way To Become The Richest Dude On Earth (TSLA) April 8, 2017 Editor’s Picks Scientists Identify Key Gene That Controls Brain Aging March 21, 2017 HIV Breakthrough Could Speed Up Cure March 21, 2017 Was Einstein Wrong About Gravity? March 19, 2017 Warning from Experts: Painkillers May Significantly Raise Cardiac Arrest Risk March 19, 2017 10 Amazing Benefits That Make Green Tea The Healthiest Drink In The World March 13, 2017 Shunning Gluten May Do More Harm Than Good: Study March 12, 2017 The Earth’s Magnetic Poles Are Getting Ready to Flip and The Effect May Be Catastrophic January 31, 2017 The Breakthrough That Quantum Scientists Have Been Waiting For January 19, 2017 This Company Has Just Given The Entire World Access To Quantum Computing January 15, 2017 16 Mind Blowing Facts About Billionaire Warren Buffett You Probably Didn’t Know December 31, 2016 Facebook Twitter Google+ Authors Copyright © 2017 Wall Street Pit | Contact Us | Advertise | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
null
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Cyber Security Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Cyber Security market is estimated at $85.21 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $224.48 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 14.84% from 2015 to 2022. Growing cyber crimes which may cause the loss of intellectual and financial assets and increase in adoption of cloud-based security solutions are some of the key factors propelling the market growth. Whereas use of pirated and freeware software for cyber security is hindering the market growth. Growing demand for Next Generation Security Solutions and increasing potential for Mobile and Web Applications and Platforms are the opportunity factors for the market players. However lack of skilled professionals is challenging the market growth. By service, Managed Services segment is expected to grow at highest CAGR during forecast period. In deployment mode, organisations are showing interest towards cloud deployment because of its cost-effective and time-efficient features. North America accounted for the highest market share as compared to other regions. The Asia Pacific region is expected to grow at a higher CAGR and is anticipated to account for the highest market share during forecast period because of increase growing adoption of web and mobile based business applications. Demand from developing countries in this region is one of the key drivers for the Asia Pacific region to move with highest CAGR during forecast period. Some of the key players in the market include BAE Systems PLC, The Boeing Company, Booz Allen Hamilton Inc, Cisco Systems Inc, Computer Sciences Corporation, Dell Inc, Finmeccanica SpA, General Dynamics Corporation, Hewlett Packard Company, International Business Machines Corporation (IBM), Intel Security, Symantec Corporation, Rapid7, Inc., EMC RSA, Fireeye, Inc., Trend Micro, Inc. and Sophos Ltd. For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/cyber-security-market-2016 Solutions Covered: • Web Filtering • Unified Threat Management (UTM) • Security and Vulnerability Management • Risk and Compliance Management • Intrusion Detection System/Intrusion Prevention System (Ids/Ips) • Identity and Access Management (IAM) • Firewall • Encryption • Distributed Denial of Service Mitigation • Disaster Recovery • Data Loss Protection (DLP) • Antivirus and Anti malware • White listing • Other Solutions Security Types Covered: • Application Security • Cloud Security • Content Security • Endpoint Security • Network Security • Wireless Security • Industrial Control Systems Security Services Covered: • Professional Services o Training and Education o Risk and Threat Assessment o Managed Security Services (MSS) o Design and Integration o Consulting • Managed Services Applications Covered: • Telecom and IT • Retail • Manufacturing • Healthcare • Government and Public Utilities • Banking, Financial Services and Insurance (BFSI) • Aerospace, Defense and Intelligence • Other Applications Deployment Modes Covered: • On-Premises • Cloud Components Covered: • Services • Solution Organization Sizes Covered: • Large Enterprises • Small and Medium Enterprises Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/cyber-security-market-2016 https://twitter.com/StratisticsMRC Follow us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/stratistics-market-research-consulting-pvt-ltd?trk=mini-profile Contact Details: Contact Person: James Lamb Email: info@strategymrc.com Phone: +1-301-202-5929 / +1-301-202-7681 Website: www.strategymrc.com About Stratistics MRC We offer wide spectrum of research and consulting services with in-depth knowledge of different industries. We are known for customized research services, consulting services and Full Time Equivalent (FTE) services in the research world. We explore the market trends and draw our insights with valid assessments and analytical views. We use advanced techniques and tools among the quantitative and qualitative methodologies to identify the market trends. Our research reports and publications are routed to help our clients to design their business models and enhance their business growth in the competitive market scenario. We have a strong team with hand-picked consultants including project managers, implementers, industry experts, researchers, research evaluators and analysts with years of experience in delivering the complex projects. For more information, please visit Stratistics Market Research Consulting Pvt Ltd CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Google News, Industry, Markets, satPRnews, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Aircraft De-icing Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Next PostNext Attorney Stephen K. Brooks has Achieved the AV Preeminent Rating – the Highest Possible Rating from Martindale-Hubbell Search Recent Posts Latest Report on 2017 Solid Surface Market Global Analysis & 2022 Forecast Research Study Paper Label Market Report upto 2021 – Industry Outlook, Development and Forecast Orbis Research: Marble Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2017 – 2022 2017 Granite Floor Industry by Services, Applications & by Geography – Global Trends & Forecasts to 2022 Praziquantel Market – Global Industry Analysis, Trend Research Report and Forecast 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Leaked Surface Pro 5 Details Reveal No Significant Changes By Adnan Farooqui on 04/09/2017 08:16 PDT Microsoft is due to launch new hardware in the near future and while much has been rumored and said about the Surface Book 2, we haven’t really heard much about the Surface Pro 5. Some early details about the Surface Pro 5 have been leaked online and they suggest that the company isn’t making any major changes to this product. It said that the Surface Pro 5 is going to retain the proprietary Surface power connector and that Microsoft is not going to make any significant changes to this product. It may very well be just a refreshed version of the existing Surface Pro device with better internals. Speaking of internals, the Surface Pro 5 is expected to be powered by Intel’s latest Kaby Lake processors, as one would expect from a next-generation Windows device. No further details about the internal specifications have been offered as yet. It remains to be seen if Microsoft decides to put in a USB Type-C port, many would expect it to, given that most PC manufacturers are now including at least one of these ports in their new machines. However, it’s not surprising to hear that Microsoft might retain the Surface power connector. It committed to making sure that all Surface Pro 3 adapters, docking stations, and covers were compatible with the Surface Pro 4 so it may very well make that commitment with the Surface Pro 5 as well. Microsoft is expected to unveil the Surface Pro 5 at an event in the coming weeks. Filed in Computers. Read more about Microsoft. Related Articles 2017-04-09 Cortana Can Now Help Set Up A New PC With Voice Commands 2017-04-07 Microsoft Banning And Removing Emulators From The Windows Store 2017-04-06 Microsoft Has Banned Game Emulators From Windows Store 2017-04-06 Project Scorpio Specifications Confirmed By Microsoft 2017-04-06 Blizzard Will ‘Wait And See’ With Regards To Overwatch For Scorpio Some Facebook Users Are Seeing A New Rocket Icon In The App Google Pulls The Plug On Its Map Maker Service Some Nintendo Switch Owners Are Reporting Warped Consoles Pornhub Gives Its Visitors A Heart Attack With Its April Fool’s Prank Apple Patent Hints At The Return Of The MagSafe Connector Tests Find Apple’s Laptop Battery Life Claims Are The Most Accurate Middle Eastern Airlines Has A Workaround On Electronics Ban Galaxy S8’s Battery Will Degrade Slower Than The Galaxy S7 User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
CD Interest Rate Forecast 2017 Bonds vs Stocks Market Data Types of Bonds Best CD Rates LearnBonds Bond and Finance News Home News Automotive Consumer Discretionary Energy Economy Healthcare Financials Industrials Earnings Stocks Technology Politics Forex Investment Guides Investing In Bonds Investing in Bond Funds Investing In Treasuries Investing In Municipal Bonds Investing in Corporate Bonds More Bond Investing Guides… Annuities Contact Contributors Microsoft Surface Phone – Ultimate Mobile Device – Could Replace PC April 9, 2017 By Muhammad Nadeem Leave a Comment Filed Under: Consumer Discretionary, News, Technology Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) is said to be building a Windows 10 smartphone that could take the place of your laptop or desktop computer. The company has publicly admitted that it is planning to build the ultimate mobile device. Microsoft really impressed us with its Surface devices and now the tech world is eagerly waiting for a cool Surface smartphone. Official details about the phone are scant, but rumors suggest that the Surface Phone will arrive in late 2017. Possibly dubbed the Surface Phone, the Windows 10-powered handset is expected to come with a radical design and unique features. The company is expected to release the Phone in three variants: a consumer model, a business model, and an enthusiast edition. In this post, we will discuss the Surface Phone features, price, and release date. Surface Phone The Surface Phone is expected to come with a radical design. Microsoft is thinking about a phone that could be folded into a tablet. A new patent filed by the company includes a mobile device with multiple flexible hinges. The patent shows that the Windows maker is looking to build a mobile device that could work as both a smartphone and tablet. Another patent filed by the company shows that the device could function as a book or a laptop. The Windows 10-powered Surface Phone is said to target business and corporate users. Rumors suggest that the Phone would be the most secure and productivity-focused handset. The tech world is expecting three versions of the Phone, with the base model featuring 4GB of RAM and 64 GB of storage. The mid-range would have 6GB RAM and 128GB storage. All of the models are rumored to sport a 20-megapixel rear camera with a Carl Zeiss lens.   To see a list of high yielding CDs go here.   The Surface Phone is said to be powered by Intel’s Kaby Lake chips. However, some reports are claiming that the company will use Qualcomm’s Snapdragon processors in the Phone. Microsoft and Qualcomm had announced plans to bring Windows 10 support to devices running the Snapdragon processors. The Surface Phone is rumored to support Win32 apps, meaning users would be able to run Windows program on the smartphone. The availability of Win32 apps on the Phone would encourage many Android and iOS users to switch to a Windows phone. According to tech pundits, the Surface Phone could get an edge over iPhone and Android devices if it comes with Win32 apps support. Furthermore, Microsoft is reportedly developing a pen and a removable keyboard for the Surface Phone to make professionals and business users more productive. According to the reports, the Surface Pen would offer more precise and accurate input method, while the removable keyboard could be used for all the long typing sessions. Release Date and Price Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) seems to be waiting for a right time to launch the Surface Phone. The company has yet to release official information regarding the Phone. We expect that the company will beak its silence about the Phone in June. As far as the release date is concerned, the Surface Phone could arrive in Holiday 2017 when Microsoft will announce its most powerful console the Project Xbox Scorpio. The lower-end Surface Phone expected to start at $699, while the higher-end Phone is likely to get a price tag of $1,099. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website LearnBonds Contact Us About Privacy Policy Sitemap Resources Financial Terms Investing Guides Videos CD Rates Bond Info Best of the Bond Market Municipal Bonds Treasury Bonds Corporate Bonds Agency Bonds Savings Bonds Categories Categories Select Category annuities  (24) Automotive  (1,032) Best of the Bond Market  (792) BlackRock  (16) Bond Basics  (96) Bond Basics Videos  (19) Bond Funds  (350)    Bond ETFs  (92)    Bond Fund Basics  (58)    Bond Fund Commentary  (98)    Bond Fund Data  (6)    Bond Fund Investment Ideas  (67)    Bond Mutual Funds  (91)    Choosing a Bond Fund  (62)    LB Ratings  (33)    PIMCO  (46)       PIMCO Podcast  (1) Bond Investment Guides  (9) Bond Investment Ideas  (332) Bond Market Daily Wrapup  (142) Bond Market Data  (36) Bonds  (58) Buying Bonds How To  (23) Certificates of Deposit  (19) Charles Schwab  (1) Commentary  (31) Consumer Discretionary  (1,059) corporate bonds  (168)    Corporate Bond Basics  (27)    Corporate Bond Commentary  (66)    Corporate Bond Data  (1)    Corporate Bond How to Guides  (11)    Corporate Bond Investment Ideas  (23)    junk bonds  (52) credit  (4) Earnings  (116) Economic News  (170) Energy  (184) Federal Reserve  (72) Financials  (78) Forex  (13) glossary  (50) Gold  (118) Healthcare  (57) Housing  (9) Industrials  (48) Interviews  (16) Investing for Millennials  (3) iShares  (16) Lifestyle  (4) Municipal Bonds  (146)    Municipal Bond Basics  (24)    Municipal Bond Data  (7)    Municipal Bond How to Guides  (11)    Municipal Bond Investment Ideas  (12)    Municipal Bond Market Commentary  (70) News  (7,570) Peer to Peer Lending  (24)    P2P Lending Videos  (4) Politics  (31) Raymond James Weekly Update  (32) REIT  (2) Savings Bonds  (35)    Savings Bond Basics  (13)    Savings Bond Commentary  (18)    Savings Bond Data  (1)    Savings Bond How to Guides  (9) Silver  (1) Stocks  (194) Surface Phone  (25) Taxes  (21) Technology  (4,463) test  (1) Treasuries  (229)    Treasury Bond Basics  (16)    Treasury Bond Data  (4)    Treasury Bond How To Guides  (5)    Treasury Bond Investment Ideas  (8)    Treasury Market Commentay  (54) Uncategorized  (102)    Financials  (4) Video  (15) Copyright © 2017 LearnBonds.com
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 April 2017 by Military News Free Webinar, April 5: The 2016 Anti-Slavery Compliance Benchmarking Study – Trends and Good Practices Interactive Webinar with iPoint, Development International and Julia Ormond of ASSET REUTLINGEN, GERMANY, Mar. 30 /CSRwire/ – Join us on April 5, 2017, for an interactive webinar which will explain the findings, trends, and good practices of a recently released anti-slavery compliance benchmarking study. Prepared by the NPO Development International (DI), the study rated the legal compliance, affirmative practice, and transparency of 1,909 companies’ anti-human trafficking and slavery-related disclosure statements of 2016. The law in focus: the California Transparency in Supply Chains Act of 2010 (CA-TISCA). The companies subject to this law include U.S. as well as foreign companies with a combined global revenue of $48.4 trillion in 2016. In the interactive webinar, DI’s principal investigator Dr. Chris Bayer and DI’s analyst Jesse Hudson are joined by former UN Goodwill Ambassador Julia Ormond, founder and president of the Alliance to stop Slavery and End Trafficking (ASSET), which was instrumental in passing the California Transparency in Supply Chains Act and the UK Modern Slavery Act (2015). Register here Date and time: April 5, 2017, 10:00 AM – 11:00 AM PDT | 11:00 AM – 12:00 PM MDT | 1:00 PM – 2:00 PM EDT | 12:00 PM – 1:00 PM CDT | 6:00 PM – 7:00 PM BST | 7:00 PM – 8:00 PM CEST  Speakers Julia Ormond, Founder and President, Alliance to Stop Slavery and End Trafficking (ASSET) Dr. Chris N. Bayer, Principal Investigator, Development International Jesse Hudson, Analyst, Development International Marc Church, President of U.S. Sales and Operations, iPoint-systems About CA-TISCA CA-TISCA requires retailers and manufacturers doing business in the state of California with annual worldwide gross receipts exceeding $100 million to publicly disclose the measures they have taken to eradicate modern-day slavery and human trafficking in their supply chains. About the 2016 Benchmarking Study The iPoint-funded study indicates that the companies in focus have improved on all fronts as compared to reporting year 2015. More companies had a statement, more were compliant, and more pro-active initiative has been taken by these businesses in their efforts to responsibly produce and source goods which they sell in California. Among the 20 companies which received a combined compliance, affirmative, and transparency score of 86% and above are American Eagle Outfitters (95%), HP (93%), Intel (92%), Burberry (90%), Brooks Sports (90%), Patagonia (89%), GAP (88%), Papyrus (88%), Bath & Body Works (87%), Vans (87%), and Apple (86%). Resources Evaluated companies can request their individual scorecards with a breakdown of their disclosure compliance, affirmative practice, and transparency score, from this website: http://www.ipoint-systems.com/ca-tisca-2016/ The full report, entitled “Corporate Compliance with the California Transparency in Supply Chains Act: Anti-Slavery Performance in 2016”, can also be downloaded from this website. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Chevron’s False Evidence in Ecuador Pollution Case Presented to U.S. Supreme Court Next PostNext Top WBENC Consumer Companies Join Together for the First Time in Collective Initiative to Source from Women-Owned Businesses Search Recent Posts Latest Report on 2017 Solid Surface Market Global Analysis & 2022 Forecast Research Study Paper Label Market Report upto 2021 – Industry Outlook, Development and Forecast Orbis Research: Marble Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2017 – 2022 2017 Granite Floor Industry by Services, Applications & by Geography – Global Trends & Forecasts to 2022 Praziquantel Market – Global Industry Analysis, Trend Research Report and Forecast 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
The Suburban Times The community newspaper for DuPont, Fircrest, Lakewood, Steilacoom and University Place Home Calendar Submit an Event Communities Anderson Island Camp Murray DuPont Fircrest Joint Base Lewis-McChord Lakewood Parkland Pierce County Puyallup Spanaway Steilacoom Tacoma Tillicum University Place Departments Announcements Arts & Entertainment Blog Business Community Service Crime Elections Events Government History Home and Garden Recreation Letters People Pictures Schools Sports Obituary Notices How Do I? Advertise Contact Share a Story Submit an Event See Email Archives Subscribe Best college in Washington State for Grad Jobs? April 9, 2017 By University of Puget Sound Leave a Comment TACOMA, Wash. – University of Puget Sound is the best college in Washington state for getting a job after graduation, according to a new ranking based on U.S. Department of Education data. The study by career information website Zippia found that after 10 years, more than 92 percent of Puget Sound graduates were employed, putting the national liberal arts college alongside the top universities and colleges in the country, as measured by graduate employment. The prospects for a job is a factor that has become increasingly important to new graduates across the country over recent years, according to a 2015 survey by the Higher Education Research Institute of University of California, Los Angeles. In creating its ranking, Zippia used data from IPEDS, the Integrated Postsecondary Education Data System compiled by the National Center for Education Statistics, which includes data on employment levels of graduates from each U.S. institute of higher education. Puget Sound’s own survey of 2016 graduates, compiled by Career and Employment Services, asked new grads what they were doing seven months after they earned their degrees in May 2016. The survey found that 63 percent were employed; 22 percent were pursuing graduate studies or other continuing education at places including Johns Hopkins University, Tufts University, and London School of Economics; 8 percent were doing public service for groups such as AmeriCorps, Teach for America, and the Peace Corps; 6 percent were looking for work; and 1 percent were traveling or pursuing other interests. Employers of Puget Sound graduates include Allen Institute for Brain Science, Amazon, Apple, Boeing, Centers for Disease Control, Intel, Microsoft, National Institutes of Health, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, Nike, National Public Radio, Seattle Magazine, and the U.S. House of Representatives. Students at Puget Sound are encouraged to take part in experiential education, which gives them individualized opportunities to develop hands-on skills and to work with employers and community groups. Importantly, such programs also give students time for reflection on how these experiences align with their academic studies so they are better prepared for careers and a lifetime of learning. Examples of such “high-impact learning” include the Summer Immersion Internship Programs; summer research grants; digital humanities work; courses in science, business, and education involving off-campus partners; study abroad programs, internships, program assistant jobs, undergraduate conferences, civic research, and community volunteerism. Puget Sound is a national liberal arts college attracting students from 46 states and 8 countries, about three-quarters of whom come from out of state. It is in the top 5 percent of colleges in the country for students who go on to earn doctoral degrees and has a high acceptance of graduates to prestigious medical and law schools. Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Subscribe to The Suburban Times Receive the email edition of The Suburban Times to your inbox each morning - Free of Charge. Email* Phone This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Contact Us The Suburban Times P.O. Box 39099 Lakewood, WA 98496 Ben Sclair, Publisher 253-312-1804 Stephen Neufeld, Marketing Executive 253-318-7013 Copyright © 2017 · News Pro Theme On Genesis Framework · WordPress · Log in Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
/ IoT Zone Over a million developers have joined DZone. Sign In / Join {{node.title}} {{node.type}} · {{ node.urlSource.name }} · by {{node.authors[0].realName }} DOWNLOAD {{node.downloads}} {{totalResults}} search results Refcardz Guides Zones | Agile Big Data Cloud Database DevOps Integration IoT Java Mobile Performance Security Web Dev {{announcement.body}}{{announcement.title}} Let's be friends: What Prevents the Internet of Things in Business? DZone's Guide to What Prevents the Internet of Things in Business? The Internet of Things poses a world of promise, but there's a lot of inertia to connect businesses. Let's examine those barriers and discover how to break through them. by Juan Jose Bello · Apr. 09, 17 · IoT Zone Free Resource Like (0) Comment (0) Save Tweet {{ articles[0].views | formatCount}} Views Edit Delete {{ articles[0].isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ articles[0].isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }} Join the DZone community and get the full member experience. Join For Free Perhaps you have identified an opportunity to implement IoT initiatives in your company. However, you might be struggling to communicate this value to non-technical colleagues, especially decision makers in management, your CEO, or the executive board. We want to help you successfully convey the value of IoT and what tools exist to assist your business. In this three-part blog series called “How to convince your CEO to Invest in IoT,” we look to help you structure a proposition to assure executive officers or leadership of the benefits of implementing IoT projects. In part 1, we will demonstrate the biased reluctance of decision makers considering IoT and the possible organizational and institutional cause for this reluctance. Then, in part two, we will explain the basic components IoT and benefits of implementation and some examples of IoT projects. Lastly, in part three, we will conclude with the key questions with answers aimed to raise interest in IoT projects. Why Do Companies Struggle to Adopt New Technologies To find out why companies struggle to adapt IoT initiatives, we will begin by explaining what stops or slows the digital transformation of companies? Digital transformation refers to the use of new digital technologies such as mobile, social media, cloud computing, or the Internet of Things, among others. MIT Sloan Management Review and Capgemini Consulting carried out a study titled Embracing Digital Technology where researchers surveyed 1559 executives across multiple industries in order to identify how they were adopting digital technologies to improve their business. Even though 78% of respondents claimed they would start their digital transformation in the next 2 years or have already had started, only 38% of respondents said that digital transformation was a permanent fixture in their business’ agenda. With so many projects in the IT agenda, most of which include existing and known technologies such as ERPs, CRMs, WMS, client web portals, or the integration of it all, it is no wonder that projects involving new technologies such as IoT would be delayed. The Digital Maturity Index After identifying a large desire for digital transformation, but a lacking haste for integration, researchers asked respondents to answer a set of questions to assist researchers in determining their digital maturity category based on the Digital Maturity Index Developed by MIT Center for Digital Business and Capgemini Consulting. Digital Maturity referring to: “digital intensity, the level of investment in technology-enabled initiatives meant to change how the company operates. And transformation management intensity, the level of investment in the leadership capabilities needed to create digital transformation within an organization.” Based on these factors, respondents were found to exist within this distribution.  MIT's Center for Digital Business and Capgemini Consulting findings suggest that more than half of surveyed companies fall within the lowest level of digital maturity. If digital technologies such as IoT are already recognized by businesses as a critical path for success, we wonder what reasons are causing slow adoption even though digital technologies are desired? Below are some organizational and institutional barriers that have been found to limit integration and decision making by management. Organizational Barriers Organizations are a group of people brought together for a common purpose and in control of their own performance. Within organizations, a lack of urgency affects adoption of digital technologies with almost 40% of respondents failing to remain diligent in their efforts. Often this “lacking urgency” is not a determining factor for avoidance but poor planning is. Researchers found leaders want technology to help with everyday tasks, but a clear vision or roadmap for the digital transformation is typically missing or non-existent; thus delaying the integration process. Possibly the most interesting findings of the survey is a clear split in the perception of urgency between the top managers at companies and those below them. In fact, the further down the organizational ladder one goes, the less satisfied workers are with the quickness of digital transformation at their organizations. A third of C-level executives and board members think the pace of change is about right, and another 10% think it is fast, or even very fast. CEOs are particularly bullish — 53% think the pace is right, fast, or very fast, the highest of any category. In addition to different expectations for the pace of change, here are some additional organizational barriers identified.  Institutional Barriers MIT Sloan Management Review and Capgemini Consulting Researchers determined 4 institutional challenges based on respondents opinions. Institutional Barriers being policies, procedures, or situations that systematically disadvantage certain groups of people. 1. Attitudes of Older Workers MIT and Capgemini’s research also suggests a deep-rooted perception that older people (referring to people over 50, according to a respondent) who commonly are the decision makers in companies, are technophobic; they are to say “fearful or disliking to advanced technology or complex devices and especially computers.” Conversely, though, innovation is believed to be right around the corner as technologically supportive millennials begin to absorb leadership roles in businesses. “In the next 10 to 15 years, we’re going to have the greatest transfer of knowledge that’s ever taken place,” says Chip Espinoza, director of organizational psychology at Concordia University Irvine. The Role of Younger Managers and IoT With this transfer of knowledge, we thought about the roles that future managers will have to fulfill and found Edwina Fitzmaurice, EY Global Advisory Business Development Leader, to say it better than we could. Edwina postulates that organizations are responding to the need to innovate by coupling the advantages created by IoT with joining millennials to middle and upper-management since this generation quickly understands digital technologies. Fitzmaurice also suggested that a new kind of leadership is required, where organizations should shift from efficiency-driven management to leaders that focus on creativity, innovation, growth and disruption. It is the later leader who will be able to disrupt the statuesque and push for efficient innovation. 2. Legacy Technologies Past attempts for a digital transformation led to well-intentioned initiatives that failed to produce and resulted in legacy systems. Companies with great trajectory have seen how past technologies over-promised results and became outdated or useless, which fosters skepticism and criticism for new implementations. Should businesses be skeptic about the Internet of Things?Each year, Gartner releases the Hype Cycle study to help businesses discerning the hype from what is commercially available. According to TechTarget, “The hype cycle is a graphical representation of the life cycle stages a technology goes through from conception to maturity and widespread adoption.” According to Gartner’s Hype Cycle 2016 report, the Internet of Things is amongst the most over-hyped technologies, located near the “Peak of Inflated Expectations” stage. The Hype Cycle describes how technologies adoption evolve: First, in the “Innovation Trigger” stage, a new technology enters the public awareness, with low expectations and unknown potential. Technologies such as Quantum computing, holographic displays, and human augmentation fall into this stage of the cycle. Later, technologies rise to “The Peak of Inflated Expectations”, where the Internet of Things, Autonomous vehicles, consumer 3D printing, wearables and other technologies are located. Gartner posits they are over-hyped at the moment. Then, comes the “Trough of disillusionment” stage, with the realization a technology will never perform as its proponents expected. Next, technologies enter the “Slope of Enlightenment”, where the actual potential is widespread understood, as it is nowadays with 3D printing and gesture control. Finally, the “Plateau of Productivity” is reached. In this stage, technologies are good enough to carry out their functions, the hype is eliminated and adopters are willing to give a new chance. Speech recognition is already at this stage. Gartner forecasted that IoT will take five to then years to reach the “Plateau of Productivity”. The firm mentions that the changing nature of technology itself and the lack of standardization in data, wireless protocols and technologies are the main reasons why widespread adoption is further than expected. Hence, businesses need not necessarily be skeptical, but they should calculate their own expenses to entry and leave the proponents to over-promises. 3. Innovation Fatigue According to the “Embracing Digital Technology” study, the fast emergence of various digital technologies have resulted in what researchers described as innovation fatigue, which as consequence has low adoption or assimilation of innovative technologies in organizations; companies have been overwhelmed with software and firmware updates plus information overload all complicating the desire towards innovation. Andrew McAfee, principal researcher at the Center for Digital Business, suggested at a talk about leadership complacency that companies need to include or develop individuals at the top of the organization who can scan the technology landscape to help to digest constant change. He also argued that once companies adopt innovation and disruption, they don’t stop. Additionally, Kimberly Stevenson, Intel’s CIO stated “They’ve gone through ERP, they’ve gone through BYO, and they’ve gone through the cloud, and they think they’ve done it all. But the reality is, we’re only at the very, very beginning of this next generation of computing, and I think that every industry leader will be the ones that transform first. I don’t care what industry you’re talking about.”. Is There Innovation Fatigue Around the Internet of Things? Citrix published Predictions for the Internet of Things (IoT) in 2016, mentioning the rise of IoT fatigue: the hype around IoT is reaching a peak and, eventually, the hype bubble would burst. In the post, Chris Witeck said that we would see more commentary crushing this IoT bubble and more cases of products with no clear business models. For example, there is a Tumblr site called We Put a Chip in It, with a list of “useless” IoT projects exposing the mania for connecting everything to the Internet, even when the value clearly apparent for businesses and individuals. The innovation fatigue that we currently see, we believe, has more to do with businesses failing to pinpoint that problem they want IoT to solve and hope that if they invest, IoT will provide the answers. This is not a practical use of IoT and we want to warn again this tendency and instead suggest that if IoT is to accelerate your business, gather all your data, use better and newer analytics, and employ the IoT to provide feedback on inefficiencies in a current business cycle and use this information to improve. 4. Internal Politics In the same Sloan and Capgemini study, 21% of respondents suggested that internal politics hold back technology due to the leaders’ fear of losing power in the organization. As a contingency, companies apply governance mechanisms such as cross-functional steering committees or specific digital leadership roles. Do Companies Need a Chief IoT Officer? According to Techtarget, a Chief IoT Officer is an executive title given to a person at an enterprise in charge of how products that support the Internet of Things are developed and implemented to best support company objectives and goals. Among other responsibilities, an IoT role for C-level positions includes ensuring data privacy and security, leveraging data analytics for boosting sales and marketing efforts, and working with R&D and product design to implement projects that help meet the company's overall goals and objectives. Webroot, a UK information security company ran a study called IoT: Risk or Reward (2016), in which the found half of the 500 surveyed CEOs were considering to employ a Chief IoT officer for the next year. Does your business have a Chief IoT Officer? If you are looking to implement IoT, should your business have a Chief IoT Officer to combat the 21% of people who believe internal politics restrict technological innovation? What's Next? Now that we better understand some barriers to digital evolution and IoT integration, what’s next? In part 2/3 in our How to Convince your CEO to Invest in IoT series, we will demonstrate how to explain the Internet of Things to non-technical leadership and the benefits of integration. Like This Article? Read More From DZone Businesses Have Less Than Two Years to Make Digital Inroads Before Suffering Financial and Competitive Losses Big Data in Oil and Gas IIoT Replacing Legacy Java EE App Servers With Microservices and Containers Free DZone Refcard Reactive Programming with Akka DOWNLOAD Topics: digital ,technologies ,components ,fatigue ,projects Like (0) Comment (0) Save Tweet {{ articles[0].views | formatCount}} Views Edit Delete {{ articles[0].isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ articles[0].isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }} Published at DZone with permission of Juan Jose Bello, DZone MVB. See the original article here. Opinions expressed by DZone contributors are their own. THE DZONE NEWSLETTER Dev Resources & Solutions Straight to Your Inbox Submit Thanks for subscribing! Awesome! Check your inbox to verify your email so you can start receiving the latest in tech news and resources. X {{ editionName }} {{ node.blurb }} Free {{node.type}} {{ ::node.title }} {{ parent.title || parent.header.title}} {{ parent.tldr }} {{ parent.linkDescription }} {{ parent.urlSource.name }} by {{ parent.authors[0].realName || parent.author}} · {{ parent.articleDate | date:'MMM. dd, yyyy' }} {{ parent.linkDate | date:'MMM. dd, yyyy' }} · {{ parent.portal.name }} Zone Tweet {{ parent.views }} ViewsClicks Edit Delete {{ parent.isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ parent.isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }}
Home News Crime Local Texas Sports Investigations Weather Alerts Allergy Report Forecast Radar Rainfall Totals Low Water Crossing & Road Closures Austin Webcams Traffic Report It Live Stream Studio512 Contact Us 71° F Overcast Hi: 83° F Lo: 68° F Forecast Radar Weather Blog Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local Texas National Crime Politics Live Streaming Bastrop County Hays County Williamson County Featured: Biloxi Bus Crash immigraiton Texas Legislature Latest Headlines Philippine appellate court affirms conviction of US Marine Updated: 6 mins ago MANILA, Philippines (AP) — A Philippines appeals court on Monday affirmed a regional trial court’s conviction of a U.S. Marine and his sente… China bars wife of detained Taiwan activist from visiting Updated: 36 mins ago TAIPEI, Taiwan (AP) — The wife of a pro-democracy activist detained in China says she has been prevented from flying to the mainland to dema… AP PHOTOS: In Tijuana, faces of the US-Mexico border Updated: 36 mins ago China navy says it foiled pirate attack on ship off Somalia Updated: 36 mins ago Recent developments surrounding the South China Sea 12:16 am Weather Weather Alerts Allergy Report Burn Bans Forecast Lake Levels Radar Rainfall Totals Satellite SatRad Tropics Water Crossings Weather Blog Weather Diary Webcams Current Conditions 71° F Overcast Feels Like: 71° F Wind: 6 Humidity: 84% Dewpoint: 66° F Sunrise: 7:10 AM Sunset: 7:54 PM Austin Area Weather 7-Day Forecast Radar Allergy Satellite Traffic Low Water Crossings Investigations Sports More Than The Score Report It More About Us Contact Us Meet Our Team Television Schedule Work for Us ——————- Hidden History KXAN Educates XtheTXT Contests Email Alerts Text Alerts Studio 512 Studio 512 Art Beauty Cocktails DIY Entertainment Family Fashion Financial Fitness Food Gardening Home Décor Medical Music Pets Personal Time Weddings Latest Headlines Schools will close if reforms don’t pass, says House Education Chairman April 9, 2017 On Sept. 1st, Blanco ISD officials say they will cut staff. The House Education Chariman says it’s only the beginning if nothing is done. 5th Annual Balloons over Horseshoe Bay Resort April 7, 2017 For more information and reservations, visit http://www.hsbresort.com or call 877-611-0112. Bohemian Bridal Hairstyles April 7, 2017 Tips For Maintaining Your Beautiful Curls April 7, 2017 Tasteful Ways to Show A Little Skin April 7, 2017 Search for: Search the site 71° F Overcast Hi: 83° F Lo: 68° F Everything you need to know about Express Opening Day By Calily Bien Published: April 5, 2017, 4:20 pm Updated: April 6, 2017, 6:22 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Dell Diamond (KXAN Viewer Photo) Related Coverage Texas Rangers open season against AL Champs Learning to Play Ball with Round Rock Express ROUND ROCK, Texas (KXAN) — Nothing says spring like settling into a plastic seat, ordering a hot dog and watching the first pitch. On Thursday, the Round Rock Express kicks off the 2017 season at Dell Diamond against the Nashville Sounds. No matter if you have season tickets or are planning your first visit to a game, here are some tips to make your visit a fun one. Opening Day  Gates open at 6:05 p.m. First pitch is at 7:05 p.m. In Honor: Austin Copeland will throw out the ceremonial first pitch in honor of his father Sean and brother Brodie, who were killed in the terrorist attack in Nice, France last summer.  National Anthem: Will be sung by the Round Rock Community Choir Stay Late: There will be fireworks after the game! What’s New: Hall of Fame Grille in the Intel Club Nolan Ryan’s Beef Fireball Grill Parking: It’s $10. Drive a Lexus? If you drive it to the stadium you get complimentary parking, courtesy of Lexus of Austin and Lakeway. Visit the Round Rock Express website for a full schedule of coming games. Fun Facts The Round Rock Express says they sell about 6,000 hot dogs every Monday night during dollar hot dog night. They go through 10 to 11 dozen baseballs per game. which means they use more than 9,000 per season! If you’re a fan of bobbleheads, get thee to a game! They expect to give away 5,000 bobbleheads this year. For the fireworks show on Opening Day, they’ll use 1,463 shells/devices. Share this: Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Related Posts WATCH: Express top Nashville in season opener Texas Rangers open season against AL Champs Grand slam gives Indians opening sweep of Rangers Free Weekend Fun March 24-26 Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » KXAN.com provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Users who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending on KXAN.com Top Stories Strong storms late Monday & early Tuesday Family of attorney killed searches for answers amid grief At opening weekend, Austin’s only drive-in theater draws big crowd Photo Galleries PHOTOS: U.S. missile attacks on Syria’s air bases PHOTOS: Severe storms move through Central Texas PHOTOS: Members from First Baptist New Braunfels killed in crash PHOTOS: Members from First Baptist New Braunfels killed in crash PHOTOS: Anvil cloud looms over the Austin area PHOTOS: Attack on British Parliament PHOTOS: Train crashes into bus from Austin in Biloxi PHOTOS: Storm spawns tornadoes across central US Thrall-area struck by two tornadoes PHOTOS: Severe storms leave behind damage, destruction A Day Without Immigrants Bastrop kidnapping ends in deadly shooting along SH 71 in Del Valle PHOTOS: Red carpet fashion at the Grammys PHOTOS: Truck slams into Georgetown home leaving gaping hole That time Lady Gaga rocked Halftime PHOTOS: Taste of the NFL – Party with a Purpose PHOTOS: Players committing to colleges for National Signing Day PHOTOS: Behind the scenes of 2017 Super Bowl PHOTOS: Glorious sunsets sweeping across the Austin-area sky PHOTOS: Women’s March on Austin Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement KXAN.com © 2000-2017 Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Austin Weather Traffic Investigations Report It Sports KXAN Educates Station About Us Contact Us Contests TV Schedule Email Alerts Text Alerts Work for Us Facebook Twitter Business Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File Children’s TV Programming EEO Report Media General Our Stations The CW Austin KBVO Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram KXAN-TV 908 W. Martin Luther King Jr Blvd Austin, Texas 78701 Ph: 512-476-3636 KXAN Feedback If you have feedback about KXAN, we'd love to hear it. If you have a story, investigative, weather or web site tip, please visit our Report It page. Advertisement X Our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Have Changed Important Notice About Our Privacy Policy: We have modified our Privacy Policy to update and clarify our data collection, use, and disclosure practices. By using this site, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null
  Guru3D.com Forums > General Chat > Frontpage news ryzen 5 shines in early review User Name Remember Me? Password Frontpage news Perhaps you have some news to report or want to check out the latest Guru3D headlines and comment ? Check it in here. Search Forums Show Threads   Show Posts Advanced Search Tag Search Go to Page...   Thread Tools Display Modes ryzen 5 shines in early review   (#1) arakisb Newbie   Videocard: vega Processor: zen Mainboard: Memory: Soundcard: PSU: seasonic ryzen 5 shines in early review - Yesterday, 00:01 | posts: 12 http://www.universityherald.com/arti...view-video.htm     arakisb View Public Profile Find all posts by arakisb     (#2) Loophole35 Ancient Guru   Videocard: 1070 SC Processor: 2600k@4.8 w/ NH-D15S Mainboard: P8Z77-V Memory: G-Skills ddr3 16GB@1866 Soundcard: SoundBlaster Z PSU: TX850 Yesterday, 01:53 | posts: 7,706 | Location: FLA,USA Slanted opinion puff piece. Even said that it only won in Doom and BF1. Guess what Ryzen wools well in those games. It's worded weird but they even say that the 7700k beats it in most games. Don't get me wrong Ryzen is a great CPU but it is not the Intel killer AMD fanboys hoped for and are still trying to claim it is.     Loophole35 View Public Profile Find all posts by Loophole35   (#3) Aura89 Ancient Guru     Videocard: MSI 1080 Ti GAMING X 11G Processor: AMD 7 1700x Mainboard: Asus ROG Crosshair VI Memory: 2x8GB G.Skill 3200Mhz Soundcard: Asus STX II/DT 990 Pro PSU: EVGA SuperNOVA 750 G2 Yesterday, 02:02 | posts: 5,830 | Location: USA Quote: Originally Posted by Loophole35 it is not the Intel killer AMD fanboys hoped for and are still trying to claim it is. From price, is absolutely is, from performance, it depends in that situation.     Aura89 View Public Profile Find all posts by Aura89   (#4) -Tj- Ancient Guru     Videocard: ZOTAC GTX980Ti Amp!Omega Processor: Intel i7 4770K OC 4.7GHz Mainboard: ASUS Z87 Deluxe 2103 Memory: DDR3 G.skill 16GB 2400MHz Soundcard: X-Fi Titanium HD @Bose A5 PSU: Nitro88+ 650W 52A Yesterday, 02:08 | posts: 13,570 | Location: Proxima \/82 ^ That's one killer system overhaul you got there, congrats     -Tj- View Public Profile Find all posts by -Tj-     (#5) Agonist Maha Guru     Videocard: R9 Fury Nitro OC Processor: i7 3930k@ 4.1 H100i Mainboard: ASUS P9X79 PRO Memory: HyperX 1866 16GB DDR3 Soundcard: Asus Xonar DXG X-540 5.1 PSU: OCZ Fata1ty 1000w Yesterday, 02:09 | posts: 2,170 | Location: Tennessee Quote: Originally Posted by Loophole35 Slanted opinion puff piece. Even said that it only won in Doom and BF1. Guess what Ryzen wools well in those games. It's worded weird but they even say that the 7700k beats it in most games. Don't get me wrong Ryzen is a great CPU but it is not the Intel killer AMD fanboys hoped for and are still trying to claim it is. Why does it have to be AMD 'fanboys" that have to hope it was an intel killer. I was hoping it would be and its close enough. I hate any and all fanboy logic from any side. Intel prices on old tech that should not be priced what it is even after ryzen launch is just crap.     Agonist View Public Profile Find all posts by Agonist   (#6) Corrupt^ Ancient Guru     Videocard: ASUS 1080GTX STRIX Processor: Core i7 5820K Mainboard: ASUS X99-A/USB 3.1 Memory: Kingston HypX 16GB 3Ghz Soundcard: Essence STXII Senn. HD650 PSU: Super Flower 1200W Yesterday, 02:10 | posts: 6,527 | Location: Belgium Time will tell. If games start to use more then 4 cores then it will become very interesting, if not, it will be more like "meh, they finally caught up though".     Corrupt^ View Public Profile Find all posts by Corrupt^   (#7) airbud7 Ancient Guru     Videocard: MSI RX 480 ARMOR 4G OC Processor: i7-2600k (Thanks sykozis) Mainboard: ASRock H61icalf Memory: 8GB G.S DDR3 1600 --TK-- Soundcard: Xonar DX PSU: PC Power&Cooling S61EPS Yesterday, 02:45 | posts: 3,863 | Location: Beech Island SC,USA Wonder what upcoming i7-8700k says about this?...     airbud7 View Public Profile Find all posts by airbud7   (#8) Agonist Maha Guru     Videocard: R9 Fury Nitro OC Processor: i7 3930k@ 4.1 H100i Mainboard: ASUS P9X79 PRO Memory: HyperX 1866 16GB DDR3 Soundcard: Asus Xonar DXG X-540 5.1 PSU: OCZ Fata1ty 1000w Yesterday, 02:56 | posts: 2,170 | Location: Tennessee Quote: Originally Posted by Corrupt^ Time will tell. If games start to use more then 4 cores then it will become very interesting, if not, it will be more like "meh, they finally caught up though". Honestly I see many games already using 8 threads quite well and see some using all of my 12 threads.     Agonist View Public Profile Find all posts by Agonist   (#9) airbud7 Ancient Guru     Videocard: MSI RX 480 ARMOR 4G OC Processor: i7-2600k (Thanks sykozis) Mainboard: ASRock H61icalf Memory: 8GB G.S DDR3 1600 --TK-- Soundcard: Xonar DX PSU: PC Power&Cooling S61EPS Yesterday, 03:06 | posts: 3,863 | Location: Beech Island SC,USA Quote: Originally Posted by Agonist Honestly I see many games already using 8 threads quite well and see some using all of my 12 threads. So the game runs faster than 7700k?....     airbud7 View Public Profile Find all posts by airbud7   (#10) PrMinisterGR Ancient Guru     Videocard: Sapphire 7970 Quadrobake Processor: Core i7 2600k@4.5GHz Mainboard: Sapphire Pure Black P67 Memory: Corsair Vengeance 16GB Soundcard: ASUS Xonar D2X PSU: EVGA SuperNova 750 G2 Yesterday, 03:28 | posts: 6,262 Quote: Originally Posted by airbud7 Wonder what upcoming i7-8700k says about this?... The six core Cannonlakes are still a while to come, and three months after then the second generation Zen will come out. Also trying to be a bit less of a fanboy of a monopoly, would help your pocket first I guess since Intel CPUs are the bestest in all possible universes, everybody should quit trying and go home. The "article" is an equally opinionated piece of crap, and one of the reasons that people stop having actual technical conversations any more. I sincerely hope nobody took it seriously.     PrMinisterGR View Public Profile Find all posts by PrMinisterGR   (#11) airbud7 Ancient Guru     Videocard: MSI RX 480 ARMOR 4G OC Processor: i7-2600k (Thanks sykozis) Mainboard: ASRock H61icalf Memory: 8GB G.S DDR3 1600 --TK-- Soundcard: Xonar DX PSU: PC Power&Cooling S61EPS Yesterday, 03:58 | posts: 3,863 | Location: Beech Island SC,USA Quote: Originally Posted by PrMinisterGR I guess since Intel CPUs are the bestest in all possible universes, everybody should quit trying and go home. . Intel CPUs are the Best!....If you got the $$$     airbud7 View Public Profile Find all posts by airbud7   (#12) H83 Maha Guru     Videocard: ATI Radeon HD 4850 Processor: Core I5 7600K Mainboard: Asus ROG Strix Z270F Memory: G.Skill DDR4 2800Mhz 16Gb Soundcard: ROG SupremeFX PSU: Corsair RM850i Yesterday, 14:24 | posts: 1,746 | Location: Mars Quote: Originally Posted by PrMinisterGR The six core Cannonlakes are still a while to come, and three months after then the second generation Zen will come out. Also trying to be a bit less of a fanboy of a monopoly, would help your pocket first I guess since Intel CPUs are the bestest in all possible universes, everybody should quit trying and go home. The "article" is an equally opinionated piece of crap, and one of the reasons that people stop having actual technical conversations any more. I sincerely hope nobody took it seriously. Intel´s best answer to Ryzen right now is price cuts but nothing so far... At least directly because there are a couple of small Kaby Lakel "promotions" like receiving Halo Wars 2 when buying a Sklylake/Kaby Lake cpu and some MBs discounts. Don´t know if this is because of Ryzen or because sales are crap right now or a mixture of both. Anyway, we need a strong AMD to put Intel in check so i really hope Ryzen improves so we can have some much needed competition... BTW, regarding Cannonlake, i´ve read there´s a (very) small chance that it will continue to use socket 1151 because it´s still made on the same process node, don´t know if there´s some truth about this but it would be cool if Intel stopped changing sockets just for fun...     H83 View Public Profile Find all posts by H83   (#13) RedSquirrel Newbie   Videocard: Intel Iris 6100 Processor: Intel i5 5157u Mainboard: Memory: Soundcard: PSU: Battery Yesterday, 20:25 | posts: 17 In every consumer-forum space I've noticed the tendency for anything not 'the best' to be somehow compromised, even though it may perform the task required just perfectly, discussion too-quickly moves away from the notion of value for money, enjoyment, to all out willy-waving and fanboyism, which is a hideous affliction and puts you utterly at the mercy of companies for no personal gain. It's quite ludicrous. Looked at objectively, would I pay twice the cash for a small improvement in FPS? No, and it's not a subjective 'what is it worth to you' type question either - Unless the only thing in life that matters to you is gaming - so you're either 13 or a manchild - or you have got real bank, it's a terrible value proposition and not a smart choice. We need to stop looking for ways to knock products, rubbish things, list all the ways in which the only things we can sensibly afford are worse than X, and regain a sense of perspective on spending money and the enjoyment we can get from not the spending of the money, the thrill of the purchase, but on from what we spent it on. Ryzen CPUs are not just for 'poor people', they are shaping up to offer really good value across the entire computing spectrum, something which is no less relevant the more money you have, as you now have that much more money for other things.     RedSquirrel View Public Profile Find all posts by RedSquirrel « Previous Thread | Next Thread » Thread Tools Show Printable Version Display Modes Linear Mode Switch to Hybrid Mode Switch to Threaded Mode Posting Rules You may not post new threads You may not post replies You may not post attachments You may not edit your posts BB code is On Smilies are On [IMG] code is On HTML code is Off Forum Rules Forum Jump User Control Panel Private Messages Subscriptions Who's Online Search Forums Forums Home General Chat     The Guru's Pub     Folding@Home - Join Team Guru3D !     Frontpage news     Digital Photography, Home and Portable Electronics     Tablets and Smart Phones     The HTPC, HDTV & Ultra High Definition section Videocards     Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce     Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce Drivers Section     Videocards - AMD Radeon     Videocards - AMD Radeon Catalyst Drivers Section     Videocards - 3dfx     Videocards vs General Purpose - NVIDIA Ageia PhysX, GPGPU etc.     3D Stereo Gaming Section     Benchmark Mayhem Hardware     General Hardware     Die-hard Overclocking & Case Modifications      Computer Monitor Forum     Soundcards, Speakers HiFI & File formats     SSD and HDD storage     Processors and motherboards AMD     Processors and motherboards Intel     Network questions and troubleshooting     Laptops & Notebooks Affiliates     Rivatuner Generic Discussion forum         RivaTuner Advanced Discussion forum     MSI AfterBurner Overclock Application Discussion forum     MSI AfterBurner Private Beta access     Guru of 3D Clan General     Games, Gaming & Game-demos     Game Tweaks and Modifications     Consoles & console games     Operating Systems     General Software and Applications     Hardware Reviews and News     Programming/Html     Links Powered by vBulletin® Copyright ©2000 - 2017, Jelsoft Enterprises Ltd. vBulletin Skin developed by: vBStyles.com Copyright (c) 1995-2014, All Rights Reserved. The Guru of 3D, the Hardware Guru, and 3D Guru are trademarks owned by Hilbert Hagedoorn. -- Aria -- Dark -- Fast Contact Us - The Guru of 3D - Archive - Privacy Statement - Top
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 April 2017 by Military News ZEISS and ASML Strengthen Partnership for Next Generation of EUV Lithography Due in Early 2020s ASML buys 24.9% of ZEISS subsidiary Carl Zeiss SMT for EUR 1 billion in cash Start of development of entirely new High NA optical system for the future generation of EUV ASML supports Carl Zeiss SMT`s R&D and capex for approximately EUR 760 million over the next 6 years VELDHOVEN, the Netherlands/OBERKOCHEN, Germany – 3 November 2016 – Netherlands-based ASML Holding NV, one of the world’s leading chip industry equipment providers, and Germany-based Carl Zeiss SMT, a business group of Carl Zeiss AG (ZEISS), have agreed to strengthen their long-standing and successful partnership in the semiconductor lithography business. The main objective of this agreement is to facilitate the development of the future generation of Extreme Ultraviolet (EUV) lithography systems due in the first few years of the next decade. This technology will enable the semiconductor industry to produce much higher performance microchips at lower costs. ZEISS and ASML jointly announce today, that they have agreed on a 24.9% minority stake of ASML in ZEISS’s subsidiary Carl Zeiss SMT, for which ASML will pay ZEISS EUR 1 billion in cash. The companies stated that no further exchange of shares is planned or agreed. ASML is a key supplier of semiconductor patterning products and services used by the world`s top producers of microchips. With its high-performance optics Carl Zeiss SMT supplies an essential subsystem of ASML´s semiconductor lithography scanners and is ASML`s most important strategic partner. ASML and Carl Zeiss SMT have been in close partnership for more than 30 years. Both firms have grown strongly over the last decades benefiting from each other`s strengths. A new cycle of investments required for the development of an entirely new optical system for the future generation of EUV, expected to be provided to the chip making industry in the first few years of the next decade, has triggered the partners to take a further step in the collaboration. “In 2018 the first chips made on current technology EUV scanners are expected to roll off the production lines of our customers. A lot of work is still being done to ensure the introduction of EUV in volume manufacturing, in tight conjunction with our highly successful immersion scanners which we continue to improve. Yet ASML and ZEISS are looking beyond this important milestone. We see a long and successful future for EUV lithography in advanced chip manufacturing and with this agreement we set the right conditions for development of the next generation of EUV by ASML and Carl Zeiss SMT, so that our customers can reap the rewards of their EUV investments up to the end of the next decade,” said Peter Wennink, President and Chief Executive Officer of ASML. “With this agreement we clear the road for advanced lithography to support the new concepts and designs for future generations of advanced chips. After the many years of fruitful partnership, we see this agreement as a further strong endorsement of our long term cooperation which allows us to further expand our joint leadership that we have already accomplished together”, says Michael Kaschke, President and CEO of ZEISS. The next generation of EUV optics will offer a higher numerical aperture (NA), making it possible to further reduce critical dimensions in the lithography process. The current EUV systems have an optical system with NA of 0.33 whereas the new optics will have NA larger than 0.5, enabling several generations of geometric chip scaling. In addition to the agreement of the minority interest, the two companies have also agreed that ASML will support Carl Zeiss SMT`s research and development (R&D) for approximately EUR 220 million as well as capital expenditures and other supply chain investments for approximately EUR 540 million over the next 6 years. These investments will predominantly be allocated at Carl Zeiss SMT’s main location in Oberkochen, Germany, and will primarily be used for capacity and resource expansions, with positive effects on long-term employment at this location. Carl Zeiss SMT will remain fully integrated into the structure of the ZEISS Group as one of the major and important business groups. “High-NA is the logical next step for EUV, as it circumvents complex and expensive 0.33 NA EUV multiple patterning. High-NA EUV is a robust way for chips to scale all the way down to the sub-3 nanometer logic node in a single exposure with high productivity and reduced cost per feature. That is several generations from where we are today and underlines our commitment to propel Moore’s law,” said Martin van den Brink, President and Chief Technology Officer at ASML. Carl Zeiss SMT will pay an annual dividend to its shareholders Carl Zeiss AG and ASML. ASML expects that the minority share transaction will be accretive to its earnings before adjustments related to purchase price accounting and differences in accounting standards. Furthermore, ASML`s contribution to Carl Zeiss SMT`s R&D and capital expenditures will be taken into account in the future pricing of SMT`s next generation EUV optics to ASML. The transaction has been approved by both companies’ supervisory boards. ASML will fund the transaction from available cash, potentially supplemented by new debt. The transaction is subject to regulatory clearance and is expected to be closed in the second quarter of 2017. Update ASML Share Buyback Program In light of the investments by ASML announced today, ASML will prolong the pause of its share buy back program for the time being. As a result, the 2016-2017 program may not be completed for the full amount. Otherwise, the current program will remain in place, yet it may be further suspended, modified or discontinued at any time. As part of ASML’s financial policy to return excess cash to shareholders through dividends and regularly timed share buyback programs, ASML in January 2016 announced its intention to purchase up to EUR 1.5 billion of shares to be executed within the 2016-2017 time frame. About Moore`s law The phenomenal growth of the semiconductor industry has been driven by Moore’s Law, named after Intel co-founder Gordon Moore. In 1965, Moore observed that the number of components on a chip that could be manufactured at optimum cost had doubled every year. He predicted that this trend would continue. It was an empirical observation, not a law of nature. In the five decades that followed, the “law” has been rewritten several times, but the principle continues: chip makers cram more transistors on ICs with every new generation, making computing power and storage capacity cheaper year after year. Today’s consumers carry more computing power in their pockets than a multi-million-dollar supercomputer could deliver in the 1970s. Moore’s Law has inspired generations of engineers to push technology forward. About ASML ASML is one of the world’s leading manufacturers of chip-making equipment. Our vision is to enable affordable microelectronics that improve the quality of life. To achieve this, our mission is to invent, develop, manufacture and service advanced technology for high-tech lithography, metrology and software solutions for the semiconductor industry. ASML’s guiding principle is continuing Moore’s Law towards ever smaller, cheaper, more powerful and energy-efficient semiconductors. This results in increasingly powerful and capable electronics that enable the world to progress within a multitude of fields, including healthcare, technology, communications, energy, mobility, and entertainment. We are a multinational company with over 70 locations in 16 countries, headquartered in Veldhoven, the Netherlands. We employ more than 15,500 people on payroll and flexible contracts (expressed in full time equivalents). ASML is traded on Euronext Amsterdam and NASDAQ under the symbol ASML. More information about ASML, our products and technology, and career opportunities is available on www.ASML.com. About ZEISS and Carl Zeiss SMT ZEISS is an internationally leading technology enterprise operating in the optics and optoelectronics industries. The ZEISS Group develops and distributes semiconductor manufacturing equipment, measuring technology, microscopes, medical technology, eyeglass lenses, camera and cine lenses, binoculars and planetarium technology. With its solutions, the company constantly advances the world of optics and helps shape technological progress. ZEISS is divided up into the four segments Semiconductor Manufacturing Technology, Research & Quality Technology, Medical Technology, and Vision Care/Consumer Optics. ZEISS is represented in over 40 countries and operates more than 30 production sites, over 50 sales and service locations and about 25 research and development facilities. In fiscal year 2015/16 the company generated revenue of over EUR 4.8 billion with around 25,000 employees. Founded in 1846 in Jena, the company is headquartered in Oberkochen, Germany. Carl Zeiss AG is the strategic management holding company that manages the ZEISS Group. The company is wholly owned by the Carl Zeiss Stiftung (Carl Zeiss Foundation). Further information at www.zeiss.com Regulated Information This press release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation. Forward Looking Statements This document contains statements relating to certain projections and business trends that are forward-looking, including statements with respect to our outlook, including statements about the partnership between ASML and Carl Zeiss SMT, the transactions between ASML and ZEISS discussed herein, including the expected capex and R&Dother investments by ASML, and expected benefits of these transactions, statements with respect to the planned investments by ASML in Carl Zeiss SMT including allocation and use of these investments and expected benefits,, statements about EUV including expected development of EUV and the expected timing of the next generation of EUV systems, new investments required in optical systems to continue EUV development, expected timing for the first chips to be produced by ASML’s customers using EUV, and expected volume manufacturing using EUV and expected timing thereof and expected long and successful future of EUV lithography and expected future investments in EUV, , that customers can reap the rewards of these EUV investments up to the end of the next decade and that the agreement discussed in this release will clear the road for advanced lithography to support new concepts and designs for future generations of advanced ships, the expected NA and other features of next generation EUV products, statements with respect to Moore’s law and the expectation that this transaction will help fuel the development of Moore’s law, statements with respect to Carl Zeiss SMT, including expected dividends and that the transaction will be accretive to earnings, statements with respect to the relationship between ASML and Carl Zeiss SMT and expected benefits thereof , expected closing of the transaction [and expected funding of the transaction by ASML], and other non-historic statements. You can generally identify these statements by the use of words like “may”, “will”, “could”, “should”, “project”, “believe”, “anticipate”, “expect”, “plan”, “estimate”, “forecast”, “potential”, “intend”, “continue” and variations of these words or comparable words. These statements are not historical facts, but rather are based on current expectations, estimates, assumptions and projections about the business and our future financial results and readers should not place undue reliance on them. Forward-looking statements do not guarantee future performance and involve risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include, without limitation, economic conditions, product demand and semiconductor equipment industry capacity, worldwide demand and manufacturing capacity utilization for semiconductors (the principal product of our customer base), including the impact of general economic conditions on consumer confidence and demand for our customers’ products, competitive products and pricing, the impact of any manufacturing efficiencies and capacity constraints, performance of our systems, the continuing success of technology advances and the related pace of new product development and customer acceptance of EUV, delays in EUV systems production and development, our ability to enforce patents and protect intellectual property rights, the risk of intellectual property litigation, availability of raw materials and critical manufacturing equipment, trade environment, changes in exchange rates, the completion of the acquisition by ASML of the 24.9% stake in Carl Zeiss SMT and the performance of Carl Zeiss SMT including dividends paid in the future by Carl Zeiss SMT, the amount of investments and capex required by Carl Zeiss SMT under the arrangements described herein and the performance of the products produced by Carl Zeiss SMT and other risks indicated in the risk factors included in ASML’s Annual Report on Form 20-F and other filings with the US Securities and Exchange Commission. These forward-looking statements are made only as of the date of this document. We do not undertake to update or revise the forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious ASML Reports Record Full-Year 2016 Net Sales and Net Income – Orders for EUV Lithography Systems Show Strong Customer Commitment for Production Insertion Next PostNext ASML Obtains Regulatory Approvals for Acquisition of HMI Search Recent Posts SW Innovative Holdings, Inc. Details Business Strategy Power Metals Engages Strategic Partner for Optimal Lithium Recovery Technology SW Innovative Holdings, Inc. Details Business Strategy Automotive Ambient Lighting Market Witnessed To Take an Uptick In The Forecast Year 2022 Global Automotive Oil Seals Market 2017 Share, Growth, Key Manufacturers Analysis and Regional Forecast Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Computerworld New Zealand ‘Explainable Artificial Intelligence’: Cracking open the black box of AI News Technology News Business Cloud Computing Data Centre Gaming Dev Government Infrastructure Mobility Networking Open Source Security Servers Social Networking Software Software Development Storage Tech Planet Telecoms Tutorials Unified Comms Virtualisation Tools Blogs Editorial Contacts Events IT Media Releases Join Computerworld Newsletters NBN RSS Slideshows Vendor View Videos Zones Jobs Whitepapers All Whitepapers Business + Management Cloud Computing CRM Data Centre Data Management Disaster Recovery Network Security Storage Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Wireless Other Whitepapers Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. Twitter Facebook ‘Explainable Artificial Intelligence’: Cracking open the black box of AI Researchers and enterprise want to build deep learning neural networks that can explain their actions to humans George Nott (Computerworld) 10 April, 2017 10:15 - - - - print email Comments At a demonstration of Amazon Web Services' new artificial intelligence image recognition tool last week, the deep learning analysis calculated with near certainty that a photo of speaker Glenn Gore depicted a potted plant. “It is very clever, it can do some amazing things but it needs a lot of hand holding still. AI is almost like a toddler. They can do some pretty cool things, sometimes they can cause a fair bit of trouble,” said AWS’ chief architect in his day two keynote at the company’s summit in Sydney. Where the toddler analogy falls short, however, is that a parent can make a reasonable guess as to, say, what led to their child drawing all over the walls, and ask them why. That’s not so easy with AI. Artificial intelligence – in its application of deep learning neural networks, complex algorithms and probabilistic graphical models – has become a ‘black box’ according to a growing number of researchers. And they want an explanation. Opening the black box “You don’t really know why a system made a decision. AI cannot tell you that reason today. It cannot tell you why,” says Aki Ohashi, director of business development at PARC (Palo Alto Research Center). “It’s a black box. It gives you an answer and that’s it, you take it or leave it.” For AI to be confidently rolled out by industry and government, he says, the technologies will require greater transparency, and explain their decision making process to users. “You need to have the system accountable,” he told the AIIA Navigating Digital Government Summit in Canberra on Wednesday. “You can’t blame the technology. They have to be more transparent about the decisions that are made. It’s not just saying – well that’s what the system told me.” PARC has been working with the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, an agency of the U.S. Department of Defense on what is being called Explainable Artificial Intelligence, or XAI. The research is working towards new machine-learning systems that will have the ability to explain their rationale, characterise their strengths and weaknesses, and convey an understanding of how they will behave in the future. Importantly they will also translate models into understandable and useful explanations for end users. In current models nodes arbitrarily decide how they make decisions, in image recognition using miniscule dots or shadows. “They focus on whatever they want. The things they focus on are not things that tend to be intuitive to humans,” Ohashi says. Read more UTS launches AI research centre One way to do change this, being explored by PARC, is to restrict the way nodes in a neural network consider things to ‘concepts’ like colour and shapes and textures. “The AI then starts thinking about things from a perspective which is logically understandable to humans,” Others are working towards the same goal. While “humans are surprisingly good at explaining their decisions,” said researchers at University of California, Berkeley and the Max Planck Institute for Informatics in Germany in a recent paper, deep learning models “frequently remain opaque”. They are seeking to “build deep models that can justify their decisions, something which comes naturally to humans”. Their December paper Attentive Explanations: Justifying Decisions and Pointing to the Evidence, primarily focused on image recognition, makes a significant step towards AI that can provide natural language justifications of decisions and point to the evidence. Smart, dumb or evil? Read more Wanted: AI experts to build the robots that will replace them Being able to explain its decision-making is necessary for AI to be fully embraced and trusted by industry, Ohashi says. You wouldn't put a toddler in charge of business decisions. “If you use AI for financial purposes and it starts building up a portfolio of stocks which are completely against the market. How does a human being evaluate whether it’s something that made sense and the AI is really really smart or if it’s actually making a mistake?” Ohashi says. There have been some early moves into XAI among enterprises. In December Capital One Financial Corp told the Wall Street Journal that it was employing in-house experts to study ‘explainable AI’ as a means of guarding against potential ethical and regulatory breaches. UK start-up Weave, which is now focused on XAI solutions has been the target of takeover talks in Silicon Valley, reports the Financial Times. Page 1 2 next Join the Computerworld New Zealand newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags amazonAWSdeep neural networksXAIdeep learningDARPAPARCDepartment of Defensemachine learningartificial intelligenceintelexplainable artificial intelligence More about AdvancedAmazon Web ServicesAWSCapital OneCapital One FinancialDefense Advanced Research Projects AgencyIntelSmartWall Street Editor's Recommendations Spark launches cloud contact centre on AWS Study finds fibre to schools lifts student performance Vertiv helps Xtreme Networks keep its cool Genesis Energy migrates IT to Spark cloud Kordia aims for one million Sigfox IoT connections Telcos call for copper cut-off code Related Whitepapers Detecting a Phising Email Anatomy of a Hack Disrupted PCI: It’s Not Just for Card Companies Anymore Accelerate Your Glide Path to AWS Cloud Migration Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next UEFI flaws can be exploited to install highly persistent ransomware Microsoft launches Windows 10 beta program for business users Identifying the three steps of DDoS mitigation CSO Online In pictures: The 2016 Hi-Tech Awards 'The Oscars of NZ's ICT industry' IN PICTURES: Kiwi student innovators unite as Microsoft Imagine Cup 2016 hits ... UpGuard names Nextgen as NZ distie Editorial Contacts Advertising Information Privacy Policy RSS Newsletters Events Whitepapers News Zones IT Media Releases Slideshows Videos Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World New Zealand | CIO New Zealand | Reseller News []
News Deals Apps & Games Reviews Cell Phone Plans The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Galaxy S8 Android O LG G6 Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: Must read: top 10 Android stories Newsby Jimmy Westenberg15 hours ago 506 12 This week we went hands-on with the Honor 8 Pro, talked about our experiences with the first Android O Developer Preview, and a whole lot more. Here’s the news of the week! Who wants to win an LG G6? The LG G6 is one of the hottest phones out there right now. Here’s how you can win one! 10 Android stories we handpicked for you How stable is the first Android O Developer Preview? Google says the first Android O Dev Preview is meant only for developers. But just how stable is it? Here are our experiences so far. Honor 8 Pro hands-on We go hands on with the Honor 8 Pro which has just been announced in the UK and Europe, following its arrival in China under the name the Honor V9. Android photo recovery: is it possible? – Gary explains You have deleted a photo by mistake and you don’t have a backup. Is it possible to recover lost photos on Android? Why do OEMs keep reinventing the UI wheel? Android manufacturers continue to tweak and change their UI designs each year, but is this lack of consistency causing problems for users? TL;DR: Huawei P10 vs P10 Plus vs Honor 8 Pro We take a closer look at the major differences between the Huawei P10, P10 Plus, and Honor 8 Pro to help you decide which is best for you. Top five old phones that are still worth owning Modern flagships are pretty sophisticated machines, but there are old phones that are still worth picking up or keeping hold of. Here’s a list of the top 5. We need to rethink what a ‘big’ smartphone is If the LG G6 and Galaxy S8 have taught me anything, it’s that it’s about time we recalibrated what we mean when we say a smartphone is “big”. Who pays the most for their smartphones? We have compared global smartphone launch prices around the world to see who is paying the most for their flagship and mid-range handsets. Who will be the first manufacturer to 7nm? Samsung, TSMC, Intel, and others are racing to be the first to produce 7nm processors for next-gen products, but who is the closest and far away are we? #ThrowbackThursday – when Samsung ditched plastic Remember when Samsung seriously changed its design in order to shake things up and improve its reputation? Travel with us back to 2015, and the dawn of the Galaxy S6. Don’t miss these videos Watch more Android videos on our YouTube channel. More hot news The LG G6 is now available at all four major carriers in the US YouTube TV officially launches in five US cities for $35 a month OnePlus 3 and 3T touch latency problem fixed, says Carl Pei The next Call of Duty game will come from the makers of Candy Crush Saga Android version distribution: Nougat now on almost 5% of devices Galaxy S8 has the best smartphone display yet, according to DisplayMate LG on track to post second-highest operating profit in history Samsung predicting second-highest operating profits ever for Q1 2017 Samsung ordered to pay Huawei $11 million over patent infringement You can remap the Bixby button to Google Assistant on the Galaxy S8 LeEco reportedly couldn’t pay its US employees on time last month The first Huawei Watch actually has NFC, it’s just not switched on Samsung to focus on mobile and VR cameras, ditch digital cameras entirely Comcast reveals first details on its Xfinity Mobile wireless service The next Google Home speaker might add mesh Wi-Fi router capabilities Huge HTC U ‘Ocean’ specs and features leak reveals major device details Samsung’s Android alternative is a security disaster, says researcher Android 7.1.2 changelog includes battery usage alerts, connectivity improvements Get the Galaxy S8 launcher on your Galaxy S7 or S7 Edge (Nougat) From our network Sonos PLAYBASE review [SoundGuys.com] The Mac Pro is finally getting a hardware refresh, all-new version coming in 2018 [TabTimes.com] Subpac M2 hands-on: does it really take VR audio to the next level? [VRSource.com] Best racing drones – the need for aerial speed [Charged.io] Join our newsletters! Subscribe to our weekly newsletter Android Weekly Apps Weekly Developers Weekly Breaking News Alerts Top Stories of the day Review Alerts Deal Alerts News Jimmy Westenberg Lover of all things Android, Star Wars, dogs, coffee and music. Leave a comment The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Drones charged   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2017 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   LG G6 International Giveaway! 21 hours ago29 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy Your source for all things Android! About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
Monday, April 10, 2017  |  Rajab 13, 1438 Arts & life Things to do today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Sign In Edit Profile Sign Out UAE World Business Sport Arts & Life Opinion Blogs Film Art Books Music On Stage Television Food Fashion Travel Well Being Family Home & Garden Motoring Comment-A&L The Blue Man Group on stage. Courtesy Yak Events In conversation with the Blue Man Group ahead of their Middle East debut Afshan Ahmed Follow @afsh_ahmed April 9, 2017 Updated: April 9, 2017 03:55 PM Related Filipino ‘Disney princess’ Lea Salonga to debut at Dubai Opera in September Dubai and BBC Proms strike a chord for the globalisation of classical music Review: Dubai Opera marks six months with an impressively emotive Madama Butterfly West Side Story stars visit Van Cleef & Arpels in Dubai Dubai Opera is for everyone Related Filipino ‘Disney princess’ Lea Salonga to debut at Dubai Opera in September Dubai and BBC Proms strike a chord for the globalisation of classical music Review: Dubai Opera marks six months with an impressively emotive Madama Butterfly West Side Story stars visit Van Cleef & Arpels in Dubai Topics: Venues The first thing most people ask when they meet the performers of the Blue Man Group is "why are you blue?". "We get asked that a lot," says ­Meridian, the captain of the Blue Man Group trio that will bring, in equal parts, pantomime, circus, art and a musical concert to the stage in the UAE from tomorrow. The characters are bald and their exposed skin is ­covered in blue, latex paint. "Probably the most honest answer is that it is one of those things born out of a creative impulse of the founding members one day, where they went, ‘Let’s paint ourselves blue’," Meridian says of Chris Wink, Matt Goldman and Phil Stanton, the friends who conceived the show in New York in 1988. "But I think what we have found over the years is the colour blue just has a universal appeal. The sky is blue, the ocean is blue. It’s a colour that is very easy to connect with, and even though we seem kind of strange, during the course of the show the Blue Man becomes endearing. The colour definitely draws people to the character." The Blue Man variety show, which is a fixture in New York, Las Vegas, Boston and Berlin, is making its Middle East debut with this version. It runs at Dubai Opera until Saturday, and at Abu Dhabi’s du Forum from April 18 to 22. "The show is an exciting and energetic celebration of life and things that are most wonderful about being human – our curiosity, joy, our desire to connect and creativity," says Meridian, who only goes by his stage name. The show features the three men in blue on stage, along with a four-piece band – drummer, percussionist and two string players – plus performers on some unique instruments, including a chapman stick (a combination of a guitar and bass guitar), a washboard and a Shredmill, an electro-­mechanical sequencer used to create rhythmic drum beats. The performers do not speak. "At first, it took some getting used to, especially having joined the company right after being a voice actor," says Meridian, who has a background in classical piano and stage acting. "But what we find is that not ­speaking kind of opens us up to a more universal form of connection – people can follow the story whatever language they speak. The things we are communicating are simpler than words, but deeper that words." The show keeps up with the times by adding routines that resonate with a younger audience. "It goes back to constantly being curious," says Meridian. "So as the world changes and evolves, so does the company. The interesting thing is people might not have thought about something in a certain way or take some things for granted. We take those things and make them extraordinary." One of their current sequences ­involves smartphones and tablets. "We do some really fun things with those," says Meridian. "We make giant ones, taller than a person. Smartphones weren’t a thing when Blue Man ­started – they very much are now." There is also a routine in which they make music out of breakfast ­cereal. The founders, he says, ­continue to steer the creative ship of the troupe. "It’s quite striking how they continue to be curious and how excited they get about new ideas and things in the present culture," Says Meridian. "Even now, they take that and put their spin on them." Meridian joined the company 12 years ago after an audition process that lasted several weeks. "The experience of joining the group is different for different people," he says. "I had never played percussion before, so I had to learn that when I joined. For others, they have a musical ­background, so they only had to learn acting instead." Meridian had one advantage over the others – even before joining the group, he preferred to be bald. "Most of the other Blue Man ­performers don’t," he says. "So we wear a bald cap over our ears to create the look of the character." It takes the actors 30 minutes to put on the paint and close to an hour to ­remove it after a show. "Our pre-show preparation doesn’t happen all at once," he says. "About an hour before the curtains go up, we get together on stage with the band and stage manager and play some music, joke around to get our energy up. "If we have good chemistry among ourselves, it becomes easier to connect with the audience. Then we get dressing, glue on the bald cap and put in the in-ear monitors to be able to hear the band’s music and cues. "Then we have a ‘circle meeting’ where everyone involved with the show just spends time discussing what’s happening around the world. And then, finally, we put the blue make-up on and the costume." The actor says audience interaction is key to the performance. "We all go out into the audience and bring some of them up to the stage with us," he says. "Obviously, no one is ever going to have to do anything they don’t want to do – it is very gentle. The character is about befriending the audience, so were ­never trying to make fun of anyone or put them down. "You might at first think: ‘what is this, what is happening here?’ – but at the end of the show every night, ­everyone is on their feet dancing." The Blue Man Group in popular culture Tiny Desk Concert The Blue Man Group teamed up with the National Public Radio (NPR) in the United States last year for their Tiny Desk Concert series, in which they converted a desk at the station into their musical playground, using instruments including the Chapman Stick and the ShredMill. Advertisements They have featured regularly in computer company Intel’s adverts since the early 2000s. The three blue bald men were first seen in wacky, slapstick scenarios promoting the Pentium III. TV show The group was referenced by, and made a guest appearance in, the US TV comedy Arrested Development. One of the comedy’s unhinged characters, Tobias, paints himself blue and tries to audition for the group – but does not hear back from them. Talk show The Blue Man group’s most recent talk-show appearance was on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon last week. The host played his popular game Phone Booth with actor Dwayne "The Rock"﻿ Johnson, during which members of the group were stuffed into a phone booth with Fallon. Music The group has created several experimental rock-music albums, including Audio, Complex and, more recently, The Three. They have also made music videos for some of their popular songs, including I Feel Love and The Current. • The Blue Man Group is at Dubai Opera from Tuesday (April 11) until Saturday (April 15), and at the du Forum, Abu Dhabi from April 18 to 22. Tickets Dh195 on www.dubaiopera.com and www.platinumlist.net aahmed@thenational.ae Pages: Add your comment View all comments More Music Holly to Bolly: Tom Cruise films ‘Mission: Impossible’ in Paris, Mel B’s make-up artist covered her bruises for years, and more In conversation with the Blue Man Group ahead of their Middle East debut ‘Everything I do has a socially conscious perspective’, says rapper Young Paris New Order make a comeback with stunning Dubai show MOST VIEWED Arts & life | All Madeleine Albright leads list of award recipients announced for the Culture Summit Abu Dhabi 2017 In conversation with the Blue Man Group ahead of their Middle East debut US model Bella Hadid says she’s ‘proud to be Muslim’ Best of Middle East Film and Comic Con 2017 in Dubai – in pictures K-fest 2017: Actor Kang Ha-Neul on playing a Korean cultural icon Top 10 men’s watches from Baselworld 2017 Pick your favourite timepiece from the 2017 Baselworld watch fair High hopes for region’s talents at Abu Dhabi casting call for Aladdin remake Inside view: aboard Breitling’s World Tour airplane in Dubai 10 things to do today: See Cutie and the Boxer presented by Cinema Space, celebrate the Thai New Year, and more More Most Viewed UAE public and private sector Israa wal Miraj holidays announced Emirati family’s grief at death of daughter, 4, in Dubai house fire Iran's agitation in the Gulf hides defeat at home Mother dies and children injured in Sharjah crash Soft economic sentiment a drag on Abu Dhabi property sales The changing face of Dubai International Airport, over 50 years - in pictures Thief caught after leaving gold-filled shoes at Dubai airport FNC to call for limits on rises in school fees Hunt is on for $200m lost in UAE investment scam Doctors want licences revoked for medically unfit drivers in UAE More Most Viewed Back to the top EDITOR'S PICKS Pick your favourite timepiece from the 2017 Baselworld watch fair VIDEO: exclusive DIY make-up tutorial by Tarte Cosmetics make-up artist Leigh McIlravy Griffin Best of Middle East Film and Comic Con 2017 in Dubai – in pictures Inside view: aboard Breitling’s World Tour airplane in Dubai FOLLOW US Tweets by @LifeNationalUAE SPOTLIGHT Start-up generation rises in the UAE Executive travel: Two lounges and a comfy seat on Etihad’s business-class flight to San Francisco Switch to Mobile Site About us Contact us Work with us Privacy policy Terms and conditions Advertise with us Subscribe Sitemap super.ae alittihad.ae thenational.ae anazahra.com ngalarabiya.com adtv.ae adradio.ae admedia.ae
EN Facebook Twitter Youtube RSS Home News Politics Economy Finance Companies Markets World Market Indexes Explosions at two Coptic churches drive EGX to go down Bombings at Egyptian Coptic churches on Palm Sunday kill 43 KI Angel fund to invest EGP 10mn IDB allocates EGP 100mn for drinking water supply in Alexandria Minister of Communications discusses ICT investment opportunities in Dubai Industrial zones in Sohag are developed in cooperation with WB, minister Iveco targets selling 250 trucks by the end of the year, senior official Transport Ministry pumps EGP 20bn investments in 2017/2018, minister Misr Life Insurance to boost paid-up capital to EGP 1.5bn Pyramisa to construct touristic resort at EGP 500mn General Company For Land Reclamation,Development & Reconstru 24.28 0.08 % International Company For Fertilizers & Chemicals 3.25 4.13 % Sinai Cement 32 -2.73 % Arab Cotton Ginning 3.78 0.26 % Lecico Egypt 9.85 -8.24 % Egypt for Poultry 2.56 0 % Misr Duty Free Shops 3.79 -1.88 % Alexandria Containers and goods 230.1 0.2 % UTOPIA 7.52 -4.88 % Abu Dhabi Islamic Bank- Egypt 8.05 2.19 % Arab Moltaka Investments Co 28.18 0.42 % Alexandria Pharmaceuticals 52.1 -0.19 % Advanced Pharmaceutical Packaging Co. (APP) 10.07 -0.3 % Egyptian Arabian (cmar) Securities Brokerage EAC 1.45 1.36 % Canal Shipping Agencies 8.42 -0.12 % Egyptians Abroad for Investment & Development 5.62 1.23 % Sues Canal Company For Technology Settling 13.11 0.3 % Natural Gas & Mining Project (Egypt Gas) 47.1 1.36 % Middle Egypt Flour Mills 18.14 1.41 % ARAB POLVARA SPINNING & WEAVING CO. 2.67 0.74 % Elsaeed Contracting& Real Estate Investment Company SCCD 1.51 -0.67 % Rowad Tourism (Al Rowad) 7.18 -1.13 % GB AUTO 33.7 0.59 % Union National Bank - Egypt " UNB-E 5.1 -0.79 % Rubex Plastics 8.98 -3.22 % International Co For Investment & Development 10.8 1.73 % Egyptian Gulf Bank 1.28 0 % Ceramic & Porcelain 5.51 0 % Egyptian Financial & Industrial 9.35 0.64 % Oriental Weavers 12.11 -0.33 % Housing & Development Bank 26.5 1.12 % Medinet Nasr Housing 35.91 0.69 % Egyptian International Pharmaceuticals (EIPICO) 84.99 -3.33 % Egyptian Iron & Steel 7.09 -0.42 % General Silos & Storage 29.01 0.68 % Acrow Misr 27.95 0.18 % El Nasr Clothes & Textiles (Kabo) 0.83 1.19 % Egyptian Kuwaiti Holding 0.66 0 % Abou Kir Fertilizers 158.4 -3.16 % National Cement 11.45 1.29 % United Arab Shipping 1.08 -0.93 % Glaxo Smith Kline 11.71 2.42 % Torah Cement 17.2 2.82 % Barbary Investment Group ( BIG) 1.07 0 % Marsa Marsa Alam For Tourism Development 2.48 1.2 % International Business Corporation For Trading and Agencies 5.25 1.87 % Vertika 3.37 0 % First Investment Company And Real Estate Development 1.78 -4.09 % Industrial & Engineering Projects 10.85 3.12 % Engineering Industries (ICON) 6.76 -0.6 % Global Telecom Holding 3.94 -0.25 % Al Arafa For Investment And Consultancies 0.17 0 % Six of October Development & Investment (SODIC) 14.42 0.21 % Alexandria Cement 9.58 2.04 % Heliopolis Housing 67.9 0.73 % Amer Group Holding 1.14 -0.88 % Misr Cement (Qena) 81.5 -0.62 % Egyptian Media Production City 3.66 1.08 % National Real Estate Bank for Development 17.53 0.11 % Citadel Capital - Common Shares 2.93 -0.34 % Arab Real Estate Investment CO.-ALICO 1.01 0.98 % Delta For Printing & Packaging 15.35 0.26 % Medical Packaging Company 0.96 -1.05 % El Shams Housing & Urbanization 4.88 1.01 % Arab Valves Company 1.32 1.49 % Telecom Egypt 11.5 -1.32 % El Ahram Co. For Printing And Packing 13.95 1.48 % Suez Canal Bank 5.61 3.44 % Port Saied for Agricultural Development and Construction 1.63 -5.16 % El Ahli Investment and Development 9.52 2.86 % Egyptian for Tourism Resorts 1.24 0.8 % Middle & West Delta Flour Mills 45.26 1.61 % Egyptian International Tourism Projects 46.99 0 % Alexandria New Medical Center 22.12 3.24 % El Obour Real Estate Investment 4.82 1.83 % Alexandria Flour Mills 18.6 1.33 % Saudi Egyptian Investment & Finance 69 -1.47 % Upper Egypt Flour Mills 70.51 -0.01 % Remco for Touristic Villages Construction 2.42 -0.83 % Al Bader Plastic 1.23 6.11 % Palm Hills Development Company 4.13 -0.73 % T M G Holding 11.5 -0.52 % Ismailia Development and Real Estate Co 5.95 -0.85 % Cairo Development and Investment 39.49 0 % El Wadi Co. For Touristic Investement 14.99 -0.27 % Atlas For Land Reclamation and Agricultural Proccssing 19.2 0.1 % Sabaa International Company for Pharmaceutical and Chemical 5.22 -1.95 % EGX 30 INDEX ETF 10.25 0.97 % Orascom Construction Limited 110.45 0 % Cairo Oils & Soap 9.15 0.54 % Samad Misr -EGYFERT 4.66 0.43 % El Kahera Housing 9.72 2.51 % Orascom Hotels And Development 13.26 0.23 % Marseille Almasreia Alkhalegeya For Holding Investment 2.1 0 % EL Ezz Aldekhela Steel - Alexandria 485 0.41 % Arab Aluminum 16.92 1.91 % Egyptian Financial Group-Hermes Holding Company 17.2 0.64 % El Kahera El Watania Investment 5.31 6.02 % El Nasr For Manufacturing Agricultural Crops 13.58 0.15 % Juhayna Food Industries 9.6 2.04 % South Cairo & Giza Mills & Bakeries 15 -3.38 % Sidi Kerir Petrochemicals 15.39 -0.92 % Egyptians Housing Development & Reconstruction 6.4 -0.79 % Nozha International Hospital 30 -1.66 % Pyramisa Hotels 28.01 3.41 % Extracted Oils 0.98 1.01 % Raya Holding For Technology And Communications 6.25 -0.81 % Souhag National Food Industries 29.01 4.92 % The Holding Company for Financial Investments (Lakah Group) 0.72 -1.41 % Wadi Kom Ombo Land Reclamation 23.01 0.09 % Egyptian Chemical Industries (Kima) 5.24 0 % Zahraa Maadi Investment & Development 25.05 1.76 % East Delta Flour Mills 39.17 1.14 % Export Development Bank of Egypt (EDBE) 9.61 -0.1 % Egyptian Real Estate Group 9.12 0.22 % Minapharm Pharmaceuticals 36.7 0.14 % Belton Financial Holding 10.35 -0.19 % Egyptians For Investment & Urban Development 3.01 0.33 % El Ezz Porcelain (Gemma) 7.65 1.29 % TransOceans Tours 0.1 0 % Mohandes Insurance 14.42 1.23 % International Agricultural Products 2.74 1.44 % Orascom Development Holding (AG) 6.09 0.49 % Sharkia National Food 5.05 1.17 % Grand Investment Capital 6 0.83 % Giza General Contracting 5.26 -0.57 % Mena Touristic & Real Estate Investment 1.63 0.61 % Alexandria Spinning & Weaving (SPINALEX) 1.01 0 % Naeem Holding 0.49 2 % Ismailia Misr Poultry 2.48 0.8 % Orascom Telecom Media And Technology Holding 1.24 0 % North Cairo Mills 23.76 -0.04 % Suez Cement 41.01 2.36 % Credit Agricole Egypt 21.31 -1 % AJWA for Food Industries company Egypt 3.29 -0.3 % Delta Insurance 7.2 0 % Egyptian for Developing Building Materials 10.9 0 % Delta Construction & Rebuilding 6.85 3.52 % Universal For Paper and Packaging Materials (Unipack 7.4 -1.37 % Faisal Islamic Bank of Egypt - In EGP 42.44 -1.02 % Pioneers Holding 12.14 -0.17 % National Housing for Professional Syndicates 13.71 0 % GMC GROUP FOR INDUSTRIAL COMMERCIAL & FINANCIAL INVESTMENTS 1.99 0.5 % Al Baraka Bank Egypt 11.25 1.32 % Misr Chemical Industries 5.5 4.35 % Alexandria Mineral Oils Company 55.25 0.47 % United Housing & Development 15 0.33 % Electro Cable Egypt 1.15 -0.88 % Ezz Steel 16.31 1.45 % National company for maize products 23.64 -2.29 % Mansourah Poultry 21.9 2.58 % Prime Holding 4.12 0 % Misr Beni Suef Cement 41.03 -1.31 % Asek Company for Mining - Ascom 9.11 1.3 % Eastern Tobacco 229 -0.44 % Egypt Aluminum 16.25 -4.84 % Northern Upper Egypt Development & Agricultural Production 8.1 0.98 % Arabia Investments,Development,Fin. Inv. Holding Comp.-Cash 1.81 -0.56 % Gharbia Islamic Housing Development 6 0.5 % South Valley Cement 7 -0.43 % Egyptian Transport (EGYTRANS) 5.75 0 % Maridive & oil services 0.53 0 % Delta Sugar 15.58 4.12 % ELSWEDY ELECTRIC 47 -1.08 % Sharm Dreams Co. for Tourism Investment 9 0 % Egyptian Company for Mobile Services (MobiNil) 141.58 0.26 % Commercial International Bank (Egypt) 56.5 -0.18 % Univert Food Industries 1.11 -1.83 % Al Moasher for Programming and Information Dissemination 0.7 2.78 % North Africa Co. for Real Estate Investment 1.97 0.51 % Nile Pharmaceuticals 12.01 -0.08 % Modern Company for water proofing (Bitumode) 1.02 4.67 % Arabian Cement Company 17.5 -0.86 % Modern Shorouk Printing & Packaging 11.6 7.2 % The Egyptian Modern Education Systems 13 -0.78 % International company For Medical Industries -ICMI 2.67 -1.52 % Golden Coast Company 21.61 1.77 % Al Fanar Contracting Construction Trade Import And Export Co 3.82 0 % International Dry Ice Company- Difco 2 1.62 -0.62 % Arab Development & Real Estate Investment 2.22 -4.72 % Markets KI Angel fund to invest EGP 10mn Sunday 09 April 2017 02:22 PM Khaled Ismail By Mona Abdel Bary: Venture capital fund for investment, KI Angel, aims to pump new investments of EGP 10mn in the local market during the current year, according to founder and CEO Khaled Ismail. He told Al Mal newspaper that the fund is exploring injecting these investments in 3 new small businesses and expanding 3 existing firms. Ismail said that there are ongoing negotiations to boost the fund’s capital to EGP 100mn by the end of 2018 through contributions by businessmen, Arab and Egyptian investors, adding the fund is currently valued at EGP 20mn. Since 2012, KI Angel has been operating in the domestic market. The fund has already pumped investments of EGP 19mn in 12 firms operating in various sectors including health, recycling, service and IT, according to Ismail. He pointed out that his company focuses on small-scale firms that need financing for development given limited access to financing for these businesses. The KI Angel fund was created in 2011 by Ismail after he sold his company SySDSoft for wireless communications and technology services to Intel. The KI Angel fund is seen as a non-profit fund, whereby its revenues and capital are completely allocated for investing in creative and innovative start-ups. فيسبوك تويتر يوتيوب Almal - News Explosions at two Coptic churches drive EGX to go down Bombings at Egyptian Coptic churches on Palm Sunday kill 43 KI Angel fund to invest EGP 10mn IDB allocates EGP 100mn for drinking water supply in Alexandria Minister of Communications discusses ICT investment opportunities in Dubai Industrial zones in Sohag are developed in cooperation with WB, minister Iveco targets selling 250 trucks by the end of the year, senior official Transport Ministry pumps EGP 20bn investments in 2017/2018, minister Misr Life Insurance to boost paid-up capital to EGP 1.5bn Pyramisa to construct touristic resort at EGP 500mn Vodafone, Orange to lease space on their networks to Telecom Egypt Japanese gov't asking firms to invest in Toshiba's chip unit Russia's Lavrov and U.S. Tillerson spoke by phone about situation in Syria EGX30 to rally to 13500 points on the success of MMG's IPO: analyst No place for smaller-sized pharmaceuticals in the future: expert Site map Latest News Stock Index Politics Economy Finance Companies Markets World News Letter join to news letter to recieve new offers search Follow us Design & Developed  ikdynamics.com Almal - Contact us Almal News 2013 - ©Copyrights Reserved
MSPU Windows Phone Windows 10 Surface Xbox Enterprise Tip us Settings Text Input: Windows 10 Windows Phone Surface Xbox Enterprise Settings Tip us Forum Text Input: Microsoft’s Surface Pro 5 gets the China Compulsory Certificate 2 by Mehedi Hassan  @mehedih_ Apr 9, 2017 at 10:56 GMT20 hours ago Microsoft is expected to announce new Surface devices sometime soon. The company was initially expected to announce its new Surface products at an event this month, but it still isn’t clear when or if that event is actually happening. Microsoft is expected to introduce the new Surface Pro 5 and Surface Book 2 sometime soon, but it was recently reported that the Surface Pro 5 and Book 2 might not even be announced at the Spring/April event. Interestingly enough, the Surface Pro 5 has recently received the China Compulsory Certificate (CCC). As you can see in the screenshot below, the Surface Pro 5 from Microsoft passed the CCC on April 5th (the text in the image might be unclear, click on the image to get a better view): The CCC, for those wondering, is a “compulsory safety mark for many products imported, sold or used in the Chinese market.” The certification obviously doesn’t give us many details about the Surface Pro 5 at all, apart from the power usage related specs — but it does indicate that Microsoft might be pretty close to announcing the Surface Pro 5. Redmond may announce the device sometime later this month, but it’s possible the company will instead launch it at Build 2017 next month. That’s mainly because the Surface Pro 5 isn’t expected to be a major upgrade over the Surface Pro 4. According to a recent report, the Surface Pro 5 would mainly be a spec refresh and the device will possibly sport a new CPU (Intel’s Kaby Lake) and maybe an improved display. Microsoft holding an event for such a minor upgrade is unlikely at this point, but the company’s Surface team might still have some surprises for us just like they did for the Surface Book and the Surface  Studio. We shall see, soon. Huge thanks to Hyken Wong for the tip! Some links in the article may not be viewable as you are using an AdBlocker. Please add us to your whitelist to enable the website to function properly. Related Build Build 2017 CC CCC China Compulsory Certificate microsoft Surface Surface Book 2 surface pro surface pro 4 Surface Pro 5 Surface Spring Event Tweet Share 0 Read these next Trending Harman Kardon’s Cortana-powered speaker is called the Invoke, will also feature Skype integration by Mehedi Hassan 0 Trending Early look: Here’s how the setup experience for Microsoft’s Amazon Echo competitors will work on W... by Mehedi Hassan 0 Comments Advertisement MSPoweruser Podcast MSPoweruser Podcast 42: Windows 10 Creators Update rollout, Project Scorpio and Microsoft’s mobile ... by Andrew Bennett on April 7, 2017 With the Creators Update becoming available through the Update Assistant, there are a few things of note before the official rollout begins next week. Additionally, Vernon and Andrew share t... Subscribe Now Windows 10 Windows theming app UxStyle can lead to crashes when installling Windows 10 Creators Update by Surur on April 9, 2017 Theming app UxStyle, which allows users to install 3rd party unsigned themes on Windows, is reportedly causing crashes when installing Windows 10 Creators update. Softpedia reports that user... ForzaTech runs at 4K 60 FPS on Project Scorpio with ultra Forza Motorsport 6: Ap... by Asher Madan Last Thursday, Digital Foundry revealed the specifications of Project Scorpio and described how ForzaTech is already running at 4K 60 FPS on the console. Today however, the outlet provided f... How to configure privacy settings in the Windows 10 Creators Update by Michael Allison Windows 10 has gotten a bit of flack lately for its privacy issues – and while it is a bit overblown in some regards, there are valid concerns by users regarding Cortana and an increas... Here are the new security features in the Windows 10 Creators Update by Pradeep With Windows 10 Creators Update, Microsoft is introducing a centralized portal called the Windows Security Center which will help IT admins to easily monitor, track and act on security event... Microsoft’s Surface Pro 5 gets the China Compulsory Certificate by Mehedi Hassan Microsoft is expected to announce new Surface devices sometime soon. The company was initially expected to announce its new Surface products at an event this month, but it still isn’t ... Deals Deals Deal: Save $200 on the entry-level Surface Book from Microsoft Store Microsoft Store is now offering $200 discount on the entry-level Surface Book device. Surface Book Intel Core i5/8GB RAM/128GB device (non-GPU) model is now available for $1299. This offer w... Deal: ‘Final Fantasy XV’ on Xbox One for only $32.52 You can now get the ‘Final Fantasy XV’ game for Xbox One for just $32 from Amazon US, $27 off of it’s retail price of $59.99. As the Crown Prince Noctis and his three best... Deal: Pick up ‘Gears of War 4’ Standard Edition for $29.99 Online retailer Amazon is now selling ‘Gears of War 4: Standard Edition’ for Xbox One for only $29.99, discounted from its normal price of $59.99. The title is an Xbox Play Anyw... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core i5 and 256GB storage for $999 Microsoft Store is now offering a discount of $200 for the mid-range Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core i5, 256GB SSD and 8GB RA... Deal: Forza Horizon 3 for Xbox One/Windows 10 now available for just $39.99 You can now get the Forza Horizon 3 game for Xbox One/Windows 10 for just $39.99. Xbox Play Anywhere applies to digital games and allows you to play on both Xbox One and Windows 10 PC at no ... Buy the Walking Dead: Season 7, get free game episodes For a limited tinme, when you buy Season 7 of the Walking Dead TV series from the Microsoft Store, you can nab ‘The Walking Dead:A New Frontier’ game Episodes 1 and 2 for Windows... Deal: Save up to £345 on select Surface Book and Surface Pro 4 devices in the U... Microsoft Store is now offering up to £345 on select Surface Book and Surface Pro 4 devices in the UK. You can get £345 discount on the entry-level Surface Book model. Surface Book Intel C... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core m3 and 128GB storage for $699 Microsoft Store is now offering a discount of $100 for the entry level Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core m3, 128GB SSD and 4GB ... Destruction Derby title ‘FlatOut 4’ now available for download on Xb... Bigben Interactive has finally released the follow up to the Xbox 360’s ‘FlatOut: Ultimate Carnage’, and the first of many destruction racers to arrive on the console. ‘F... Deal: ‘Final Fantasy XV’ on Xbox One for only $34.99 You can now get the ‘Final Fantasy XV’ game for Xbox One for just $34.99 from Amazon US. As the Crown Prince Noctis and his three best friends set out on a journey to wed his fia... Forums About Us Contact Us Tip Us Submit Articles Community Guidelines Privacy Policy © 2017 MSPoweruser - All rights reservedNot associated with Microsoft   Top
  Guru3D.com Forums > Hardware > Processors and motherboards Intel Decisions, Decisions: Mobo/CPU Upgrade? User Name Remember Me? Password Processors and motherboards Intel Is that Core i7 or X99 chipset giving you a hard time? Enter this forum, this is all about Intel baby. Search Forums Show Threads   Show Posts Advanced Search Tag Search Go to Page...   Thread Tools Display Modes Decisions, Decisions: Mobo/CPU Upgrade?   (#1) Rugburn Member Guru   Videocard: 2x EVGA GTX1080 Ti FE Processor: Core i7 3930K@4.4GHz Mainboard: Asus Rampage IV Extreme Memory: Corsair Dominator GT 16GB Soundcard: Sound Blaster Zx PSU: Corsair AX1200 Decisions, Decisions: Mobo/CPU Upgrade? - Yesterday, 00:14 | posts: 125 | Location: Blackhawk, CA PC is for work and play. So if I decide to upgrade, I'm going x99. Just to give you a general direction where I'm going gaming wise, I'll eventually be upgrading my monitor to the Asus PG27UQ 4k 144Hz once released. Some general info: Just upgraded From Win 7 Pro Was using 2x GTX 780 Ti's Mobo: Rampage IV Extreme CPU: Core i7 3930k @4.4GHz The 3930k seemed to be a perfect cpu for my old 780 Ti's. Being that I'm moving up to 4k, would it be wise to upgrade my mobo and cpu? With my 2x 1080 Ti's, I'm sure I have the GPU horsepower, but I just worry my Mobo/Cpu combo could hold them back.. Also note that the 3930k sandy bridge are native pcie 2.0, not 3.0.. Could my mobo/cpu keep me going until Intel releases its next enthusiast class chipset (i.e. the x299)? I can pull the trigger at anytime for a new mobo/cpu/memory..     Rugburn View Public Profile Find all posts by Rugburn     (#2) lexer98 Master Guru     Videocard: GTX 1070 - WC Processor: 4790k@4.5Ghz - WC Mainboard: ASUS Z97-A Memory: Corsair 16Gb - 2400mhz Soundcard: Native Instrument Audio 2 PSU: Seasonic M12 750W Yesterday, 01:23 | posts: 574 | Location: Argentina The CPU is not the problem has enough "horsepower" ... but i have my doubs about the PCI-E 2.0 your setup requires a lot of bandwitch. Maybe you can get a Ivy bridge based Xeon. A E5-1650 V2 is arround 200u$D on ebay , PCI-E 3.0 and overclocks pretty well Last edited by lexer98; Yesterday at 01:26.     lexer98 View Public Profile Find all posts by lexer98 « Previous Thread | Next Thread » Thread Tools Show Printable Version Display Modes Linear Mode Switch to Hybrid Mode Switch to Threaded Mode Posting Rules You may not post new threads You may not post replies You may not post attachments You may not edit your posts BB code is On Smilies are On [IMG] code is On HTML code is Off Forum Rules Forum Jump User Control Panel Private Messages Subscriptions Who's Online Search Forums Forums Home General Chat     The Guru's Pub     Folding@Home - Join Team Guru3D !     Frontpage news     Digital Photography, Home and Portable Electronics     Tablets and Smart Phones     The HTPC, HDTV & Ultra High Definition section Videocards     Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce     Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce Drivers Section     Videocards - AMD Radeon     Videocards - AMD Radeon Catalyst Drivers Section     Videocards - 3dfx     Videocards vs General Purpose - NVIDIA Ageia PhysX, GPGPU etc.     3D Stereo Gaming Section     Benchmark Mayhem Hardware     General Hardware     Die-hard Overclocking & Case Modifications      Computer Monitor Forum     Soundcards, Speakers HiFI & File formats     SSD and HDD storage     Processors and motherboards AMD     Processors and motherboards Intel     Network questions and troubleshooting     Laptops & Notebooks Affiliates     Rivatuner Generic Discussion forum         RivaTuner Advanced Discussion forum     MSI AfterBurner Overclock Application Discussion forum     MSI AfterBurner Private Beta access     Guru of 3D Clan General     Games, Gaming & Game-demos     Game Tweaks and Modifications     Consoles & console games     Operating Systems     General Software and Applications     Hardware Reviews and News     Programming/Html     Links Powered by vBulletin® Copyright ©2000 - 2017, Jelsoft Enterprises Ltd. vBulletin Skin developed by: vBStyles.com Copyright (c) 1995-2014, All Rights Reserved. The Guru of 3D, the Hardware Guru, and 3D Guru are trademarks owned by Hilbert Hagedoorn. -- Aria -- Dark -- Fast Contact Us - The Guru of 3D - Archive - Privacy Statement - Top
