recommend.my - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Sunday, May 21, 2017 2:49 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 32°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Malaysia More Malaysians score at Intel ISEF by Sachina Dominic Sunday May 21, 2017 07:36 AM GMT+8 ICYMI North Korea’s Unit 180, the cyber warfare cell that worries the West Dr M attends PKR’s National Congress for the first time Nail-biting season finale as teams fight for Champions League spot The Edit: Penang’s oldest ice kacang stall Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article PETALING JAYA, May 21 — It was a double victory for Penang-based schools as Chung Ling vernacular school and renowned Penang Free took joint third placing at the Intel International Science and Engineering Fair (Intel ISEF) 2017 in California, United States on Friday. Their victory brought accolades to the Jalur Gemilang as they join Malaysia-born Tanisha Marthesaran who won a prize at the event in Los Angeles. The Chung Ling team comprised Zhan Yi Chng and Xian Jing Koa, and their victory was for their project on caffeine as an effective and eco-friendly termiticide (termite repellent). Representing Penang Free were Norman Sim and Raul Vimal Kumar, both 16, who tied for third place for their invention, SALT — a saponin anti-larvae treatment made from natural substances. These substances function in a similar way as other chemical-based larvicides, with the difference being it doesn’t pollute the environment. Each team will return home with US$1,000 (RM4,322.50) for their projects. Intel Malaysia has been encouraging and sponsoring local student participation in the world’s largest international pre-college science competition for the last 18 years. The global finalists were drawn from more than 400 events which encompassed science and engineering disciplines. The projects for the finalists focussed on various subjects ranging from virtual reality, sustainable energy and machine learning. Besides the winners, 10 other students made it as finalists representing Malaysia at this year’s Intel ISEF. In the individual category, were Munirah Suhada Mahdzir from SMK Buloh Kasap, Johor; Farhah Nabilah Rosli from MRSM Batu Pahat; Isaac Chung De Wei and Joel Jong Lee Zher, both from SMK Batu Lintang, Sarawak. The two schools in the teams event were Kai Bo Lee, Felix D’ Marvin and Muhammad Akram Ahmad from SMK Ibrahim, Sungai Petani; and Zaiyani Bahari and Farah Nurshahira Mohd Solehin from MRSM Kubang Pasu, in Kedah.                 MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Malaysians donate RM10k in two days to buy teacher a dirt bike Gifted with RM11,956 for a new bike, teacher thinks school deserves it more AES — you can run but you can’t hide Subramaniam: MIC targets registering 90,000 members as voters by June 15 After years of hate, Dr M attends PKR congress Fight breaks out at PM’s TN50 event with artistes (VIDEO) RM180,000 Brazillian tree in Terengganu dies Tahfiz student's body dug up for more tests Malaysians donate RM10k in two days to buy teacher a dirt bike Subramaniam: MIC targets registering 90,000 members as voters by June 15 Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: Oscars chief Boone Isaacs steps down from governors board Reuters Video: Newlyweds Pippa and James Matthews leave the church with their guests Bloomberg Video: Saudis confident in extension of oil cuts for nine months Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: Thai man murders baby, commits suicide on Facebook Live Tilda Swinton unveils strange ‘Okja’ promo clip Related Articles Malaysian-born teen shines at international science fair Intel deal may fuel Israel’s rise as builder of car brains Intel buying Israeli car tech firm Mobileye for US$15b Intel buying Israeli car tech firm Mobileye for US$15b Microsoft pledges to use ARM server chips in challenge to Intel Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | recommend.my - Local Services
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars BUSINESS Why Intel believes 5G wireless will make autonomous cars smarter Dean Takahashi@deantak May 20, 2017 11:05 AM Above: An artist's illustration was part of the "When Cars Can Talk: Readying the Network for 5G and the Autonomous Driving Era" presentation at Intel's one-day autonomous driving workshop. Image Credit: Intel The Internet of Things is expected to grow quickly to tens of billions of connected devices, from smart refrigerators to smart showers to smart cruise ships. And pretty soon, it’s going to extend to smart cars, Intel demonstrated at its recent autonomous cars event in San Jose, Calif. But Intel knows that we’ll have to get data in and out of those cars at rates that are much faster than today’s LTE mobile networks can handle. And that’s why Rob Topol, general manager of Intel’s 5G business and technology, believes that 5G wireless networking will be like the “oxygen” for self-driving cars. Intel is making 5G modem chips to transfer data at gigabits a second over wireless networks in the future, perhaps as early as 2020. Topol believes this wireless networking will enable self-driving cars to communicate with connected infrastructure. That infrastructure will help the cars process sensor, safety, and information for the car and return the results quickly to the cars.   “What we were showing with that demonstration is a capability called V-to-X – vehicle to infrastructure, vehicle to pedestrian, or vehicle to vehicle,” Topol said. “You’re utilizing the other objects and using a network to give the car vision beyond things it can’t see through the mechanisms in the car itself. Something that’s happening around the corner or further ahead.” We talked about 5G and its connection to autonomous driving in a recent interview. Here’s an edited transcript of our talk. Above: Rob Topol, general manager of the 5G business at Intel. Image Credit: Dean Takahashi VB: Where are we on the timeline for 5G? Rob Topol: As you’ve seen, there’s been lot of work going on in 5G over about the last year and a half. It started with developing the air interface, how it works between the device and the core access network. It starts with the trial specifications we’ve been doing, where you try out different things like modulation or channel coding, essentially building this new radio. The timeline is that you do many of those trial specifications over about a year to two years. All that work you do in the field, testing with partners and building a recipe, you take them to the standards bodies and submit them as contributions. Intel and other companies will submit their ideas and say, “This is what we think the standard should be based on.” The voting happens in 3GPP from a cellular standpoint, with the first round later this year. In December, the New Radio, or NR specification, will be set, and the full release for 5G happens in Q3 of 2018. Once the NR spec is set, that’s when you’ll start to see development around the modems, around the networking equipment to support that. Full release 15 is at greenlight. That’s when you see the Capex orders come in from network operators to the infrastructure companies. Intel puts its chipset designs into production. You start to see some operators roll out networks as early as 2019. You’ll probably see most do them around 2020. Typically, once the full release is done, it’s about 18 months until you start to see the networks deployed in a broader way. VB: How do you help people get an appreciation for how important this is? What’s at stake? What will people get out of it? Topol: We focus on the things that 5G is about that 4G was not, if that makes sense. 4G was the era of the smartphone — data proliferation, access to media, mobility in general, with something in your pocket. 5G is an era beyond the smartphone. Over the next five to 10 years, we have billions of connected things coming up all around us. As we make everything from a refrigerator to a car to a home to an enterprise network smarter, the compute that’s happening—more data is sent through a network, whether to help improve the service model or the user experience of those things, or to harvest that data for machine learning and data analytics, any sort of behavior or artificial intelligence work. We look at 5G as the platform that helps all of those other verticals grow. We see some of the early use case research. We see a lot of promise for 5G in automotive. We see a lot of promise for smart home and enterprise, if you move networks more to a fixed wireless capability. Not just relying on fiber and other LAN connections. We’re also looking at industrial automation. We have a few projects in that space, helping get a lot of that incubation going. What does a connected factory mean? How does it operate? How would a factory benefit in productivity, in the way machines are set up and run and optimized, when the factory is connected? What capability does that bring? How do we help people with that vision? We show as many of those use cases as early as we can. We go out and showcase with automotive companies, showing them 5G in a car, so they can see the way data comes into the car for the way it functions, for safety, and more important for bandwidth, the way our experience inside the car is going to change when it’s autonomous. When you’re sitting in the back seat of that car, your experience changes. You’re not required to be fully focused on where it’s going and what it’s doing. The bandwidth requirements in the car are going to grow exponentially as our time is freed up inside the vehicle. We do the same thing in industrial automation. We set up a partnership with GE and Honeywell and Ericsson called the 5G Innovators Initiative. We’re blueprinting what we think the factory of the future could and should look like, how it would operate. We try to give people that vision. We’ll do that for how drones are used. We’ll do it for fixed wireless in home and enterprise. We’ll do it for media and viewing experience. We’re working with media companies to look at the way media is captured and how it’s transmitted and how it’s consumed. That’s another major focus area of that initiative. Above: Intel is moving fast into autonomous cars. Image Credit: Intel VB: I’ve seen different kinds of reports about how big 5G is going to be as a contributor to the global economy. What do you think about that? Is this going to transform society? Topol: It opens new business models. As you talk about a smarter city, or a more efficient factory, or a vehicle that can run autonomously, it does change our behaviors, our habits, and what we can do with our time. I’d agree that 5G will open up many new business opportunities, primarily because of the data that’s coming off these smart and connected machines all around us. The ability to analyze, compute, and harvest that data is going to make us smarter in the way we lay out cities, set up factories, drive cars, and do other things around us. There’s a tremendous opportunity. I don’t have a specific study we’ve done yet. Our focus is to deliver the technology baseline and the use cases around it. We’re confident that our partners are going to build great business models around it. Our strategy from the start, as we said at CES, is end-to-end capability. Intel is the only company that sells hardware solutions from the device all the way up through the core and access networks and into the cloud and data center. Our ability to build out that new vertical for a partner – to sit down with GE or Honeywell or a media company and show how that blueprint works in 5G – is a very compelling case for Intel. We can do very quick testing and prototyping and move to commercial solutions. That’s part of why we have the partners coming in and working with us that we do. It’s a big part of our strategy. Above: Intel and Ericsson achieve first pre-5G over-the-air wireless interoperability between the 5G Intel Mobile Trial Platform UE and the Ericsson 5G Radio Prototype system. Image Credit: Intel VB: We talked before about how, in some ways, 5G and the bandwidth it brings could allow a shift in where computing happens. If you need it to happen in the cloud, it can happen there, or it can happen at the edge. But then the expansion of demand for that particular bandwidth, at least in the case of 4G, caused the networks to bog down again. Once everyone was able to watch video on their smartphones, they did it, and that brought down the quality of voice traffic on the networks. Topol: Exactly. There are two or three ways we want to address and mitigate that. The first is to have a strong advocacy position around spectrum. There’s more spectrum out there to be used for these communication types. Opening up more spectrum in the lower frequencies, below 6Ghz, but also opening up—a lot of the prototyping we’re doing in millimeter-wave is to open up that additional bandwidth via spectrum allocation. We’re strong advocates of that globally. We drive, through many of the advocacy groups, that harmonization, trying to have certain parts of millimeter-wave, certain spectrum in sub-6Ghz, be harmonized globally. It’s easier, from a design standpoint, for our radios, and it’s also just a better experience for consumers to transcend between those locations. The second is offloading what is actually going up through the networks. We talked a bit last time about machine to machine communication. A big part of 5G protocol is not only to make a fatter pipe and higher broadband connection, but to allow more machine to machine communication, where those machines don’t need to communicate up through that local access point or base station. They can communicate directly with each other. That’s a significant offload for those networks. The third is some of the network transformation technologies that Intel is pioneering. One is mobile edge compute, where it’s putting more of the caching and content at the edge of the network. It’s not something that has to go all the way back through an access network and into the cloud to access and retrieve that. A lot of content can be carried closer on the edge of the network. Another one is network slicing. With 5G, when you move to a software-defined network, you can slice the business model or the vertical. With automotive, you can slice the way the vehicles connect to base stations and cell towers and up through the network. You can essentially quarantine it from driving by a busy university campus with hundreds of college kids streaming and downloading media, or any other activities that constrain a network. You don’t want that to affect the safety functionality of cars, or the reliability a connected factory might need. Network slicing is pretty critical. Think of it as spectrum allocation, having these network transformation technologies, as well as offloading a lot of communication and keeping it at a local, machine to machine level. Above: Scenes from Mobile World Congress 2017 on Feb. 27, 2017, including the Intel demostration booth. Image Credit: Intel VB: You had a demo on autonomous cars where you could have cameras taking video, analyzing traffic, and passing along warnings to cars about a hazard ahead. How would that example work in this kind of network setup? Topol: There will be a lot of hardware tools on the vehicle to allow it to see. Whether it’s lidar or computer vision functions, many of those things will be onboard to the car, allowing it to see things that are happening around it. What we were showing with that demonstration is a capability called V-to-X – vehicle to infrastructure, vehicle to pedestrian, or vehicle to vehicle. You’re utilizing the other objects and using a network to give the car vision beyond things it can’t see through the mechanisms in the car itself. Something that’s happening around the corner or further ahead. V-to-X complements the autonomous driving functions that already exist in the car. We were showing how that functionality is complementary. It’ll bring additional safety, additional efficiency, routing the car the right way if it can see something forward that computer vision or lidar can’t see. That’s currently a standard being set and put forward through 3GPP. You’ll see it flourish when you get to 5G. That’s the point where you’ve built a protocol and a network where all these machines can speak to each other, speak through a network as necessary, and it can be quickly accessed by anything moving, like the vehicle. You’ll see this start in 4G networks, but it’ll flourish when you get to 5G. VB: In that particular example, would it be more like local communication happening, and not so much pressure on the network? Topol: Exactly. It can be that it goes further back into a network. If there’s information that’s valuable for traffic safety, or the public sector, or even the car manufacturer, it can go there. But yes, V-to-X is designed more to give vision to the vehicle where it can’t see through the tools it has onboard. VB: What other scenarios are the selling points of 5G? What do you think will turn out to be the most valuable applications? Topol: It’s a tough one, because when we build a new air interface like this—you typically build it with a set of known use cases, but it’s the unknown use cases that will proliferate and in the end benefit from the network you put forward. You always try to build that air interface with as much flexibility as possible. You typically set your targets for bandwidth or latency far ahead of the use cases you have today. If you look back at LTE—if we were doing this interview 10 years ago, I’d talk about some of the use cases, but the smartphone probably wouldn’t be one of them. It wasn’t even shipping in high volume yet. It was considered more of a novelty. Most of us still carried PDAs. We can see what happened over 10 years — how touch, data, apps, media, and gaming changed the way we look at mobility and the power of something we can carry with us. We set out several initial tracks. We think the car is something that goes through significant change in the next five to six years. The experience in the car will be more like the one we have in our office or at home. It’ll be a place for productivity or entertainment. We see the capabilities 5G can bring to drones, whether it’s for the pro-sumer or the casual user that wants to do video capture, but even going beyond line of sight. Think of the drone racers that want to do courses covering miles, not just within wi-fi range, or the industrial use cases like doing extended logistics delivery or even remote observation. We see the same in fixed wireless, where we can beyond the places fiber cables go today for work and enterprise. But to be honest, there are unknowns. A big unknown is where this takes media experience. We work with several media partners. We’re at the tip of the iceberg with VR. When you start to talk about augmented and mixed reality, and going further into what’s called collaborative augmented reality, where more than two people are working in the same mixed reality environment—you’re talking about huge complexity in the way those images and things are captured. The volumetrics you go through to assemble that image, and then transmitting that between two people—there’s a ton of work to do there, but it’s a 5G network and 5G air interface that opens up those doors. It gives you to the broadband capability for multi-gigabit-per-second connections. It also gives you low latency. When you put on a VR headset, there are probably times where you felt a little dizzy, or the image wasn’t exactly right. The biggest issue, typically, is latency. Getting down to a millisecond of latency on the edge of the network will make that a very crisp experience, without any motion sickness or things like that. Media and the viewing experience is a big opportunity for 5G. We’re just at the tip of the iceberg, though. Above: Intel opened an autonomous car lab in San Jose, Calif. Image Credit: Intel VB: Are you still confident that the U.S. is in as good a spot as other countries or regions as far as preparing for 5G? Topol: We are. We’ve made good strides in ensuring millimeter wave spectrum is available for use in experimental licenses and testing. It’s important, though, that the U.S. ensures we have sub-6Ghz spectrum available as well. There’s a lot of work going on around that. We see much of the world targeting both sub-6Ghz, this lower frequency spectrum, as well as millimeter wave. We’re in a good position. That’s based on the assumption that we continue to explore and make sub-6Ghz spectrum available as well. That’s where the first deployments will be for mobility. It’s an easier spectrum to work with for mobile applications, mobile devices. You’ll see millimeter wave start as a fixed capability – home, enterprise, other places – but as those networks start to deploy further, millimeter wave will become a huge thrust and basis for networks as you go into the middle and latter parts of 5G. VB: Things like net neutrality, are you weighing in on that as far as how it relates to 5G? Topol: Not really a stance there. The company that Intel is—our position is to build the use cases, the platforms behind both communications and compute capabilities. We’re fairly partner agnostic. We’re looking for incumbents that have great ideas and businesses in technologies that are sold today. We’re interested in disruptors too. This is a business that goes through significant disruption. We’re making sure our prototypes and products are targeting a mix of incumbents and disruptors. But as far as a stance, I’m probably not the best person to talk about that. Again, we focus on the products. VB: You had a chip available at CES. How is that moving along? Topol: We’re doing well. That was the radio transceiver that supports millimeter wave and those sub-6Ghz frequencies. We announced the modem, what’s called the base band. That’s still on track for sampling with partners in the second half of this year. That’s when we can move from our mobile trial platforms – those larger flexible boxes that give us 5G capability – to much smaller modules, smaller chipsets that can go into a mobile-like device or a drone or a smaller gateway inside the home. It gives us tremendous flexibility. That’s all on track. We move on to multi-mode solutions integrating 4G and 5G as we go into 2018 and beyond. VB Recommendations No ‘OK, Google’ on the iPhone? That’s a huge problem VR’s high fidelity obsession is holding it back The voice memo feature in the Volvo V90 Cross Country actually works
FOCUS TAIWAN CNA | Español | フォーカス台湾 | Mobile | Business | Publications | Service | Photos japanese español Latest Two FAT flights canceled after workers call in sick Cloudy but warm weather forecast for Taiwan on Sunday Air quality generally fair, with few exceptions in south Wu Den-yih wins KMT chairman election (update) CAL flight attendant arrested for carrying marijuana into Taiwan Politics Wu Den-yih wins KMT chairman election (update) Wu Den-yih wins KMT chairman election Taiwan's health minister arrives in Geneva; to protest WHA exclusion Premier vows to continue leading Taiwan forward Ex-president Chen Shui-bian mum on questions over parole violations Cross-Strait More than 70% support cross-strait status quo: survey TAITRA delegation to attend trade fair in China Most Taiwanese blame Taiwan's WHA exclusion on Beijing: survey China opts out of Taipei Universiade team events China accused of blocking Taiwan from attending most WHO meetings Economics Two FAT flights canceled after workers call in sick Formosa Petrochemical announces fuel price hike for next week Nanya remains 4th largest DRAM supplier worldwide in Q1 Taiwan bourse to exit doldrums on sound fundamentals: analyst Taiwan expected to post export order growth for 9th straight month Entertainment & Sports President Tsai expresses condolences over death of comedian Comedian Chu Ke-liang is dead at 70 British musician Ed Sheeran to start Asian tour with Taipei concert Men's 4x400 relay team set new national record at college games Top badminton stars to defend titles in Taiwan next month Science & Technology Gogoro to launch scooter sharing service in Paris this summer XP to Win8 most susceptible to ransonware attacks: institute WannaCry ransomware hits schools in Taiwan Vice president sees Asian Silicon Valley plan as key to the future Hospital computer hit by ransomware Culture Taiwan shines at Intel science contest Taipei mulls concert hall and library on AIT site Kinmen celebrates 6th anniversary of creative park Taiwanese band Mayday's album leads Golden Melody nominees After 65 years, The China Post goes paperless Society Cloudy but warm weather forecast for Taiwan on Sunday Air quality generally fair, with few exceptions in south CAL flight attendant arrested for carrying marijuana into Taiwan Winning numbers of Saturday's Taiwan lotteries Taiwanese tour group leader robbed in France Travel Basic Shopping Food and dining Accommodation Sightseeing MORE What the Papers Say Feature Business Services International Communities Latest Two FAT flights canceled after workers call in sick Cloudy but warm weather forecast for Taiwan on Sunday Air quality generally fair, with few exceptions in south Wu Den-yih wins KMT chairman election (update) CAL flight attendant arrested for carrying marijuana into Taiwan Politics Wu Den-yih wins KMT chairman election (update) Wu Den-yih wins KMT chairman election Taiwan's health minister arrives in Geneva; to protest WHA exclusion Premier vows to continue leading Taiwan forward Ex-president Chen Shui-bian mum on questions over parole violations Cross-Strait More than 70% support cross-strait status quo: survey TAITRA delegation to attend trade fair in China Most Taiwanese blame Taiwan's WHA exclusion on Beijing: survey China opts out of Taipei Universiade team events China accused of blocking Taiwan from attending most WHO meetings Economics Two FAT flights canceled after workers call in sick Formosa Petrochemical announces fuel price hike for next week Nanya remains 4th largest DRAM supplier worldwide in Q1 Taiwan bourse to exit doldrums on sound fundamentals: analyst Taiwan expected to post export order growth for 9th straight month Entertainment & Sports President Tsai expresses condolences over death of comedian Comedian Chu Ke-liang is dead at 70 British musician Ed Sheeran to start Asian tour with Taipei concert Men's 4x400 relay team set new national record at college games Top badminton stars to defend titles in Taiwan next month Science & Technology Gogoro to launch scooter sharing service in Paris this summer XP to Win8 most susceptible to ransonware attacks: institute WannaCry ransomware hits schools in Taiwan Vice president sees Asian Silicon Valley plan as key to the future Hospital computer hit by ransomware Culture Taiwan shines at Intel science contest Taipei mulls concert hall and library on AIT site Kinmen celebrates 6th anniversary of creative park Taiwanese band Mayday's album leads Golden Melody nominees After 65 years, The China Post goes paperless Society Cloudy but warm weather forecast for Taiwan on Sunday Air quality generally fair, with few exceptions in south CAL flight attendant arrested for carrying marijuana into Taiwan Winning numbers of Saturday's Taiwan lotteries Taiwanese tour group leader robbed in France Travel Basic Shopping Food and dining Accommodation Sightseeing MORE Talk of the Day Taiwan Editorial Abstracts Feature Business Services International Communities Two FAT flights canceled after workers call in sic... Cloudy but warm weather forecast for Taiwan on Sun... Air quality generally fair, with few exceptions in... Wu Den-yih wins KMT chairman election (update) CAL flight attendant arrested for carrying marijua... Friday's front pages Taoyuan Airport MRT Home > Culture Back to list Taiwan shines at Intel science contest 2017/05/20 21:47:56 Yeh Chia-yu Taipei, May 20 (CNA) Taiwanese students won five awards at the 2017 Intel International Science and Engineering Fair (Intel ISEF) in Los Angeles this week, according to the National Taiwan Science Education Center on Saturday. The winning projects, which garnered four Intel ISEF Grand Awards and one American Mathematical Society special award, stood out from 1,300 works from 78 countries, the center said in a statement. The center selected nine projects by 13 students from Taiwan to compete in the world's largest pre-college science competition. The most notable winner was Yeh Chia-yu (葉家宇) from Chung Shan Industrial & Commercial School, who became the first vocational school student to win the award, the center said. In his project that won the Third Award in the "Embedded Systems" category, called "Eco paper circuit printer & its applications," Yeh conducted electricity through paper to make printing more convenient and environmentally friendly. Other winners included Chen Yi-chen (陳怡臻) and Wu Yun-ching (吳允晴) from Taipei First Girls High School, who nabbed the Third Award in Chemistry with their project called "High efficiency TADF-based transparent OLEDs," aimed at developing a next-generation display system. Lin Juei-yin (林芮吟) from the same school won the Third Award in Mathematics with her project "Which maps are 4-list colorable?" She said the project can help identify better ways to distribute resources under the four-color theorem. Angel Huang (黃得嘉) from the Taipei American School won the Fourth Award in Biomedical and Health Sciences with a breast cancer study. Chuang Yuan-jung (莊沅蓉) from National Tainan Girl's Senior High School won the Third Award of the American Mathematical Society special awards by studying the Thue-Morse sequence and its applications in bio-mathematics and cryptography. (By Wei Shu and Lee Hsin-Yin) ENDITEM/ls Ratings： average rating 0 star(s) Focus Taiwan Fanpage Others 05/20 21:47 Taiwan shines at Intel science contest 05/18 21:29 Taipei mulls concert hall and library on AIT site 05/17 20:32 Kinmen celebrates 6th anniversary of creative park 05/16 19:54 Taiwanese band Mayday's album leads Golden Melody nominees 05/15 23:35 After 65 years, The China Post goes paperless Most Viewed 05/18 12:12 7 uniform invoices carrying NT$10 million prize remain unclaimed 05/18 17:27 Babies born to foreign nationals to receive automatic health insurance 05/17 16:33 Runaway Vietnamese workers nabbed for growing marijuana 05/18 17:11 Expired ingredients found in Hsia Wei Hsien shrimp snacks 05/18 19:48 Ministry denies spending big to place abandoned foreign children Photos Video Taiwan court to rule on same-sex marriage Facebook Banner The Central News Agency | About Us | Contact Us
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 241% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 110% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 241% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 110% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: 3 Top Dividend Stocks in the Driverless Car Industry These three companies might surprise you -- but all are well-positioned to profit big from driverless vehicles. John Rosevear (TMFMarlowe) May 20, 2017 at 10:06AM It's no secret that driverless cars are coming to market before long. Automated vehicles -- which will include trucks as well as cars -- stand to be a hugely profitable business for the companies that emerge as leaders in the space. Which will those companies be? Here are three good choices that all pay dividends and go beyond the obvious: Daimler AG (NASDAQOTH:DDAIF), Intel (NASDAQ:INTC), and General Motors (NYSE:GM). Daimler Daimler, based in Stuttgart, Germany, is probably best-known as the parent company of luxury-car brand Mercedes-Benz. It's also a major global producer of trucks, commercial vehicles, and buses under several brands, including the Freightliner tractor-trailer brand. Daimler's wide product range gives it several good reasons to be out in the forefront of driverless-vehicle development. Self-driving systems are already emerging as important offerings in luxury vehicles -- and it's becoming clear that driverless trucks will also be a hugely important market before long. Given that, it should be no surprise that Daimler's driverless-vehicle research and development appears to be quite advanced. In fact, Daimler could be a leader in the transition to driverless long-haul heavy trucks, with its Highway Pilot system. Highway Pilot, currently under development, will allow heavy trucks to "platoon" in automated convoys. Daimler conducted a public demonstration of its Highway Pilot system last year. These three Mercedes-Benz trucks are moving in an automated convoy on the Autobahn. Note the position of the lead driver's hands. Image source: Daimler AG. CEO Dieter Zetsche has been a strong leader for Daimler, driving sales and profit growth at the Mercedes-Benz brand that has helped fund an aggressive technology push. Like a lot of big automakers, Daimler's stock is arguably somewhat undervalued at around 7.5 times last year's earnings -- but its low price makes for a fat 4.8% dividend yield. Given where the world's new-vehicle markets are now, you may have to wait a few years to see significant profit growth materialize at Daimler. But if you reinvest that nice dividend while you wait, you may be very happy with the end result. Intel I'll admit right up front that there are reasons to be wary of Intel. Analysts have had big concerns, arguing that growth in the chip giant's core business is stalling and its management team has been stumbling from idea to idea in search of new growth. There may be some truth to that. But one of the ideas that Intel "stumbled" on recently has the potential to be huge: its $15.3 billion deal to acquire Mobileye N.V. (NYSE:MBLY), announced in March. Mobileye is a very, very big deal in the world of driverless-vehicle technology. The Israeli firm makes chips and software that help computers process and understand images -- and it has mastered the not-so-simple art of delivering chips that can survive and function for years in a harsh automotive environment. Mobileye's systems are critical components of the driver-assist systems offered by nearly all automakers now. They'll be at least as important in driverless vehicles, where Mobileye's technology will be what allows the cars to "see" the roadway and surroundings. Mobileye's technology is deeply respected by automakers, and its client list includes just about every automaker in the world. Those are huge assets that might well justify the huge price Intel is paying for Mobileye: Intel plans to leave Mobileye's team in place and add its own offerings to those that Mobileye markets to its clients. Long story short: Acquiring Mobileye instantly makes Intel a major force in the emerging market for driverless-vehicle technology. And via its ongoing partnership with giant auto-industry supplier Delphi Automotive (NYSE:DLPH), it'll have a fully integrated Level 4 system to offer to automakers by the end of 2019. (Learn more about the "levels" of driverless-vehicle technology here.) As Intel CEO Brian Krzanich sees it, that market will be huge. He said recently that the total addressable market for systems for driverless vehicles, and the data centers that will be built to support them, will be over $100 billion a year by 2030. Intel is now in an excellent position to grab a big piece of that market, and that will have a substantial impact on a company that generated $59.4 billion in revenue last year. Intel's stock isn't expensive, with a forward price-to-earnings ratio around 12, and its forward dividend yield of 3% means you'll get paid to wait for the growth to materialize. Whatever Intel's other flaws, acquiring Mobileye seems very likely to open a door to significant top- and bottom-line growth for Intel over the next several years. General Motors For starters, GM's stock is cheap at just 5 times its 2016 earnings, its very sustainable dividend is yielding about 4.6%, and profits under CEO Mary Barra have recently been terrific. Those profits have given Barra and her team an opportunity to spend big on future technology, including driverless cars. Thanks in part to its subsidiary Cruise Automation, GM's driverless-vehicle technology is probably ahead of most rivals'. And unlike those rivals, GM already has the perfect vehicle to launch its driverless technology: the electric Chevrolet Bolt EV. GM has been testing Chevrolet Bolts equipped with its prototype driverless system in several locations around the country. This one is shown near GM's technical center in Warren, Michigan. Image source: General Motors. We don't know as much about GM's plans as we do about most of its rivals'. Barra's style is to keep things under wraps until the products are able to do the talking. That means there are likely to be some big surprises in store over the next couple of years. But we do know some things that give us a good idea of what GM has in mind: GM has said repeatedly that the Bolt will be its "platform" for future technologies, including its driverless-vehicle system. GM owns 9% of Lyft, has a seat on Lyft's board, and is believed to be planning a mass test of driverless Bolts in Lyft service in several U.S. cities that will start later this year. Cruise Automation, a driverless-car start-up that GM bought last year, has been testing self-driving Chevy Bolts out in the open in San Francisco for months now. GM is adding a lot of bandwidth to its long-established OnStar connected-vehicle network. GM started an urban car-sharing service last year, and driverless cars may factor into its future plans. You don't have to squint too hard to see the picture: a whole lot of self-driving Chevy Bolts in car-sharing and ride-hailing service in cities around the world, starting quite soon. And it doesn't take much of a leap to see another picture emerging: GM making strong profits, as one of the first companies to bring viable self-driving vehicles to market. John Rosevear owns shares of General Motors. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author John Rosevear (TMFMarlowe) John Rosevear is the senior auto specialist for Fool.com. John has been writing about the auto business and investing for over 20 years, and for The Motley Fool since 2007. Follow @john__rosevear Article Info May 20, 2017 at 10:06AM Industrials Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $35.40 up $0.18 (0.51%) General Motors NYSE:GM $32.72 up $0.25 (0.77%) DAIMLER AG ORD NASDAQOTH:DDAIF $76.04 up $0.49 (0.65%) Delphi Automotive NYSE:DLPH $85.90 up $0.77 (0.90%) Mobileye NYSE:MBLY $61.80 up $0.08 (0.13%) Read More Intel Spends $15.3 Billion to Own Its Share of the Self-Driving Future Why Intel Is Teaming With Delphi and Mobileye on Self-Driving Cars Why Intel Is Betting $15.3 Billion on Self-Driving Cars Tech Companies Continue to Dive Into the Evolving Auto Industry FEI Company’s Earnings Go Under the Microscope, and the Results Still Aren't Pretty Why Intel Now Has a Huge Advantage in Self-Driving Cars Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current 3 Top Dividend Stocks in the Driverless Car Industry @themotleyfool #stocks $INTC, $GM, $DDAIF, $DLPH, $MBLY
All News | Boards | Chips | Devices | Software | LinuxDevices.com Archive | About | Contact | Subscribe Follow LinuxGizmos: > get email updates < Search LinuxGizmos: Search LinuxGizmos.com + LinuxDevices Archive: LinuxGizmos Sponsor ads: (advertise here) Top 10 trending posts… Arduino Cinque board taps SiFive RISC-V SoC and an ESP32 wireless chip Tizen 4.0 unveiled with a Linux-like RTOS variant for IoT Ubuntu-ready SMB net appliance has dual mini-PCIe slots Ringing in 2017 with 90 hacker-friendly single board computers Latest Samsung Artik module runs Tizen RT on a Cortex-M4 Tiny Snapdragon 820 module offers Linux, Android 7.0, and 9-axis MEMs Whipping up IBM Watson voice services with OpenWhisk Compact, rugged Apollo Lake computer has swappable SATA Rugged, Linux-ready Qseven module taps Apollo Lake Fanless, Linux-friendly Skylake mini-PC has dual M.2 slots Follow LinuxGizmos or subscribe to our posts: Follow: Enter your email address to receive notifications of new posts: Email Address LinuxGizmos Sponsor ads: (advertise here) Ubuntu-ready SMB net appliance has dual mini-PCIe slots May 19, 2017 — by Eric Brown — 547 views Aaeon’s “FWS-2271” network appliance offers Intel Apollo Lake SoCs, up to 16GB RAM, 4x to 6x GbE ports, 2x mini-PCIe slots, and shock/vibration resistance. The FWS-2271 network appliance for SOHO and SMB customers has updated Aaeon’s earlier Intel Braswell-based FWS-2260. Instead of Braswell, you get a choice of Intel Apollo Lake generation dual-core Celeron N3350 or quad-core Pentium N4200, both with 6W TDP. The Ubuntu-friendly device supports features including firewall, VPN, load balancing, software defined WAN (SD-WAN), Unified Threat Management (UTM), wireless Network Access Controller (NAC) and Virtual Customer Premise Equipment (vCPE). FWS-2271, front and back (click images to enlarge) The 200 x 105 x 44mm FWS-2271 is much smaller than the FWS-2260, and supports twice the DDR3L RAM at up to 16GB. While the FWS-2260 ships standard with 6x GbE ports, the standard FWS-2271 configuration is 4x ports, with 2x more ports “BOM optional.” The HDMI port is now standard instead of optional, and Aaeon has added 8-bit GPIO, but there’s no longer an mSATA option. Otherwise, the system is almost identical. You get a 2.5-inch SATA III bay, as well as CFast, or optionally CompactFlash. The FWS-2271 integrates a pair of USB 3.0 ports, as well as a serial console port, 2x mini-PCIe slots, an accessible SIM slot, and antenna mounts. FWS-2271 detail views (click images to enlarge) The FWS-2271 is equipped with optional TPM, as well as a KB/mouse interface, a variety of LEDs, and a user-programmable button. Like the FWS-2250, there’s an odd combination of extended shock and vibration resistance and a limited 0 to 40°C temperature range. Specifications listed for the FWS-2271 include: Processor — Intel Apollo Lake with Intel HD Graphics 505: Pentium N4200 — 4x cores @ 1.1GHz/2.5GHz, 2MB L2 cache, 6W TDP Celeron N3350 — 2x cores @ 1.1GHz/2.4GHz, 1MB L2 cache, 6W TDP RAM — up to 16GB DDR3L-1867 via 2x SODIMMs Storage — 2.5-inch SATA 6Gbps HDD slot; CFast socket (or BOM option CompactFlash) Networking – 4x or BOM optional 6x Gigabit Ethernet ports (optional up to 2-pair bypass) Other I/O: 2x USB 3.0 ports HDMI port RJ-45 console port 8-bit GPIO KB/mouse and fan headers Expansion — 2x full-size mini-PCI slots with PCIe/USB and USB signals; SIM socket with accessible cover; 4x antenna holes Other features — RTC; watchdog; 15x LEDs; power, reset, and software programmable buttons; optional TPM 1.2 Power — 12V DC power-in connector; optional power adapter and cables Operating temperature — 0 to 40°C Vibration — 0.5 grms/5~500Hz with 2.5-inch HDD (operating); 1.5 grms/5~500Hz (non-operating) Shock — 10G peak accel., 11m sec. duration (operating); 20G peak accel., 11m sec. duration (non-operating) Dimensions — 200 x 105 x 44mm Operating system — Ubuntu and other Linux; Windows   Further information The FWS-2271 appears to be available now at an undisclosed price. More information may be found on Aaeon’s FWS-2271 product page.   Related posts: Six-port net appliance runs Linux on Braswell Net appliance targets Internet cafes Embedded controller powers up with Apollo Lake Thin 3.5-inch SBC features Apollo Lake chips, dual GbE, dual Pico-ITX Apollo Lake SBC gives you expansion options Thin, tough Mini-ITX board runs Linux on Apollo Lake First 3.5-inch Apollo Lake single board computers appear Fanless, thin Mini-ITX board taps quad-core Apollo Lake… Mini Apollo Lake module takes the heat — and the cold Rugged box-PC runs Linux on quad-core Bay Trail Celeron (advertise here) PLEASE COMMENT BELOW Please comment here... Cancel reply (advertise here) The content on this site is copyright © 2007-2017 Rick Lehrbaum unless otherwise noted. Comments are the property of their submitters. Content originally published on LinuxDevices is Copyright © 1999-2017 QuinStreet Inc. and is reproduced here under license from its owner. LinuxGizmos is part of the DeviceGuru Blog Network. Linux is a registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Contact us | Privacy policy | Terms of use | About us | RSS feed
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   Business updated: 5/20/2017 8:32 AM Apple said to plan laptop upgrades as Microsoft enters fray Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close The Mac lineup generates just 11 percent of the Apple's $216 billion in annual sales, with the iPhone accounting for almost two-thirds of the total. But Macs are key to retaining the business of loyalists and the creative industries -- the cornerstone of Apple's resurgence at the turn of the millennium under Steve Jobs. (AP File Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez)   Mark Gurman and Alex Webb Bloomberg     Apple Inc. plans to announce an update to its laptop lineup at an annual conference for app developers in early June, a move that could help offset new competition from Microsoft Corp. as well as declining iPad sales. Apple is planning three new laptops, according to people familiar with the matter. The MacBook Pro will get a faster Kaby Lake processor from Intel Corp., said the people, who requested anonymity to discuss internal planning. Apple is also working on a new version of the 12-inch MacBook with a faster Intel chip. The company has also considered updating the aging 13-inch MacBook Air with a new processor as sales of the laptop, Apple's cheapest, remain surprisingly strong, one of the people said. Apple and Intel declined to comment. The Mac lineup generates just 11 percent of the Cupertino, California-based company's $216 billion in annual sales, with the iPhone accounting for almost two-thirds of the total. But Macs are key to retaining the business of loyalists and the creative industries -- the cornerstone of Apple's resurgence at the turn of the millennium under Steve Jobs. The MacBook refresh would also come at an important time for the iPhone-maker. This month, Microsoft Corp. debuted the Surface Laptop, which boots up in seconds, has a touch screen and runs on a more stable version of Windows. Microsoft's first real laptop is widely considered a viable rival to the MacBook Air. By refreshing its computers, Apple could undercut that competition and continue the Mac's recent momentum. In the second quarter, the company sold 4.2 million desktops and laptops and generated 14 percent more revenue on Macs than in the quarter a year earlier. The updated MacBook Pro would look much the same as the latest model and mostly differ in internal architecture, one of the people said. While unclear if it's ready for this generation, Apple has been working on a new in-house chip for a future MacBook Pro model that manages the computer's low-power mode, Bloomberg News has reported. The planned upgrades wouldn't mark a major step forward for Apple's notebook lineup, but they will demonstrate the company's dedication to a product that has been criticized by the Mac faithful over the past few years. It has been almost seven years since Apple last redesigned the MacBook Air. The most recent MacBook Pro, released more than 500 days after its predecessor, added a Touch Bar keyboard strip for quick access to app functions, a larger trackpad and a fingerprint log-in sensor. Apple last updated the 12-inch MacBook in the spring of 2016 with a rose gold color option, while the MacBook Air has not received a speed boost since 2015. The stall in Mac updates has not been limited to laptops. Apple's desktops have lagged too, and earlier this year, Apple pledged to release major upgrades to the Mac Pro and iMac with better specifications for expert users in the future. Apple hasn't announced upgraded hardware at its June developers conference since 2013, when it launched the Mac Pro and updated the MacBook Air. In addition to the new Macs this year, Apple will likely announce an upgraded version of the macOS operating system. At last year's conference, the company announced the Sierra operating system, which added support for Siri, Apple Pay and iMessage improvements. Apple typically ships the new Mac software upgrades in the fall. -- -- -- With assistance from Ian King. Tweet This article filed under: Business News Technology Washington Post BizTech Newsletter Article Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2017 Readers' Choice Daily Herald Events and Contests News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Crime Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Motorcycling Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
Daily Express The Express Tribune Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live Sunday, 21 May 2017 Subscribe Express News The Express Tribune Web Chutney Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live RSS Today's Paper Subscribe beta 2.1 Sunday, 21 May 2017 Today's Paper Advertise Home Pakistan Business Tech Videos World Opinion Life & Style Sports T.Edit Blogs Jobs Classifieds Labs Events Games The Express Tribune > Technology   This smart bangle is giving women pregnancy tips in India, Bangladesh Share Tweet This smart bangle is giving women pregnancy tips in India, Bangladesh Coel delive­rs two wellne­ss messag­es a week in the local langua­ge, includ­ing what to eat and when to see the doctor­ By Reuters Published: May 20, 2017 0SHARES Share Tweet Email Coel delivers two wellness messages a week in the local language, including what to eat and when to see the doctor. PHOTO: COEL A high-tech bangle that alerts pregnant women to toxic fumes and issues audio tips promises to boost maternal health in South Asia, as smart devices deliver ever more services to remote communities. The colorful, lightweight bangle also bypasses phone-owning men – feeding information directly to expectant mothers – and is built to withstand the rigors of village life. “In rural areas, mobile connectivity – and mobile access for women – is an issue, as phones are controlled by men,” said Pavel Hoq, chief operating officer at Grameen Intel Social Business, which developed the new device. “While we had also developed mobile apps for maternal health, we realized a wearable device solely for women, something she would likely wear all the time, would be better to connect with women in rural areas,” he told the Thomson Reuters Foundation. This smart ball lets you play with your pet even when you’re not home Made of durable plastic, the bangle is water-resistant and has a long-lasting battery that does not require charging throughout the duration of a pregnancy. Nor does it not need an internet connection to work. PHOTO: COEL Coel, or carbon monoxide exposure limiter, was created by Grameen Intel Social Business Ltd., a joint venture of Intel Corporation, and Bangladesh non-profit Grameen Trust. The device can be recharged and reused many times, Hoq said. New Jewels It will join a woman’s regular array of bracelets, with most married women in South Asia wearing bangles made of glass, plastic or gold. The decorative finish differentiates the bangle from many other wrist-worn fitness devices or smart watches Coel, which is designed to withstand the rough and tumble of daily chores, delivers two wellness messages a week in the local language, including what to eat and when to see the doctor. An alarm also sounds if high levels of carbon monoxide fumes are generated when cooking with firewood, charcoal or dung, warning the wearer to move away. Every day, about 830 women worldwide die from pregnancy or childbirth-related complications, according to the World Health Organization. Nearly a third of these deaths are in South Asia. Maternal mortality is higher among women living in rural areas and poorer communities, where access to healthcare is often forbidden or curtailed due to a lack of female medics. PHOTO: COEL In Bangladesh, where more than 70 per cent of babies are born at home, about 5,000 maternal deaths and nearly 77,000 neonatal deaths are reported annually, according to WHO. In neighboring India, where Coel has been tested in Uttar Pradesh – among the poorest states in the country – maternal and neonatal deaths are nearly 10 times higher. These bikers created a backpack that could save your life At the same time, wearable devices including smart watches, shoes and glasses, are increasingly used for remote healthcare, such as to monitor a patient’s cholesterol or insulin levels. It is a growing market: about 2.5 million such wearable devices were sold in India last year, most priced under $50, according to research firm International Data Corporation. Coel, which will be priced initially at about $12-$15, will be sold in India and Bangladesh first, then in Nepal, said Hoq. “Easy access to knowledge is crucial in these countries, particularly for first-time mothers,” he said. “We want this device to be a tool of empowerment for women.” Read more: Coel , pregnancy , Smart device Read full story Recommended Stories NED startup builds house in 3 hours for under Rs250,000 With little money and tons of passion for displaced people, three students find a unique housing solution China Accelerator to help promising K-P startups increase outreach K-P IT Board also look towards digitising courts with help from China K-P unveils digital strategy at Digital Youth Summit 2017 IT Board chief says strategy to boost growth, create jobs Facebook Conversations Leave Your Reply Below Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Email Location Your comments may appear in The Express Tribune paper. For this reason we encourage you to provide your city. The Express Tribune does not bear any responsibility for user comments. Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Comments are moderated and generally will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive. For more information, please see our Comments FAQ. Most Read 1 Zakir Naik granted Saudi citizenship by King Salman: reports 2 This Pakistani actor has been forced to become a labourer due to lack of work 3 Attack on Malala was staged, claims PTI MNA 4 Indian woman cuts off religious guru's penis over rape attempt 5 ‘How come sexual predators are working in PIA and nobody goes after them?’ 6 Melania Trump foregoes headscarf on Saudi Arabia trip 7 World's second-largest torrent site ExtraTorrent shuts down 8 Huma Abedin files for divorce as estranged husband pleads guilty to sexting 9 24-year-old found dead under mysterious circumstances after night out with friends in Karachi 10 Pakistan backed to spring surprises in Champions Trophy Connect With Tribune News Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Get news delivered to your inbox Your Email Address Great! You'll get your first email soon. Recent Slideshows Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (May 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (April 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (March 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (February 2017) More in TechnologySoftbank-Saudi tech fund becomes world’s biggest with $93 billion of capital © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] Pakistan Sindh Punjab Balochistan KP & FATA Jammu & Kashmir Gilgit Baltistan Life & Style Books Music TV & Film Fashion Food Gossip Videos Slideshows Videos Opinion Editorial Letters Business World Sports Magazine Others About us Online Advertising RSS Feeds Google+ Subscribe to the Paper Contact us Careers Style Guide Privacy Policy Copyrights Code of ethics Mobile App This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, redistributed or derived from. Unless otherwise stated, all content is copyrighted © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] facebook twitter whatsapp
HOME NEWS CATEGORY Royal NewsPolitics NewsEconomy NewsSocial NewsForeign NewsScience NewsSports NewsEnvironmental NewsArts / EntertainmentPublic relations VIDEO ON DEMAND VOD NBT WORLD PRD Sharing SPECIAL NEWS The Kingปณิธานความดี ปีมหามงคลNBT WORLDaseanBureaucratic reformThe Twelve Core Values for a Strong Thailandinternational cooperationCabinet Roundupbangkoktouristmfatatnewstourism thailandamazing thailandnbt worldโปรโมท AppBureaucratic reformSouthern SituationITU Telecom World LOGIN REGISTER TH EN Advance Search TH EN HOME NEWS CATEGORY Royal NewsPolitics NewsEconomy NewsSocial NewsForeign NewsScience NewsSports NewsEnvironmental NewsArts / EntertainmentPublic relations VIDEO ON DEMAND VIDEO ON DEMAND NBT WORLD PRD Sharing LOGIN REGISTER The Prime Minister said the government will drive forward towards true democracy and encouraged the people to uphold religious teachings as principles of peaceful co-existence. Thai-Muslim villagers have prepared to observe Ramadan fasting by purchasing dates, selling at an increased price due to high demands. The Director General of the Department of Highways disclosed that some highways are severely flooded during rainy season, and advises motorists to be more careful when traveling during this period. For more information on road conditions and traffic condition, please call 1586. The Interior Ministry is holding Thailand's Best Local Product Expo featuring top local products and foods during 4 May - 24 July 2017 at Khlong Padung Krung Kasem canal market next to Government House. The Interior Ministry is launching the fair "OTOP Mid-Year 2017: Best Local to Global" to provide another sales channel for OTOP businesses and promote product development for current market trends. The fair will be held from May 18th to 25th at IMPACT, Muang Thong Thani. Watch NBT World TV channel in English 24 hours a day on PSI satellite and http://thainews.prd.go.th/en for live and official news plus interesting non-commercial programs. > Science News > Thai students win awards from Intel ISEF contests    Thai students win awards from Intel ISEF contests 20 May 2017 | 17:57 | (12 Viewer ) | LOS ANGELES, 20 May 2017 (NNT) – Thai students have won three awards from the Intel International Science and Engineering Fair 2017 (Intel ISEF) participated by about 1,800 young scientists from 77 countries across the globe. Deputy National Science Museum (NSM) director Suwarong Wongsiri revealed the outcome of Intel ISEF contests which took place during 14-19 May 2017 in Los Angeles, United States, where 12 teams of Thai students participated and won three awards. The award-winning projects included the Factors Affecting Polystyrene Foam Consuming Rate of Superworms (Zophobas morio) by Nutchawara Moonkaew and Jitranooch Chairach from Bunyawat Witthayalai School which won the fourth award in Animal Sciences category, the Semiconductor Cells for Photocatalytic Decomposition of Industrial Dyes under Visible Light project by Nichakorn Kheawkham, Preeyaporn Kandee, and Pimpayom Sudcharean from Princess Chulabhon Science High School which won the fourth award in Chemistry. Another project from Thai students which won Special Award given by Monsato Company was the Control of Tomato Yellow Leave Curl Disease with Biopesticide Extracted from Goat Weed Ageratum conyzoides Linn by Janyaporn Kotimanusvanij, Naruephon Phaengma, and Witchakon Nanthaikueakun, from the Demonstration School of Khon Kaen University (Modindaeng). The deputy NSM chief said all three awards received by Thai students signified their abilities in science well recognized at international level. He thanked all efforts from the students and teachers which brought fame to the country, adding all participants have performed their best, regardless of whether or not they would receive any award. Information and Source Reporter : Tanakorn Sangiam Rewriter : tewit kemtong National News Bureau & Public Relations : http://thainews.prd.go.th News Category Royal NewsPolitics NewsEconomy NewsSocial NewsForeign NewsScience NewsSports NewsEnvironmental NewsArts / EntertainmentPublic relations Thai students win awards from Intel ISEF contests 20 May 2017 | 17:57 LOS ANGELES, 20 May 2017 (NNT) – Thai students have won three awards from the Intel International ... Faculty of Tropical Medicine, Mahidol University arranges a press conference on HIV Vaccine Awareness Day 18 May 2017 | 14:07 BANGKOK, 18th May 2017 –The Faculty of Tropical Medicine, Mahidol University has arranged a press ... Dept of Skill Development arranges welding competition for vocational students 17 May 2017 | 23:25 BANGKOK, 17 May 2017 (NNT) - The private sector, the Department of Skill Development and the the ... Thailand on full alert against “WannaCry” malware threat 16 May 2017 | 17:14 BANGKOK, 16th May 2017 (NNT) - Thailand is on full alert to the threat of the “WannaCry” malware, ... Thai’s official software is now launched 16 May 2017 | 00:44 BANGKOK, 16th May 2017 - Official Thai software has now been launched Deputy Prime Minister, Air ... MDE advises computer users to prevent WannaCry ransomware 15 May 2017 | 16:19 BANGKOK, 15 May 2017 (NNT) – The Ministry of Digital for Economy and Society (MDE) has urged all ... PRD prepares technicians for digital transition 15 May 2017 | 15:44 BANGKOK, 15 May 2017 (NNT) – The Public Relations Department (PRD) has provided training for its ... Researchers succeed in creating artificial mangroves 13 May 2017 | 10:38 BANGKOK, 13th May 2017 (NNT) - Thai researchers have succeeded in creating a substitute for ... NBTC controls Internet TV boxes 11 May 2017 | 19:06 BANGKOK, 11 May 2017 (NNT) - The National Broadcasting and Telecommunications Commission (NBTC) has ... NRSA urged to review nuclear law 9 May 2017 | 17:39 BANGKOK, 9th May 2017 (NNT) - A group of dentists have urged the National Reform Steering Assembly ... The number of News found all 69 News. 1 2 3 4 5 6 > Last » View Full Site Contact Us Site Map FAQ WEBBOARD NATIONAL NEWS BUREAU OF THAILAND (NNT) 90-91 New Phetchaburi Rd., Bang Kapi, Huai Khwang, Bangkok 10310, Thailand Tel 02-248-8600, Fax 02-369-2579 WEB MASTER  : nnt.thainews@gmail.com VERSION WEB  : Version 2.0 Truehits.net
SHOP MOBILE SITE SEND US TIPS JOIN LOG IN Search all All News Features Blogs Forums CATEGORIES Reviews News Blogs Images Shop COMPONENTS All Components Recent additions: AMD Ryzen 5 1600X And 1500X Processor Review: Affordable Zen Takes On Core i5 AMD Ryzen Game Optimization Begins: Ashes Of The Singularity Patched And Tested Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Benchmark First Look, A Mobile Powerhouse Emerges Processors Recent additions: AMD Ryzen 5 1600X And 1500X Processor Review: Affordable Zen Takes On Core i5 AMD Ryzen Game Optimization Begins: Ashes Of The Singularity Patched And Tested Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Benchmark First Look, A Mobile Powerhouse Emerges Graphics/Sound Recent additions: EVGA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti SC2 GAMING Review: Dialing-In On Performance NVIDIA Volta-Powered DGX-1 And DGX Station AI Supercomputers Debut At GTC 2017 MSI GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Gaming X 11G Review: Blazing-Fast And Custom Cooled Motherboards Recent additions: AMD Announces X300 And X370 AM4 Motherboards For Ryzen Processors, All Chips Unlocked Gigabyte Z170X-Designare Motherboard Review: Affordable, High-Tech, Great Performance Rivet Networks Killer E2500 Gigabit Ethernet For Gamers With Advanced QoS Tested Storage Recent additions: Micron 5100 ECO and MAX SSD Review: High-Capacity, Affordable Datacenter Storage Intel Optane Memory With 3D XPoint Review: Easy, Robust PC Acceleration Samsung EVO Plus microSDXC 128GB Card Rips File Transfers Up To 100MB/s Misc Recent additions: Hykso Punch Trackers Review: Boxing Meets Wearable Technology Netgear Nighthawk X10 Wireless AD7200 Router Review [Updated] The Best Of CES 2017 SYSTEMS All Systems Recent additions: Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big Gaming Performance In A Small Package Maingear Vybe Review: Dual GTX 1070s And Kaby Lake Cranked To 5GHz The Best Of CES 2017 Desktops Recent additions: Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big Gaming Performance In A Small Package Maingear Vybe Review: Dual GTX 1070s And Kaby Lake Cranked To 5GHz Dell XPS 27 (7760) All-In-One Desktop Review: 4K Touch And Wired For Sound DIY Recent additions: Gigabyte Brix S GB-BSi5HT-6200 Ultra Compact SFF PC Review New Matter MOD-t 3D Printer Review: Low Cost, User-Friendly Creation AMD Powered Star Wars Battlefront Radeon 380X-Powered Gaming PC Build Small Form Factor Recent additions: Lenovo Annouces ThinkStation P320 Workstations With Kaby Lake And Quadro Graphics For VR Developers Gigabyte BRIX Gaming UHD Review With Teardown And Rebuild Action Intel Compute Stick Core m3 Review: Skylake On A Thumbstick IT/ENTERPRISE All IT/Enterprise Recent additions: AMD Naples Zen Platform Makes ‘EPYC’ Debut For Data Center Market Intel Announces Xeon Scalable Processor Family Based On Skylake-SP Toshiba's Non-Encrypted HK4 SSDs Now Shipping In High Performance NetApp SolidFire Data Center Products Workstation Recent additions: Aquantia Launches Multi-Gigabit NICs For Enthusiast-Class PCs and Professional Workstations Intel Kaby Lake Xeon E3-1200 Family Takes Flight Lenovo Annouces ThinkStation P320 Workstations With Kaby Lake And Quadro Graphics For VR Developers Data Center/SMB Recent additions: AMD Naples Zen Platform Makes ‘EPYC’ Debut For Data Center Market Intel Announces Xeon Scalable Processor Family Based On Skylake-SP Toshiba's Non-Encrypted HK4 SSDs Now Shipping In High Performance NetApp SolidFire Data Center Products Cloud Recent additions: Microsoft Legal Marijuana Tracking Software Has A Serious Case Of The Munchies ProtectWise Builds Security As A Service Platform With DVR Playback And Jacks You Into The Matrix NVIDIA Launches GeForce NOW Game Streaming Service Software Recent additions: Microsoft CodePlex Open Source Repository Closing, Devs Urged To Embrace Github Microsoft Rolls Out Wake On LAN For Easier Remote Windows 10 Updates Google Chrome For macOS Gains Enhanced Safe Browsing Malware Protection MOBILE All Mobile Recent additions: Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review: Optimized Mobility Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium Android Productivity And Entertainment HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Notebooks Recent additions: Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review: Optimized Mobility HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming Review: Great Battery Life, Strong Performance, Affordable Price Smartphones Recent additions: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: Android Excellence In Performance And Design LG G6 Review: Design Elegance And Efficiency A Winning Combination Australian Regulators Sue Apple Over Fatal Error 53 Bricking Of Repaired iPhones Tablets Recent additions: Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium Android Productivity And Entertainment HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Dell XPS 13 2-In-1 Review - Portable And Flexible Living On The Infinity Edge Gadgets Recent additions: GoPro Fusion Spherical 360 Degree VR 5.2K Camera Launching 2H 2017 Hykso Punch Trackers Review: Boxing Meets Wearable Technology Amazfit Pace GPS Smartwatch Review: Sleek, Attractive, And Great Battery Life LEISURE All Leisure Recent additions: Sole Surviving Nintendo PlayStation Rare Prototype Is Now Fully Functional Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Razer Lancehead eSports Gaming Mouse Promises Unmatched Wireless Performance Entertainment Recent additions: Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Google Launches $35/Month YouTube TV Streaming Service For Discerning Cord Cutters NVIDIA SHIELD TV (2017) Review: Smart Home, 4K HDR, And Game Streaming Gaming Recent additions: Sole Surviving Nintendo PlayStation Rare Prototype Is Now Fully Functional Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Razer Lancehead eSports Gaming Mouse Promises Unmatched Wireless Performance Social Recent additions: Tinder Users Outaged As Machine Learning App Scrapes And Exposes 40,000 Profile Photos Merriam-Webster Adds ‘Sheeple’ To Dictionary Citing Apple Fans As Prime Examples Twitter Getting Rid Of The Default Egg Profile Picture That Has A Bad Actor Reputation VIDEOS All videos 2.5 Geeks Reviews/How Tos FORUMS BLOGS Shop Subscribe TRENDING: Vega AMD ThreadRipper AMD EPYC Microsoft Surface Radeon RX 580 Samsung Galaxy S8 home Mobile Gadgets by Dave Altavilla, Marco Chiappetta — Friday, April 24, 2015 Intel Showcases RealSense 3D Camera Apps, Devices, Cutting-Edge User Interfaces At New York Event Intel gathered a number of software developer and hardware manufacturing partners together this week in New York to showcase the latest technologies and innovations that Intel's RealSense 3D camera technology can enable. From new interactive gaming experiences to collaboration, 3D mapping and gesture control, the technology holds promise that could someday reinvent how we interact with PCs. The camera technology itself integrates a depth sensor and a full color 1080p HD camera together with standard technologies like dual array mics, but with an SDK, processing engine and 3rd party software that can allow the camera module to sense environmental variables, more like humans do. The Intel RealSense camera can detect hand gestures down to finger level accuracy, allowing complex control and new user interface techniques. It also understands facial features and movements that can then be processed to determine position and emotion. And finally it can detect foreground, background and other environmental characteristics to allow augmented reality processing and positioning of objects in 3D space. Intel's RealSense F200, Front Facing 3D Camera module, as found in notebooks and tablets... The technology is similar to what Microsoft developed with their Kinect sensor for the Xbox but it's significantly smaller and in some ways, more advanced for desktop PC and mobile computing applications. We've previously shown you a bit of what the rear-facing RealSense camera could do in Dell's Venue 8 7000 series tablet. But the star of Intel's event in NYC was the RealSense F200 front-facing module with real-time tracking and video capabilities, that's incorporated into notebooks and all-in-one systems. The rear-facing module in the Dell Venue 8 tablet is only for stills. Personify - Video Conferencing With "A Hint of Teleportation" As you can see in the video, Personify's video conferencing app was probably the most impressive demo we saw that day. It's actually a very cool, useful and efficient way to hold a video conference meeting or heck, maybe even a webcast. With the Personify app and an Intel RealSense-enabled machine, you can have up to five people on a web conference (current limitation) and as you can see their head shots are overlaid on to your desktop. From there, any person in the conference can share a window, application, video stream, their entire desktop or whatever they're running on their machine with any individual on the call of for all to see. We think we should use this for our "Two And A Half Geeks" webcast, yes? We'd be stylin' and oh-so geeky. Put your mug on a 3D-printed figurine or build yourself as a Klingon warrior? No problem.   One of the other things the F200 RealSense module enables is quick, inexpensive 3D mapping. In one of the demos at the event, 3DSystems was showing off their 3DMe app and service, which makes it quick and easy to make 3D models from virtually anything scanned with the RealSense camera. Someone's face, for instance, can be scanned in just a few seconds and mapped onto a 3D model for animations or even printed in a 3D printer.  The 3DMe service even offers customers the ability to have 3D models of themselves, mapped onto various characters, to be printed and painted--some of hte models are visible in the image above.  And if you'd like to see our very own Marco Chiappetta as a Klingon, check this out. Food Network's recipes can be browsed with gestures, sans your greasy chef hands. Representatives from the Food Network were on hand to show off the RealSense integration that recently launched on their website. Part of the RealSense software are browser plug-ins that let web developers leverage the camera's capabilities on-line. Food Network has integrated gesture and voice controls on their site that allow users to browse and view numerous recipes, play video tutorials, start timers, and scroll up and down the page, without even touching their systems.    Choice Provision's "Laserlife" - A trippy space game lets you resurrect memories of dead voyagers.   There were also a number of game developers on hand showing off their wares. Choice Provision's upcoming title "Laserlife" was one of the more innovative on hand. In the section of the game we were shown, the player is flying through space and encounters a dead, human astronaut. And by using various gestures and flying through the astronauts synapses, the player is able to piece together and ultimately manifest the astronaut's memories.  Definitely watch the video on this page to see this game in action--it's an original concept to say the least. Many of the applications we've shown you here are available, or will be available soon, in the Intel RealSense App Showcase. Though, you'll need a system with an Intel RealSense camera to take full advantage of them. Tags:  Intel, 3D, (NASDAQ:INTC), RealSense Via:  HotHardware, Intel Event Coverage Show comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Follow Us: Twitter Facebook RSS Email YouTube AppStore Google+ 85K 9K 4K 25K CONVERSATIONS Monster Intel 12-Core i9-7920X Leaked...34 AMD Radeon Vega Frontier Edition...20 Intel Kills Rumors Of ‘Confirmed’ GPU...12 Aquantia Launches Multi-Gigabit NICs For...11 AMD 16-Core ThreadRipper Enthusiast CPUs...11 AMD Ryzen 9 Threadripper Enthusiast CPU...10 Security Researcher Temporarily Stops...9 FEATURED Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review:... Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium... EVGA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti SC2 GAMING... Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big... MSI GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Gaming X 11G... Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice... Micron 5100 ECO and MAX SSD Review:... FAVORITES 6 TB Hard Drive Round-Up: WD Red, WD...781k Intel Core i7-6700K And Z170 Chipset...634k Intel SSD 750 Series PCIe SSD Review:...574k Dell XPS 13 (2015) Ultrabook Review,...549k AMD Ryzen Review: Ryzen 7 1800X, 1700X,...526k Alienware X51 R3 Review: Console-Sized...520k Alienware Area 51: Triad, Tri-SLI GTX...445k Getting A GeForce GTX 1080 Ti? Absolutely! No thanks Current NVIDIA card Current AMD card Vega for me Next GeForce please More Results MORE HOT HEADLINES IN MOBILE GoPro Fusion Spherical 360 Degree VR... Xiaomi's Arch Bests Galaxy Note Edge,... Luxury Watchmakers Obtain Court Orders... Follow @HotHardware SITE Home Reviews News Blogs Images Mobile Site Sitemap CATEGORIES Components Systems IT/Enterprise Mobile Leisure Videos COMPANY About Advertise News Tips Contact MORE Forums Shop STAY CONNECTED Twitter Facebook Google + YouTube Feedburner This site is intended for informational and entertainment purposes only. The contents are the views and opinion of the author and/or his associates. All products and trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Reproduction in whole or in part, in any form or medium, without express written permission of HotHardware.com, LLC. is prohibited. All content and graphical elements are Copyright © 1999 - 2017 David Altavilla and HotHardware.com, LLC. All rights reserved. Privacy and Terms Subscribe to HH News Alerts! Preview Email Address
SHOP MOBILE SITE SEND US TIPS JOIN LOG IN Search all All News Features Blogs Forums CATEGORIES Reviews News Blogs Images Shop COMPONENTS All Components Recent additions: AMD Ryzen 5 1600X And 1500X Processor Review: Affordable Zen Takes On Core i5 AMD Ryzen Game Optimization Begins: Ashes Of The Singularity Patched And Tested Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Benchmark First Look, A Mobile Powerhouse Emerges Processors Recent additions: AMD Ryzen 5 1600X And 1500X Processor Review: Affordable Zen Takes On Core i5 AMD Ryzen Game Optimization Begins: Ashes Of The Singularity Patched And Tested Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Benchmark First Look, A Mobile Powerhouse Emerges Graphics/Sound Recent additions: EVGA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti SC2 GAMING Review: Dialing-In On Performance NVIDIA Volta-Powered DGX-1 And DGX Station AI Supercomputers Debut At GTC 2017 MSI GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Gaming X 11G Review: Blazing-Fast And Custom Cooled Motherboards Recent additions: AMD Announces X300 And X370 AM4 Motherboards For Ryzen Processors, All Chips Unlocked Gigabyte Z170X-Designare Motherboard Review: Affordable, High-Tech, Great Performance Rivet Networks Killer E2500 Gigabit Ethernet For Gamers With Advanced QoS Tested Storage Recent additions: Micron 5100 ECO and MAX SSD Review: High-Capacity, Affordable Datacenter Storage Intel Optane Memory With 3D XPoint Review: Easy, Robust PC Acceleration Samsung EVO Plus microSDXC 128GB Card Rips File Transfers Up To 100MB/s Misc Recent additions: Hykso Punch Trackers Review: Boxing Meets Wearable Technology Netgear Nighthawk X10 Wireless AD7200 Router Review [Updated] The Best Of CES 2017 SYSTEMS All Systems Recent additions: Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big Gaming Performance In A Small Package Maingear Vybe Review: Dual GTX 1070s And Kaby Lake Cranked To 5GHz The Best Of CES 2017 Desktops Recent additions: Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big Gaming Performance In A Small Package Maingear Vybe Review: Dual GTX 1070s And Kaby Lake Cranked To 5GHz Dell XPS 27 (7760) All-In-One Desktop Review: 4K Touch And Wired For Sound DIY Recent additions: Gigabyte Brix S GB-BSi5HT-6200 Ultra Compact SFF PC Review New Matter MOD-t 3D Printer Review: Low Cost, User-Friendly Creation AMD Powered Star Wars Battlefront Radeon 380X-Powered Gaming PC Build Small Form Factor Recent additions: Lenovo Annouces ThinkStation P320 Workstations With Kaby Lake And Quadro Graphics For VR Developers Gigabyte BRIX Gaming UHD Review With Teardown And Rebuild Action Intel Compute Stick Core m3 Review: Skylake On A Thumbstick IT/ENTERPRISE All IT/Enterprise Recent additions: AMD Naples Zen Platform Makes ‘EPYC’ Debut For Data Center Market Intel Announces Xeon Scalable Processor Family Based On Skylake-SP Toshiba's Non-Encrypted HK4 SSDs Now Shipping In High Performance NetApp SolidFire Data Center Products Workstation Recent additions: Aquantia Launches Multi-Gigabit NICs For Enthusiast-Class PCs and Professional Workstations Intel Kaby Lake Xeon E3-1200 Family Takes Flight Lenovo Annouces ThinkStation P320 Workstations With Kaby Lake And Quadro Graphics For VR Developers Data Center/SMB Recent additions: AMD Naples Zen Platform Makes ‘EPYC’ Debut For Data Center Market Intel Announces Xeon Scalable Processor Family Based On Skylake-SP Toshiba's Non-Encrypted HK4 SSDs Now Shipping In High Performance NetApp SolidFire Data Center Products Cloud Recent additions: Microsoft Legal Marijuana Tracking Software Has A Serious Case Of The Munchies ProtectWise Builds Security As A Service Platform With DVR Playback And Jacks You Into The Matrix NVIDIA Launches GeForce NOW Game Streaming Service Software Recent additions: Microsoft CodePlex Open Source Repository Closing, Devs Urged To Embrace Github Microsoft Rolls Out Wake On LAN For Easier Remote Windows 10 Updates Google Chrome For macOS Gains Enhanced Safe Browsing Malware Protection MOBILE All Mobile Recent additions: Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review: Optimized Mobility Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium Android Productivity And Entertainment HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Notebooks Recent additions: Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review: Optimized Mobility HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming Review: Great Battery Life, Strong Performance, Affordable Price Smartphones Recent additions: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: Android Excellence In Performance And Design LG G6 Review: Design Elegance And Efficiency A Winning Combination Australian Regulators Sue Apple Over Fatal Error 53 Bricking Of Repaired iPhones Tablets Recent additions: Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium Android Productivity And Entertainment HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Dell XPS 13 2-In-1 Review - Portable And Flexible Living On The Infinity Edge Gadgets Recent additions: GoPro Fusion Spherical 360 Degree VR 5.2K Camera Launching 2H 2017 Hykso Punch Trackers Review: Boxing Meets Wearable Technology Amazfit Pace GPS Smartwatch Review: Sleek, Attractive, And Great Battery Life LEISURE All Leisure Recent additions: Sole Surviving Nintendo PlayStation Rare Prototype Is Now Fully Functional Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Razer Lancehead eSports Gaming Mouse Promises Unmatched Wireless Performance Entertainment Recent additions: Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Google Launches $35/Month YouTube TV Streaming Service For Discerning Cord Cutters NVIDIA SHIELD TV (2017) Review: Smart Home, 4K HDR, And Game Streaming Gaming Recent additions: Sole Surviving Nintendo PlayStation Rare Prototype Is Now Fully Functional Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Razer Lancehead eSports Gaming Mouse Promises Unmatched Wireless Performance Social Recent additions: Tinder Users Outaged As Machine Learning App Scrapes And Exposes 40,000 Profile Photos Merriam-Webster Adds ‘Sheeple’ To Dictionary Citing Apple Fans As Prime Examples Twitter Getting Rid Of The Default Egg Profile Picture That Has A Bad Actor Reputation VIDEOS All videos 2.5 Geeks Reviews/How Tos FORUMS BLOGS Shop Subscribe TRENDING: Vega AMD ThreadRipper AMD EPYC Microsoft Surface Radeon RX 580 Samsung Galaxy S8 home Mobile Smartphones by Marco Chiappetta — Wednesday, May 20, 2015 Asus ZenFone 2 Sneak Peek With Lollipop And Intel Atom Z3580 Inside Back in early January, during our coverage of the Consumer Electronics Show, we gave you all a first glimpse of the Asus ZenFone 2. For those unfamiliar with the ZenFone 2, it is an Intel-powered smartphone, rocking Android Lollipop, that’s compatible with AT&T and T-Mobile, and other cellular networks that utilize GSM technology, like Straight Talk, MetroPCS, and Cricket Wireless among others. Asus Offers The ZenFone 2 In A Handful Of Different Colors A couple of days ago, Asus held an event to officially launch the ZenFone 2 and announce availability in the U.S., and we left with one of the flagship versions of the phone in-hand. The ZenFone 2 pictured here is packing a quad-core Intel Atom Z3580 (2.3GHz) with PowerVR G6430 graphics and 4GB of RAM, along with Intel 7262 and Intel 2230 modem tech, a 5.5” FullHD screen, a 13MP rear camera, dual-SIM support and 802.11ac Wi-Fi. We are still working on our full review, but we thought you all would like a sneak peek at what the ZenFone 2 could do, considering it just went on sale, at very affordable price points. The high-end model you see here can be had for only $299, unlocked. A $199 version with 2GB of RAM and a slightly slower Intel Atom Z3560 is also available. In the JavaScript and web-browsing related SunSpider and BrowserMark tests, the ZenFone 2 performs well versus flagship devices from last year, though it can’t hang with some of the latest (and much more expensive) high-end devices. Still, its numbers here are quite good considering the ZenFone is 1/3 to 1/2 the price of some of the devices we used for comparison. Geekbench doesn’t paint the prettiest picture, with the ZenFone 2 coming in dead last in the single-threaded benchmark and just ahead of the iPhone 6 in the multi-threaded test, but we have to say that in general use the phone feels plenty snappy. The 4GB of RAM most certainly helps, because the phone is basically never starved for memory, even with multiple apps running. GPU testing puts the ZenFone 2 about in the middle of the pack, though it’s really only the Qualcomm Snapdragon 810-based HTC One M9 with a sizable lead—The ZenFone 2 is within striking distance of high-end devices like the Galaxy S 6 in the 3DMark Ice Storm test in terms of graphics performance, but physics performance is second from the top thanks to the Intel SoC.   A Flip Cover With Front Window Is Available For The ZenFone 2 We’ve still got lots of testing to do, but initial impressions of the Asus ZenFone 2 are quite good. It remains to be seen how well the camera holds up in various lighting conditions and how long the ZenFone 2’s battery will last, but we should have all of that data shortly. We can say the screen, while not terribly bright, is crisp and offers very good viewing angles. The phone is responsive to touch and hasn’t misbehaved at all in the few days we’ve been playing with it. And Asus’ tweaks to Android aren’t terribly intrusive, though it’s clearly not a “pure” Android experience. Still, considering how much money can be saved by buying an unlocked phone and not getting stuck with a new contract, and that Asus has priced the ZenFone 2 so aggressively, we think it’s going to be compelling to lots of users. Tags:  Intel, Asus, Android, Mobile, smartphone, Atom, Lollipop, zenfone 2, z3580 Via:  HotHardware Show comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Follow Us: Twitter Facebook RSS Email YouTube AppStore Google+ 85K 9K 4K 25K CONVERSATIONS Monster Intel 12-Core i9-7920X Leaked...34 AMD Radeon Vega Frontier Edition...20 Intel Kills Rumors Of ‘Confirmed’ GPU...12 Aquantia Launches Multi-Gigabit NICs For...11 AMD 16-Core ThreadRipper Enthusiast CPUs...11 AMD Ryzen 9 Threadripper Enthusiast CPU...10 Security Researcher Temporarily Stops...9 FEATURED Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review:... Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium... EVGA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti SC2 GAMING... Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big... MSI GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Gaming X 11G... Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice... Micron 5100 ECO and MAX SSD Review:... FAVORITES 6 TB Hard Drive Round-Up: WD Red, WD...781k Intel Core i7-6700K And Z170 Chipset...634k Intel SSD 750 Series PCIe SSD Review:...574k Dell XPS 13 (2015) Ultrabook Review,...549k AMD Ryzen Review: Ryzen 7 1800X, 1700X,...526k Alienware X51 R3 Review: Console-Sized...520k Alienware Area 51: Triad, Tri-SLI GTX...445k Getting A GeForce GTX 1080 Ti? Absolutely! No thanks Current NVIDIA card Current AMD card Vega for me Next GeForce please More Results MORE HOT HEADLINES IN MOBILE Australian Regulators Sue Apple Over... Samsung Galaxy S8 And S8+ Hands-On Demo... Google Assistant Makes Jump From Pixel... LG G6 Hands-On Preview: Compact And... Apple’s 10th Anniversary iPhone 8 With... Samsung Unpacks Galaxy S7 And Galaxy S7... Hands-On LG's V10 Dual Display... Follow @HotHardware SITE Home Reviews News Blogs Images Mobile Site Sitemap CATEGORIES Components Systems IT/Enterprise Mobile Leisure Videos COMPANY About Advertise News Tips Contact MORE Forums Shop STAY CONNECTED Twitter Facebook Google + YouTube Feedburner This site is intended for informational and entertainment purposes only. The contents are the views and opinion of the author and/or his associates. All products and trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Reproduction in whole or in part, in any form or medium, without express written permission of HotHardware.com, LLC. is prohibited. All content and graphical elements are Copyright © 1999 - 2017 David Altavilla and HotHardware.com, LLC. All rights reserved. Privacy and Terms Subscribe to HH News Alerts! Preview Email Address
SHOP MOBILE SITE SEND US TIPS JOIN LOG IN Search all All News Features Blogs Forums CATEGORIES Reviews News Blogs Images Shop COMPONENTS All Components Recent additions: AMD Ryzen 5 1600X And 1500X Processor Review: Affordable Zen Takes On Core i5 AMD Ryzen Game Optimization Begins: Ashes Of The Singularity Patched And Tested Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Benchmark First Look, A Mobile Powerhouse Emerges Processors Recent additions: AMD Ryzen 5 1600X And 1500X Processor Review: Affordable Zen Takes On Core i5 AMD Ryzen Game Optimization Begins: Ashes Of The Singularity Patched And Tested Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Benchmark First Look, A Mobile Powerhouse Emerges Graphics/Sound Recent additions: EVGA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti SC2 GAMING Review: Dialing-In On Performance NVIDIA Volta-Powered DGX-1 And DGX Station AI Supercomputers Debut At GTC 2017 MSI GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Gaming X 11G Review: Blazing-Fast And Custom Cooled Motherboards Recent additions: AMD Announces X300 And X370 AM4 Motherboards For Ryzen Processors, All Chips Unlocked Gigabyte Z170X-Designare Motherboard Review: Affordable, High-Tech, Great Performance Rivet Networks Killer E2500 Gigabit Ethernet For Gamers With Advanced QoS Tested Storage Recent additions: Micron 5100 ECO and MAX SSD Review: High-Capacity, Affordable Datacenter Storage Intel Optane Memory With 3D XPoint Review: Easy, Robust PC Acceleration Samsung EVO Plus microSDXC 128GB Card Rips File Transfers Up To 100MB/s Misc Recent additions: Hykso Punch Trackers Review: Boxing Meets Wearable Technology Netgear Nighthawk X10 Wireless AD7200 Router Review [Updated] The Best Of CES 2017 SYSTEMS All Systems Recent additions: Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big Gaming Performance In A Small Package Maingear Vybe Review: Dual GTX 1070s And Kaby Lake Cranked To 5GHz The Best Of CES 2017 Desktops Recent additions: Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big Gaming Performance In A Small Package Maingear Vybe Review: Dual GTX 1070s And Kaby Lake Cranked To 5GHz Dell XPS 27 (7760) All-In-One Desktop Review: 4K Touch And Wired For Sound DIY Recent additions: Gigabyte Brix S GB-BSi5HT-6200 Ultra Compact SFF PC Review New Matter MOD-t 3D Printer Review: Low Cost, User-Friendly Creation AMD Powered Star Wars Battlefront Radeon 380X-Powered Gaming PC Build Small Form Factor Recent additions: Lenovo Annouces ThinkStation P320 Workstations With Kaby Lake And Quadro Graphics For VR Developers Gigabyte BRIX Gaming UHD Review With Teardown And Rebuild Action Intel Compute Stick Core m3 Review: Skylake On A Thumbstick IT/ENTERPRISE All IT/Enterprise Recent additions: AMD Naples Zen Platform Makes ‘EPYC’ Debut For Data Center Market Intel Announces Xeon Scalable Processor Family Based On Skylake-SP Toshiba's Non-Encrypted HK4 SSDs Now Shipping In High Performance NetApp SolidFire Data Center Products Workstation Recent additions: Aquantia Launches Multi-Gigabit NICs For Enthusiast-Class PCs and Professional Workstations Intel Kaby Lake Xeon E3-1200 Family Takes Flight Lenovo Annouces ThinkStation P320 Workstations With Kaby Lake And Quadro Graphics For VR Developers Data Center/SMB Recent additions: AMD Naples Zen Platform Makes ‘EPYC’ Debut For Data Center Market Intel Announces Xeon Scalable Processor Family Based On Skylake-SP Toshiba's Non-Encrypted HK4 SSDs Now Shipping In High Performance NetApp SolidFire Data Center Products Cloud Recent additions: Microsoft Legal Marijuana Tracking Software Has A Serious Case Of The Munchies ProtectWise Builds Security As A Service Platform With DVR Playback And Jacks You Into The Matrix NVIDIA Launches GeForce NOW Game Streaming Service Software Recent additions: Microsoft CodePlex Open Source Repository Closing, Devs Urged To Embrace Github Microsoft Rolls Out Wake On LAN For Easier Remote Windows 10 Updates Google Chrome For macOS Gains Enhanced Safe Browsing Malware Protection MOBILE All Mobile Recent additions: Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review: Optimized Mobility Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium Android Productivity And Entertainment HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Notebooks Recent additions: Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review: Optimized Mobility HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming Review: Great Battery Life, Strong Performance, Affordable Price Smartphones Recent additions: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: Android Excellence In Performance And Design LG G6 Review: Design Elegance And Efficiency A Winning Combination Australian Regulators Sue Apple Over Fatal Error 53 Bricking Of Repaired iPhones Tablets Recent additions: Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium Android Productivity And Entertainment HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Dell XPS 13 2-In-1 Review - Portable And Flexible Living On The Infinity Edge Gadgets Recent additions: GoPro Fusion Spherical 360 Degree VR 5.2K Camera Launching 2H 2017 Hykso Punch Trackers Review: Boxing Meets Wearable Technology Amazfit Pace GPS Smartwatch Review: Sleek, Attractive, And Great Battery Life LEISURE All Leisure Recent additions: Sole Surviving Nintendo PlayStation Rare Prototype Is Now Fully Functional Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Razer Lancehead eSports Gaming Mouse Promises Unmatched Wireless Performance Entertainment Recent additions: Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Google Launches $35/Month YouTube TV Streaming Service For Discerning Cord Cutters NVIDIA SHIELD TV (2017) Review: Smart Home, 4K HDR, And Game Streaming Gaming Recent additions: Sole Surviving Nintendo PlayStation Rare Prototype Is Now Fully Functional Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Razer Lancehead eSports Gaming Mouse Promises Unmatched Wireless Performance Social Recent additions: Tinder Users Outaged As Machine Learning App Scrapes And Exposes 40,000 Profile Photos Merriam-Webster Adds ‘Sheeple’ To Dictionary Citing Apple Fans As Prime Examples Twitter Getting Rid Of The Default Egg Profile Picture That Has A Bad Actor Reputation VIDEOS All videos 2.5 Geeks Reviews/How Tos FORUMS BLOGS Shop Subscribe TRENDING: Vega AMD ThreadRipper AMD EPYC Microsoft Surface Radeon RX 580 Samsung Galaxy S8 home Components Processors by Dave Altavilla — Friday, January 09, 2015 Intel 5th Gen Core Series Performance Preview With Dell's Gorgeous XPS 13 Intel's strategically timed CES 2015 launch of their new 5th Generation Core Series processors for notebooks was met with a reasonably warm reception, though it's always difficult to rise above the noise, with the sea of announcements from competitors and the like. CES is always such a zoo and that's by design. Performance claims for Intel's new chip promise major gains in graphics and more modest increases in standard compute applications. However, the biggest bet Intel placed on the new Broadwell-U architecture is performance-per-watt throughput and battery life in premium notebook products that are now in production with major OEM partners like Lenovo, ASUS, Acer, Toshiba and Dell.  A few manufacturers were early out of the gate with new Core i5 5XXX series-based machines and Lenovo had a few interesting models to show off. However, none of the major players caught the same kind of buzz and fanfare that Dell received, with the introduction of their new XPS 13 Ultrabook, powered by Intel's 5th gen, Core i5 series processors.   Hipster "lifestyle" shot many manufacturers seem to think is cool, complete with coffee table. This year's XPS 13 model not only got a major upgrade at the component level with Intel's new Broadwell-U platform on board, but, as we've already shown you, Dell also decked-out the design of the XPS with a near bezel-less 13-inch WQHD (3200X1800) display packed into an 11-inch carbon fiber and aluminum frame. In short, the XPS 13 is a proverbial "schooling" in industrial design, the likes of which even those fancy-pants folks in Cupertino will be jonesing over. I couldn't resist taking a small jab at Intel and company in the caption, as we've grown a little weary of hearing about "lifestyle" and "Mommy Bloggers." No offense to the Mom's of course; we all know Moms rock, period. But hey, when it comes to hot tech and HOT hardware, Tech Influencers and Enthusiasts are where it's at. Mmmm... that luxurious carbon fiber feel just permeates our living room surroundings with a backlit keyboard and look Ma, almost no bezel! We'll be diving into a full, detailed review of the new, svelte, sleek and just 2.6 pound XPS 13 but for now, here's a quick benchmark tease. Dell's new machine is the first to hit our test bench with Intel's new Broadwell-U Core series processor pumping out the clock cycles. The direct comparison you want to draw here is between the Core i5-4200U and 4500U-powered devices and the Core i5-5200U-powered 2015 XPS 13 (4200U vs 5200U being "apples-to-apples"). Our shallow-threaded Lame MT audio encoding test shows a 10-15% edge for the Core i5-5200U versus its previous gen brethren, though Cinebench, especially the graphics-targeted OpenGL test, shows a more pronounced advantage for Broadwell-U.  Intel claims up to a 22% gain in graphics horsepower, with lower power consumption, so we're in the ballpark here. Hang on, time for another coffee table shot. Cue the mood music and backlit keyboard. 3DMark Cloud Gate turned out to be a bit of a snoozer for the Broadwell-U powered Dell XPS 13, but that test is a little easier on the throttle than something like Far Cry. In Far Cry 2, which is a DX10 based game benchmark, with reasonably stout graphics workloads (at least for an UItrabook), we see a performance advantage north of 18 percent for the XPS 13 and its Core i5-5200U, versus Core i5-4200U-powered notebook from last year. Once again, we're in the right zip code at least but there's more testing to come, with a DX11 title maybe and some additional productivity and content creation crunching as well. Alas, until then, more of the coffee table for you, and yeah, carbon fiber... Power brick? We don't need no stinking power brick. This near-phone charger sized thingy will do. We'll leave the hipster coffee table types alone now and get back to doing what we do best -- slicing and dicing performance profiles and real-world experience feedback, to give you a solid picture of the what the new 2015 Dell XPS 13 and its Intel 5th gen Core Series Broadwell-U processor are made of. Stay tuned for more with the Dell XPS 13 in the days ahead, and of course we'll have those all-important battery life numbers for you as well.  Tags:  Intel, Dell, Notebook, Mobile, benchmarks, Broadwell, broadwell-u, xps13, xps-13 Via:  HotHardware Mobile Show comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Follow Us: Twitter Facebook RSS Email YouTube AppStore Google+ 85K 9K 4K 25K CONVERSATIONS Monster Intel 12-Core i9-7920X Leaked...34 AMD Radeon Vega Frontier Edition...20 Intel Kills Rumors Of ‘Confirmed’ GPU...12 Aquantia Launches Multi-Gigabit NICs For...11 AMD 16-Core ThreadRipper Enthusiast CPUs...11 AMD Ryzen 9 Threadripper Enthusiast CPU...10 Security Researcher Temporarily Stops...9 FEATURED Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review:... Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium... EVGA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti SC2 GAMING... Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big... MSI GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Gaming X 11G... Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice... Micron 5100 ECO and MAX SSD Review:... FAVORITES 6 TB Hard Drive Round-Up: WD Red, WD...781k Intel Core i7-6700K And Z170 Chipset...634k Intel SSD 750 Series PCIe SSD Review:...574k Dell XPS 13 (2015) Ultrabook Review,...549k AMD Ryzen Review: Ryzen 7 1800X, 1700X,...526k Alienware X51 R3 Review: Console-Sized...520k Alienware Area 51: Triad, Tri-SLI GTX...445k Getting A GeForce GTX 1080 Ti? Absolutely! No thanks Current NVIDIA card Current AMD card Vega for me Next GeForce please More Results MORE HOT HEADLINES IN COMPONENTS AMD Ryzen 5 Processors Unveiled, 4 and... LG G6 Hands-On Preview: Compact And... AMD Demos Ryzen 7 Benchmarks Smoking... Hands-On With The Dell Inspiron 15... Hands On With Dell's XPS 13 2-in-1... AMD To Attack Performance Desktop Market... Here's Why Intel Kaby Lake And AMD Zen... Follow @HotHardware SITE Home Reviews News Blogs Images Mobile Site Sitemap CATEGORIES Components Systems IT/Enterprise Mobile Leisure Videos COMPANY About Advertise News Tips Contact MORE Forums Shop STAY CONNECTED Twitter Facebook Google + YouTube Feedburner This site is intended for informational and entertainment purposes only. The contents are the views and opinion of the author and/or his associates. All products and trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Reproduction in whole or in part, in any form or medium, without express written permission of HotHardware.com, LLC. is prohibited. All content and graphical elements are Copyright © 1999 - 2017 David Altavilla and HotHardware.com, LLC. All rights reserved. Privacy and Terms Subscribe to HH News Alerts! Preview Email Address
SHOP MOBILE SITE SEND US TIPS JOIN LOG IN Search all All News Features Blogs Forums CATEGORIES Reviews News Blogs Images Shop COMPONENTS All Components Recent additions: AMD Ryzen 5 1600X And 1500X Processor Review: Affordable Zen Takes On Core i5 AMD Ryzen Game Optimization Begins: Ashes Of The Singularity Patched And Tested Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Benchmark First Look, A Mobile Powerhouse Emerges Processors Recent additions: AMD Ryzen 5 1600X And 1500X Processor Review: Affordable Zen Takes On Core i5 AMD Ryzen Game Optimization Begins: Ashes Of The Singularity Patched And Tested Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Benchmark First Look, A Mobile Powerhouse Emerges Graphics/Sound Recent additions: EVGA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti SC2 GAMING Review: Dialing-In On Performance NVIDIA Volta-Powered DGX-1 And DGX Station AI Supercomputers Debut At GTC 2017 MSI GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Gaming X 11G Review: Blazing-Fast And Custom Cooled Motherboards Recent additions: AMD Announces X300 And X370 AM4 Motherboards For Ryzen Processors, All Chips Unlocked Gigabyte Z170X-Designare Motherboard Review: Affordable, High-Tech, Great Performance Rivet Networks Killer E2500 Gigabit Ethernet For Gamers With Advanced QoS Tested Storage Recent additions: Micron 5100 ECO and MAX SSD Review: High-Capacity, Affordable Datacenter Storage Intel Optane Memory With 3D XPoint Review: Easy, Robust PC Acceleration Samsung EVO Plus microSDXC 128GB Card Rips File Transfers Up To 100MB/s Misc Recent additions: Hykso Punch Trackers Review: Boxing Meets Wearable Technology Netgear Nighthawk X10 Wireless AD7200 Router Review [Updated] The Best Of CES 2017 SYSTEMS All Systems Recent additions: Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big Gaming Performance In A Small Package Maingear Vybe Review: Dual GTX 1070s And Kaby Lake Cranked To 5GHz The Best Of CES 2017 Desktops Recent additions: Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big Gaming Performance In A Small Package Maingear Vybe Review: Dual GTX 1070s And Kaby Lake Cranked To 5GHz Dell XPS 27 (7760) All-In-One Desktop Review: 4K Touch And Wired For Sound DIY Recent additions: Gigabyte Brix S GB-BSi5HT-6200 Ultra Compact SFF PC Review New Matter MOD-t 3D Printer Review: Low Cost, User-Friendly Creation AMD Powered Star Wars Battlefront Radeon 380X-Powered Gaming PC Build Small Form Factor Recent additions: Lenovo Annouces ThinkStation P320 Workstations With Kaby Lake And Quadro Graphics For VR Developers Gigabyte BRIX Gaming UHD Review With Teardown And Rebuild Action Intel Compute Stick Core m3 Review: Skylake On A Thumbstick IT/ENTERPRISE All IT/Enterprise Recent additions: AMD Naples Zen Platform Makes ‘EPYC’ Debut For Data Center Market Intel Announces Xeon Scalable Processor Family Based On Skylake-SP Toshiba's Non-Encrypted HK4 SSDs Now Shipping In High Performance NetApp SolidFire Data Center Products Workstation Recent additions: Aquantia Launches Multi-Gigabit NICs For Enthusiast-Class PCs and Professional Workstations Intel Kaby Lake Xeon E3-1200 Family Takes Flight Lenovo Annouces ThinkStation P320 Workstations With Kaby Lake And Quadro Graphics For VR Developers Data Center/SMB Recent additions: AMD Naples Zen Platform Makes ‘EPYC’ Debut For Data Center Market Intel Announces Xeon Scalable Processor Family Based On Skylake-SP Toshiba's Non-Encrypted HK4 SSDs Now Shipping In High Performance NetApp SolidFire Data Center Products Cloud Recent additions: Microsoft Legal Marijuana Tracking Software Has A Serious Case Of The Munchies ProtectWise Builds Security As A Service Platform With DVR Playback And Jacks You Into The Matrix NVIDIA Launches GeForce NOW Game Streaming Service Software Recent additions: Microsoft CodePlex Open Source Repository Closing, Devs Urged To Embrace Github Microsoft Rolls Out Wake On LAN For Easier Remote Windows 10 Updates Google Chrome For macOS Gains Enhanced Safe Browsing Malware Protection MOBILE All Mobile Recent additions: Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review: Optimized Mobility Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium Android Productivity And Entertainment HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Notebooks Recent additions: Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review: Optimized Mobility HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming Review: Great Battery Life, Strong Performance, Affordable Price Smartphones Recent additions: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: Android Excellence In Performance And Design LG G6 Review: Design Elegance And Efficiency A Winning Combination Australian Regulators Sue Apple Over Fatal Error 53 Bricking Of Repaired iPhones Tablets Recent additions: Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium Android Productivity And Entertainment HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Dell XPS 13 2-In-1 Review - Portable And Flexible Living On The Infinity Edge Gadgets Recent additions: GoPro Fusion Spherical 360 Degree VR 5.2K Camera Launching 2H 2017 Hykso Punch Trackers Review: Boxing Meets Wearable Technology Amazfit Pace GPS Smartwatch Review: Sleek, Attractive, And Great Battery Life LEISURE All Leisure Recent additions: Sole Surviving Nintendo PlayStation Rare Prototype Is Now Fully Functional Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Razer Lancehead eSports Gaming Mouse Promises Unmatched Wireless Performance Entertainment Recent additions: Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Google Launches $35/Month YouTube TV Streaming Service For Discerning Cord Cutters NVIDIA SHIELD TV (2017) Review: Smart Home, 4K HDR, And Game Streaming Gaming Recent additions: Sole Surviving Nintendo PlayStation Rare Prototype Is Now Fully Functional Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Razer Lancehead eSports Gaming Mouse Promises Unmatched Wireless Performance Social Recent additions: Tinder Users Outaged As Machine Learning App Scrapes And Exposes 40,000 Profile Photos Merriam-Webster Adds ‘Sheeple’ To Dictionary Citing Apple Fans As Prime Examples Twitter Getting Rid Of The Default Egg Profile Picture That Has A Bad Actor Reputation VIDEOS All videos 2.5 Geeks Reviews/How Tos FORUMS BLOGS Shop Subscribe TRENDING: Vega AMD ThreadRipper AMD EPYC Microsoft Surface Radeon RX 580 Samsung Galaxy S8 home Mobile Tablets by Dave Altavilla and Marco Chiappetta — Tuesday, January 20, 2015 On Test The Track With Dell's Venue 8 7000 And Intel's Moorefield Dell has been strategically setting-up their new Venue 8 7000 tablet for cameo appearances over the past few months, starting back at Intel Developer's Forum in September of last year, then again at Dell World in November, and of course at CES 2015. At each event we got some hands-on time with Dell's interesting new tablet and the Intel Moorefield Atom platform that powers it, along with Intel's RealSense camera setup, but until this week we haven't gotten much more than a few spare minutes kicking the tires. However, upon our return from CES in Las Vegas last week, Dell had a couple of packages waiting on our doorsteps, which included both the hot new 2015 Dell XPS 13 ultrabook and their new darling tablet as well. We've been busy putting both devices through their paces this week and have some preliminary numbers with the Venue 8 7000 to share. What's interesting about this new device, in addition to Intel's RealSense camera is its Atom Z3580 quad-core processor, which is based on Intel's latest Moorefield architecture. The Dell Venue 8 7000's IDF Appearance Moorefield expands on Intel's Merrifield Atom feature set and offers two additional CPU cores with up to a 2.3GHz clock speed, an enhanced PowerVR 6430 GPU and support of faster LPDDR3-1600 memory. Moorefield is also built for Intel’s XMM 7260 LTE modem platform, which supports carrier aggregation. First, let's give you a video walk-around the device, then we'll get into some preliminary performance numbers... As you can see, Dell's new $399 tablet isn't starving for bandwidth in general use, providing a smooth, responsive performance during our demo here. But what do some of the actual benchmark numbers look like? We thought you'd never ask.  Okay, we thought you'd ask, actually... The Dell Venue 8 7000 and Intel's Moorefield Atom Z3580 put up a strong showing, but can't catch NVIDIA's latest Tegra K1 SoC in the SHIELD Tablet, nor Apple's A8X in the iPad Air 2. Moorefield appears to offer performance somewhere in between Qualcomm's Snapdragon 801 and the 805, but south of the latest SoCs from NVIDIA and Apple. Let's look at some additional workloads, with some general compute mixed in as well, with AnTuTu. AnTuTu's v5.6 general compute and system benchmark shows Venue 8 7000 in the lead... AnTuTu's graphics tests are fairly light-duty and paint the new Venue 8 7000 and Intel's Moorefield in a more favorable light. In addition we see stronger memory bandwidth for Moorefield over Tegra K1 but slightly less FPU performance and comparable integer performance. Overall, Moorefield is able to just edge-out TK1 in this test. Regardless, it appears Intel is closing the gap in terms of its Atom-based tablet solution performance.   What's perhaps equally interesting and impressive about the new Dell Venue 8 7000 is its wafer-thin and light frame and beautiful 2560x1600 OLED display. At just 6 millimeters thin and .67 pounds, the Venue 8 7000 is one of the thinnest lightest 8-inch slates currently on the market. Stay tuned for more as we dive into our full review with the Dell Venue 8 7000 in the weeks ahead. Tags:  Intel, Dell, Android, Venue, (NASDAQ:INTC), Moorefield, (nasdaq:goog), venue-8-7000 Via:  HotHardware Show comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Follow Us: Twitter Facebook RSS Email YouTube AppStore Google+ 85K 9K 4K 25K CONVERSATIONS Monster Intel 12-Core i9-7920X Leaked...34 AMD Radeon Vega Frontier Edition...20 Intel Kills Rumors Of ‘Confirmed’ GPU...12 Aquantia Launches Multi-Gigabit NICs For...11 AMD 16-Core ThreadRipper Enthusiast CPUs...11 AMD Ryzen 9 Threadripper Enthusiast CPU...10 Security Researcher Temporarily Stops...9 FEATURED Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review:... Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium... EVGA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti SC2 GAMING... Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big... MSI GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Gaming X 11G... Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice... Micron 5100 ECO and MAX SSD Review:... FAVORITES 6 TB Hard Drive Round-Up: WD Red, WD...781k Intel Core i7-6700K And Z170 Chipset...634k Intel SSD 750 Series PCIe SSD Review:...574k Dell XPS 13 (2015) Ultrabook Review,...549k AMD Ryzen Review: Ryzen 7 1800X, 1700X,...526k Alienware X51 R3 Review: Console-Sized...520k Alienware Area 51: Triad, Tri-SLI GTX...445k Getting A GeForce GTX 1080 Ti? Absolutely! No thanks Current NVIDIA card Current AMD card Vega for me Next GeForce please More Results MORE HOT HEADLINES IN MOBILE LG G6 Hands-On Preview: Compact And... Hands-On With The Dell Inspiron 15... Hands On With Dell's XPS 13 2-in-1... Alienware 13 With OLED: Hands-On The... Samsung Unpacks Galaxy S7 And Galaxy S7... Qualcomm Unleashes Snapdragon 820 With... Battle Of The Hybrids: Microsoft,... Follow @HotHardware SITE Home Reviews News Blogs Images Mobile Site Sitemap CATEGORIES Components Systems IT/Enterprise Mobile Leisure Videos COMPANY About Advertise News Tips Contact MORE Forums Shop STAY CONNECTED Twitter Facebook Google + YouTube Feedburner This site is intended for informational and entertainment purposes only. The contents are the views and opinion of the author and/or his associates. All products and trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Reproduction in whole or in part, in any form or medium, without express written permission of HotHardware.com, LLC. is prohibited. All content and graphical elements are Copyright © 1999 - 2017 David Altavilla and HotHardware.com, LLC. All rights reserved. Privacy and Terms Subscribe to HH News Alerts! Preview Email Address
SHOP MOBILE SITE SEND US TIPS JOIN LOG IN Search all All News Features Blogs Forums CATEGORIES Reviews News Blogs Images Shop COMPONENTS All Components Recent additions: AMD Ryzen 5 1600X And 1500X Processor Review: Affordable Zen Takes On Core i5 AMD Ryzen Game Optimization Begins: Ashes Of The Singularity Patched And Tested Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Benchmark First Look, A Mobile Powerhouse Emerges Processors Recent additions: AMD Ryzen 5 1600X And 1500X Processor Review: Affordable Zen Takes On Core i5 AMD Ryzen Game Optimization Begins: Ashes Of The Singularity Patched And Tested Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Benchmark First Look, A Mobile Powerhouse Emerges Graphics/Sound Recent additions: EVGA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti SC2 GAMING Review: Dialing-In On Performance NVIDIA Volta-Powered DGX-1 And DGX Station AI Supercomputers Debut At GTC 2017 MSI GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Gaming X 11G Review: Blazing-Fast And Custom Cooled Motherboards Recent additions: AMD Announces X300 And X370 AM4 Motherboards For Ryzen Processors, All Chips Unlocked Gigabyte Z170X-Designare Motherboard Review: Affordable, High-Tech, Great Performance Rivet Networks Killer E2500 Gigabit Ethernet For Gamers With Advanced QoS Tested Storage Recent additions: Micron 5100 ECO and MAX SSD Review: High-Capacity, Affordable Datacenter Storage Intel Optane Memory With 3D XPoint Review: Easy, Robust PC Acceleration Samsung EVO Plus microSDXC 128GB Card Rips File Transfers Up To 100MB/s Misc Recent additions: Hykso Punch Trackers Review: Boxing Meets Wearable Technology Netgear Nighthawk X10 Wireless AD7200 Router Review [Updated] The Best Of CES 2017 SYSTEMS All Systems Recent additions: Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big Gaming Performance In A Small Package Maingear Vybe Review: Dual GTX 1070s And Kaby Lake Cranked To 5GHz The Best Of CES 2017 Desktops Recent additions: Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big Gaming Performance In A Small Package Maingear Vybe Review: Dual GTX 1070s And Kaby Lake Cranked To 5GHz Dell XPS 27 (7760) All-In-One Desktop Review: 4K Touch And Wired For Sound DIY Recent additions: Gigabyte Brix S GB-BSi5HT-6200 Ultra Compact SFF PC Review New Matter MOD-t 3D Printer Review: Low Cost, User-Friendly Creation AMD Powered Star Wars Battlefront Radeon 380X-Powered Gaming PC Build Small Form Factor Recent additions: Lenovo Annouces ThinkStation P320 Workstations With Kaby Lake And Quadro Graphics For VR Developers Gigabyte BRIX Gaming UHD Review With Teardown And Rebuild Action Intel Compute Stick Core m3 Review: Skylake On A Thumbstick IT/ENTERPRISE All IT/Enterprise Recent additions: AMD Naples Zen Platform Makes ‘EPYC’ Debut For Data Center Market Intel Announces Xeon Scalable Processor Family Based On Skylake-SP Toshiba's Non-Encrypted HK4 SSDs Now Shipping In High Performance NetApp SolidFire Data Center Products Workstation Recent additions: Aquantia Launches Multi-Gigabit NICs For Enthusiast-Class PCs and Professional Workstations Intel Kaby Lake Xeon E3-1200 Family Takes Flight Lenovo Annouces ThinkStation P320 Workstations With Kaby Lake And Quadro Graphics For VR Developers Data Center/SMB Recent additions: AMD Naples Zen Platform Makes ‘EPYC’ Debut For Data Center Market Intel Announces Xeon Scalable Processor Family Based On Skylake-SP Toshiba's Non-Encrypted HK4 SSDs Now Shipping In High Performance NetApp SolidFire Data Center Products Cloud Recent additions: Microsoft Legal Marijuana Tracking Software Has A Serious Case Of The Munchies ProtectWise Builds Security As A Service Platform With DVR Playback And Jacks You Into The Matrix NVIDIA Launches GeForce NOW Game Streaming Service Software Recent additions: Microsoft CodePlex Open Source Repository Closing, Devs Urged To Embrace Github Microsoft Rolls Out Wake On LAN For Easier Remote Windows 10 Updates Google Chrome For macOS Gains Enhanced Safe Browsing Malware Protection MOBILE All Mobile Recent additions: Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review: Optimized Mobility Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium Android Productivity And Entertainment HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Notebooks Recent additions: Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review: Optimized Mobility HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming Review: Great Battery Life, Strong Performance, Affordable Price Smartphones Recent additions: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: Android Excellence In Performance And Design LG G6 Review: Design Elegance And Efficiency A Winning Combination Australian Regulators Sue Apple Over Fatal Error 53 Bricking Of Repaired iPhones Tablets Recent additions: Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium Android Productivity And Entertainment HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Dell XPS 13 2-In-1 Review - Portable And Flexible Living On The Infinity Edge Gadgets Recent additions: GoPro Fusion Spherical 360 Degree VR 5.2K Camera Launching 2H 2017 Hykso Punch Trackers Review: Boxing Meets Wearable Technology Amazfit Pace GPS Smartwatch Review: Sleek, Attractive, And Great Battery Life LEISURE All Leisure Recent additions: Sole Surviving Nintendo PlayStation Rare Prototype Is Now Fully Functional Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Razer Lancehead eSports Gaming Mouse Promises Unmatched Wireless Performance Entertainment Recent additions: Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Google Launches $35/Month YouTube TV Streaming Service For Discerning Cord Cutters NVIDIA SHIELD TV (2017) Review: Smart Home, 4K HDR, And Game Streaming Gaming Recent additions: Sole Surviving Nintendo PlayStation Rare Prototype Is Now Fully Functional Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Razer Lancehead eSports Gaming Mouse Promises Unmatched Wireless Performance Social Recent additions: Tinder Users Outaged As Machine Learning App Scrapes And Exposes 40,000 Profile Photos Merriam-Webster Adds ‘Sheeple’ To Dictionary Citing Apple Fans As Prime Examples Twitter Getting Rid Of The Default Egg Profile Picture That Has A Bad Actor Reputation VIDEOS All videos 2.5 Geeks Reviews/How Tos FORUMS BLOGS Shop Subscribe TRENDING: Vega AMD ThreadRipper AMD EPYC Microsoft Surface Radeon RX 580 Samsung Galaxy S8 home Components Processors by Dave Altavilla — Friday, January 27, 2017 Benchmarking Intel Kaby Lake-Y With Dell's XPS 13 2-in-1 Article Index:    Intel Kaby Lake-Y: 4.5 Watts With 7 Watts TDP-Up For Performance Bursts Intel Kaby Lake-Y Graphics And Gaming Performance Intel Kaby Lake-Y: 4.5 Watts With 7 Watts TDP-Up For Performance Bursts Intel has been gradually rolling out its 7th generation Kaby Lake-based Core series processors for an array of computing platforms, from desktops to notebooks and 2-in-1 hybrid devices. We've shown you what Kaby Lake can do for enthusiast and gamer desktop platforms. We've even recently explored optimizing its price/performance ratio through overclocking, and of course, Kaby Lake notebooks led Intel's charge starting in the summer of last year. What we haven't gotten a chance to look at yet is Intel's lowest powered Kaby Lake variant, known as Kaby Lake-Y. Kaby Lake-Y is the the 4.5 - 7 Watt family of processors intended for thin and light, fanless 2-in-1 devices. Fortunately, since this little fella just showed up, we now can offer you a view of performance with the complete Kaby Lake family lineage, at least as it currently exists today...  Dell's XPS 13 2-in-1 - Review In Progress - A Super-Svelte Beauty That's the XPS 13 2-in-1, a 2.7 pound, thinner and lighter version of Dell's venerable 13-inch premium notebook, now with a 360-degree hinge. It also has a smaller 45 Whr battery versus the standard XPS 13's 60 Whr power plant. However, it shares lots of common design features, like the same gorgeous 400-nits 13.3" Infinity Edge display, a PCI Express Solid State Drive, and tasty carbon fiber composite and machined aluminum construction.  However, in what some might consider a bold move for an "XPS" branded product, Dell elected to go with Intel's low power Kaby Lake-Y series of processors, versus the traditional U series commonly found in premium thin notebook designs. Dell did work significant optimizations into the design though, taking advantage of Kaby Lake's TDP-up feature that allow the 4.5 Watt processor to boost higher in Dynamic Power Mode to a 7 Watt power envelope. In addition, Dell took that capability a step further and engineered the XPS 13 2-In-1 to be able to boost to a 9 Watt TDP for short bursts, with a healthy 3.6GHz top end clock speed. Above is a shot of the full Intel Kaby Lake lineage, though what you don't see here is what Intel typically introduces a year or so down the road from initial launch, which are the big iron E-series chips, as the company rolled out fairly recently with Broadwell-E and eventually will for Skylake-E. What we're looking at today is what Kaby Lake can do in its most power-optimized incarnation in the Y-Series family, which is designed for 2-in-1 convertible machines, which are often fanless designs, like Dell's new XPS 13 2-in-1. What Dell sent us was a carefully selected setup with the following specs: XPS 13 2-In-1 Model 9365 Core i7-7Y75 with 4MB Cache, Up To 3.6GHz 8GB LPDDR3-1866MHz 256GB PCIe SSD 1920x1080 FHD Touch Display MSRP $1299 (As tested, starting at $999) That Core i7-7Y75 is the top-end Kaby Lake-Y CPU Intel has to offer currently and Dell pushes it even further in the XPS 13 2-In-1's design to a 9 Watt peak power envelope. We would be remiss if we didn't point out that, yes, Intel has done away almost completely with the "Core m" moniker with Kaby Lake, choosing instead to denote the series in the root of the model number, like it does with the U series (as in Core i7-7Y75). However, the company does list lower-end Core m3 variants of Kaby Lake as such, while i5 and i7 higher-end SKUs are only distinguishable with the Y in the root of the model number. Clear as mud right?  Regardless, here's a quick peek, ahead of our soon-to-be-published full review, of what this new machine can do and what the fastest Kaby Lake-Y setup you can likely buy today can offer in terms of comparable performance.  In these two tests, we see the Dell XPS 13 2-In-1, along with its goosed-up Kaby Lake Core i7-7Y75 chip, take on the likes of full fledged Kaby Lake U series chips like the Core i7-7500U in the standard Dell XPS 13 and ASUS ZenBook 3. As you can see, this new Dell machine hangs with its U-series counterparts just fine, in a virtual dead-heat in SunSpider and a respectable top 3 showing in PCMark 8. In PCMark, the Core i7-7Y75 does line up more akin to last generation Haswell-U 6th generation processors, like the Core i7-6500U and Core i5-6200U, but it's not far behind Kaby Lake U in this test. NEXT PAGE Article Index:    Intel Kaby Lake-Y: 4.5 Watts With 7 Watts TDP-Up For Performance Bursts Intel Kaby Lake-Y Graphics And Gaming Performance Tags:  Intel, Dell, XPS, (NASDAQ:INTC), kaby lake, xps 13 2-in-1 Image gallery Related content Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review: Optimized Mobility Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium Android Productivity And Entertainment HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: Android Excellence In Performance And Design AMD Ryzen 5 1600X And 1500X Processor Review: Affordable Zen Takes On Core i5 Comments Show comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Follow Us: Twitter Facebook RSS Email YouTube AppStore Google+ 85K 9K 4K 25K CONVERSATIONS Monster Intel 12-Core i9-7920X Leaked...34 AMD Radeon Vega Frontier Edition...20 Intel Kills Rumors Of ‘Confirmed’ GPU...12 Aquantia Launches Multi-Gigabit NICs For...11 AMD 16-Core ThreadRipper Enthusiast CPUs...11 AMD Ryzen 9 Threadripper Enthusiast CPU...10 Security Researcher Temporarily Stops...9 FEATURED Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review:... Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium... EVGA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti SC2 GAMING... Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big... MSI GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Gaming X 11G... Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice... Micron 5100 ECO and MAX SSD Review:... FAVORITES 6 TB Hard Drive Round-Up: WD Red, WD...781k Intel Core i7-6700K And Z170 Chipset...634k Intel SSD 750 Series PCIe SSD Review:...574k Dell XPS 13 (2015) Ultrabook Review,...549k AMD Ryzen Review: Ryzen 7 1800X, 1700X,...526k Alienware X51 R3 Review: Console-Sized...520k Alienware Area 51: Triad, Tri-SLI GTX...445k Getting A GeForce GTX 1080 Ti? Absolutely! No thanks Current NVIDIA card Current AMD card Vega for me Next GeForce please More Results MORE HOT STUFF IN COMPONENTS Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review:... Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium... HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile,... Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: Android... AMD Ryzen 5 1600X And 1500X Processor... LG G6 Review: Design Elegance And... Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming Review:... Follow @HotHardware SITE Home Reviews News Blogs Images Mobile Site Sitemap CATEGORIES Components Systems IT/Enterprise Mobile Leisure Videos COMPANY About Advertise News Tips Contact MORE Forums Shop STAY CONNECTED Twitter Facebook Google + YouTube Feedburner This site is intended for informational and entertainment purposes only. The contents are the views and opinion of the author and/or his associates. All products and trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Reproduction in whole or in part, in any form or medium, without express written permission of HotHardware.com, LLC. is prohibited. All content and graphical elements are Copyright © 1999 - 2017 David Altavilla and HotHardware.com, LLC. All rights reserved. Privacy and Terms Subscribe to HH News Alerts! Preview Email Address
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Epigenetics takes center stage with this years Addiction Science Awards Printer-friendly version NIDA announces awardees at the 2017 Intel International Science and Engineering Fair. First place winner of the 2017 Addiction Science Award (L to R): Judges Drs. Eric Hayden and Chris Evans, 1st place winner Anusha Zaman, and Judge Dr. Mitchell Wong A project applying the science of epigenetics to demonstrate the health dangers of hookah smoke won a first-place Addiction Science Award at the 2017 Intel International Science and Engineering Fair (ISEF) — the world’s largest science competition for high school students. The awards are coordinated by the National Institute on Drug Abuse (NIDA), part of the National Institutes of Health, and Friends of NIDA, a coalition that supports NIDA’s mission. The Intel ISEF Addiction Science Awards were presented at a ceremony Thursday night at the downtown Convention Center in Los Angeles. The first and second place awards went to students using epigenetics—how the environment can change gene expression. First place went to 16-year-old Anusha Zaman from the Baton Rouge Magnet High School in Louisiana, for her project, Epigenetic and Biotransformation Effects of Hookah Smoke Extract on Human Oral Keratinocytes. The high school sophomore analyzed the effect of wet and dry hookah smoke extracts on epithelial cells taken from inside human mouths. She discovered that hookah smoke induces potentially detrimental cellular responses relevant to inflammation and cancer. Her findings suggest that hookah smoke produces adverse health effects similar to those produced by cigarette smoke. The second place award went to Nkima Stephenson from Conyers, Georgia, for her project, Data Analysis of the Epigenetics of Drug and Alcohol Dependence. The 18-year-old senior from the Rockdale Magnet School for Science and Technology used the GeneWeaver database, which allows a functional analysis across multiple species through homology mapping. Using both human and rodent data, she compared data sets containing genes directly related to alcohol exposure, to sets containing genes modified by environmental influences, but also related to alcohol exposure. In doing so, she identified genetic and environmental factors that could signify a predisposition to addiction. Thanks to her work, the database now contains a more extensive collection of information that could be useful to other researchers studying substance use disorders.  “We are delighted that these students are discovering the potential of epigenetic research to study the effects of drugs on our brain and our body, including those that result in addiction,” said NIDA Director Nora D. Volkow, M.D. Third place went to Kashfia Rahman from Brookings High School in Brookings, South Dakota for her project The Dynamics of Habituation: A Neural Study of the Effects of Repeated Exposures to Risky Behaviors on Cognitive Control and Emotional Responses in the Adolescent Brain. The 17-year-old junior used a comprehensive series of measures to test the process of habituation, where the perception of risk decreases incrementally each time the teen is exposed to a decision about a dangerous behavior. She tested many components of risky behaviors and in some subjects even used a portable EEG technology to measure emotional responses. She concluded that repeated risky exposures can desensitize associated negative responses, explaining why teens take risks when they know a behavior is dangerous.  The Friends of NIDA provides funding for the awards as part of its ongoing support of research into the causes, consequences, prevention, and treatment of drug abuse and addiction. “It is impressive to see so many high-quality projects related to addiction science this year,” said William Dewey, Ph.D., president and chair of the Executive Committee, Friends of NIDA, as well as the Louis S. and Ruth S. Harris Professor and chair, Department of Pharmacology and Toxicology, Virginia Commonwealth University, Richmond. “In fact, to recognize as many of these young scientists as possible, we took the unusual step of awarding three Honorable Mentions this year.” Honorable Mentions were awarded to 18-year-old Anuj Gupta from Roslyn High School in Roslyn Heights, New York for Do Parents Really Know Best? Investigating the Relationship between Perceived Parental Goals and Academic Factors; Dilge Kocabas (age 17) and Dilara Alev Ortel (age 19) from the Takev Fen Lisesi School in Izmir Narlidere, Turkey for Illegal Substance Biodetectives: Apta-Liposomes; and 15-year-old Caleb Martonfi from Tuscumbia High School in Tuscumbia, Missouri for And the Winner Is…Developing a Computer Program to Investigate Neural Competition with Multimodal Stimuli. In referring to all of the awardees, Dr. Volkow commented, “It’s very gratifying to see the creative contributions that these young researchers are already making to the science of drugs and substance use disorders, including the factors that might underlie vulnerability for drug-taking.” Judges for this year’s Addiction Science Awards included three NIDA grantees from the University of California at Los Angeles (UCLA): Drs. Chris Evans, Vivek Shetty, and Mitchell Wong, as well as UCLA neuroscientist Dr. Eric Hayden. This year, about 1,800 students from more than 75 countries, regions and territories participated in the Intel ISEF competition, coordinated by the Society for Science and the Public. The nonprofit organization partners with Intel—along with dozens of other corporate, academic, government and science-focused sponsors — to provide support and awards each year. Addiction Science winners receive cash awards provided by individual scientists in the field through Friends of NIDA, with a $2,500 scholarship for the first-place honoree, $1,500 for second place and $1,000 for the third-place distinction. NIDA has developed a special section on its website, which includes other resources on addiction science, to highlight the winning projects and to help science fair entrants understand the criteria for the awards: The NIDA Science Fair Award for Addiction Science. About the National Institute on Drug Abuse (NIDA): The National Institute on Drug Abuse (NIDA) is a component of the National Institutes of Health, U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. NIDA supports most of the world’s research on the health aspects of drug use and addiction. The Institute carries out a large variety of programs to inform policy, improve practice, and advance addiction science. Fact sheets on the health effects of drugs and information on NIDA research and other activities can be found at www.drugabuse.gov, which is now compatible with your smartphone, iPad or tablet. To order publications in English or Spanish, call NIDA’s DrugPubs research dissemination center at 1-877-NIDA-NIH or 240-645-0228 (TDD) or email requests to drugpubs@nida.nih.gov. Online ordering is available at drugpubs.drugabuse.gov. NIDA’s media guide can be found at www.drugabuse.gov/publications/media-guide/dear-journalist, and its easy-to-read website can be found at www.easyread.drugabuse.gov. You can follow NIDA on and . About the National Institutes of Health (NIH): NIH, the nation’s medical research agency, includes 27 Institutes and Centers and is a component of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. NIH is the primary federal agency conducting and supporting basic, clinical, and translational medical research, and is investigating the causes, treatments, and cures for both common and rare diseases. For more information about NIH and its programs, visit www.nih.gov. Copy this html code to your website/blog to embed this press release. <br />
<a href=”http://www.pressreleasepoint.com/epigenetics-takes-center-stage-years-addiction-science-awards” class=”active”>Epigenetics takes center stage with this years Addiction Science Awards</a><br />
 CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious NJ Man Walks from Princeton to San Francisco to Raise Awareness of Global Water Crisis Next PostNext CELADON SHAREHOLDER ALERT by Former Louisiana Attorney General: Kahn Swick & Foti, LLC Reminds Investors with Losses In Excess of $100,000 of Lead Plaintiff Deadline in Class Action Lawsuit Against Celadon Group Inc. – (CGI) Search Recent Posts First Batch of Students Graduate from Revised Junior Sports Academy Programme The Western Regional Diversity Conference Launches 72-Hour Crowdfunding Campaign to Secure Venue KCCA FC crowned Azam Uganda Premier League champions 2016/17 season Bitcoin Products Online launches website with over 20,000 products for the Marine, RV and outdoor adventure market Wonder Woman, Baywatch, Transformers, Blade Runner; Fantasy Trader lets you Buy and Trade movie stars and sports athlete Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
recommend.my - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Sunday, May 21, 2017 2:49 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 32°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Malaysia Malaysian-born teen shines at international science fair By Sachina Dominic Sunday May 21, 2017 07:19 AM GMT+8 ICYMI North Korea’s Unit 180, the cyber warfare cell that worries the West Dr M attends PKR’s National Congress for the first time Nail-biting season finale as teams fight for Champions League spot The Edit: Penang’s oldest ice kacang stall Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Tanisha after winning the grand prize at the Salt Lake Valley Science & Engineering Fair in Utah. — Picture by Malay MailPETALING JAYA, May 21 — At 17, Waterford School junior Tanisha Martheswaran has already decided on her future job, one that is so rare, and at a time when people are not even sure what the job entails — a physician-scientist. Having migrated to Utah in the United States with her parents a decade ago, Tanisha stood out as an early bloomer, being top in her class, and developing her love for all things scientific before peers her age even had an inkling on what the wide world of science was all about. “The atmosphere at the Salt Lake Valley Science & Engineering Fair in March was absolutely amazing. It certainly was a great experience just being there,” said the teenager, who was placed first at the fair, during a recent interview. “There were 150 projects presented that day in the upper school category in which I was a part of. Seeing all the various projects was somewhat exhilarating, and I learnt quite a lot from just checking out other project presentations.” As there are so many components in science, from environmental science, to biological science, and even technological science, the fair was a goldmine of information. “It was rather exhausting working through the last couple of months to come up with my presentation, but it was worth it when I saw how it turned out in the end,” she said. More recently, she was involved in the Intel International Science and Engineering Fair (Intel ISEF) in Los Angeles, California. It started on Sunday and ended on Friday. Intel ISEF is the world’s largest global pre-college science competition which unites top young scientific minds, showcasing their talents on an international stage. Doctoral level scientists judged this competition.  Almost 1,800 high school students from over 75 countries got the opportunity to showcase their independent research and compete for about US$4 million (RM17.29 million) in prizes each year. The brainy teenager presented her winning project at the fair titled: “Waste Embraced 2.0: A novel study of the effects of optimised precipitation on biogas production and resource recovery from municipal landfill leachate and wastewater centrate”, which deeply impressed judges and the audience. Difficult though it was to comprehend, Tanisha explained the idea behind the project, in layman’s terms, is simply “using waste products from landfill and turning them into something beneficial for the community”. Ever since she began high school, she  developed a passion for using neglected resources to create something that could contribute to the betterment of the environment. “The two things I am really passionate about are a blend of energy and environmental engineering. I used both elements in my project and I was excited to present it to the judges.” “After two and a half years of hard work, it was amazing to get this opportunity to participate in this international fair,” said Tanisha, who only on Friday bagged the fourth prize at the Intel ISEF’s Environmental Engineering category in Los Angeles.                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Malaysians donate RM10k in two days to buy teacher a dirt bike Gifted with RM11,956 for a new bike, teacher thinks school deserves it more AES — you can run but you can’t hide Subramaniam: MIC targets registering 90,000 members as voters by June 15 After years of hate, Dr M attends PKR congress Fight breaks out at PM’s TN50 event with artistes (VIDEO) RM180,000 Brazillian tree in Terengganu dies Tahfiz student's body dug up for more tests Malaysians donate RM10k in two days to buy teacher a dirt bike Subramaniam: MIC targets registering 90,000 members as voters by June 15 Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: Oscars chief Boone Isaacs steps down from governors board Reuters Video: Newlyweds Pippa and James Matthews leave the church with their guests Bloomberg Video: Saudis confident in extension of oil cuts for nine months Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: Thai man murders baby, commits suicide on Facebook Live Tilda Swinton unveils strange ‘Okja’ promo clip Related Articles More Malaysians score at Intel ISEF Police nab another 17 with Gang 24 links These are the best US cities for starting over, according to DK Eyewitness Travel What it is like in Leeds Malaysian students among top performers in Polish varsities, says envoy Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | recommend.my - Local Services
ON NEWSSTANDS 108 Mar/Apr 2017 The Sex Issue Music Style Culture Video share tweet Feed All Posts Featured Posts Trending Posts Magazine Events Shop Twitter facebook youtube instagram tumblr US US UK US Edition UK Edition Canada Edition Follow the Fader Press Enter to Search Music Style Culture Video Magazine Events Shop US Edition UK Edition Canada Edition culture / News Report: Former FBI Director James Comey Will Testify In Open Session Comey will testify before the Senate Intel Committee after Memorial Day. By Opheli Garcia Lawler Zach Gibson / Getty Images   The week in a seemingly endless onslaught of news about chaos coming from within the White House shows no signs of slowing down. Former FBI Director James Comey, who was fired by President Trump last week, will be testifying in an open session before the Senate Intelligence Committee, according to a press release by members of the committee. Comey was fired the day before President Trump met with Russian officials, where it was reported that he leaked classified information to those officials during the meeting. According to multiple sources, the former Director has "committed to testifying," and will do so in an open session, which means that the proceedings will not be closed off to the public. "I hope that former Director Comey's testimony will help answer some of the questions that have arisen since Director Comey was so suddenly dismissed by the President," said Senator Mark Warren, Vice President of the Senate Intel Committee, in the press release. "I also expect that Director Comey will be able to shed light on critical issues to this Committee's investigation of Russian interference in the 2016 election." Comey's testimony certainly has the potential to clear up many confusing aspects of the last few months, and it will give Comey to formally address President Trump's statement that came to light Friday morning that he fired Comey because he was a "complete nut job." 🚨🚨🚨 COMEY agrees to testify in open session before Senate Intel pic.twitter.com/PXktidhJyI— Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) May 19, 2017 May 19, 2017 Donald Trump, Politics Read full story Sign up for The FADER's daily newsletter. Trending music / News Eminem “Tested” Kendrick Lamar To See If He Had A Ghostwriter music / News Prince’s Siblings Declared Heirs Of His Estate music / News Chris Rock Said Asking André 3000 For New Music Is Like “Telling Amber Rose About Her Curves” style / Feature Kimora Lee Simmons Turned Her Culture Into A Billion-Dollar Fashion Brand. Now She Says A Little Credit Is Due. music / News Rockie Fresh Has Released Three New Songs culture / News Report: Former FBI Director James Comey Will Testify In Open Session Contact Advertising Terms of Use Privacy Policy Fader Label Twitter Facebook Google+ Youtube Tumblr Instagram Apple Music Soundcloud Spotify RSS Magazine 108 Mar/Apr 2017 The Sex Issue Subscribe Sign up for The FADER's daily newsletter. ©2017 The Fader, Inc. All rights reserved. Site By Wondersauce
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In NRI More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos Live TV TIMES NEWS - RADIO Modi Government Elections 2017 Delhi MCD 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance NRI US & Canada News Middle East News Other News NRI Achievers Citizen Journalists Videos ALL News » NRI » US & Canada News » Indian-Americans shine at Intel science fair in the US DDCA defamation case: Ram Jethmalani calls Arun Jaitley a ‘crook’ Himachal Pradesh: 44 dead after bus falls into River Tons After ‘triple talaq’, victim’s family threatens to adopt Hinduism Ex-NFL star Aaron Hernandez found dead in cell Sonu Nigam hits out at fanatics, shaves his head in protest Government abolishes red beacons for VIPs, ban to be implemented from May 1 Indian-Americans shine at Intel science fair in the US While the topmost Gordon E Moore Award of $75,000 went to Ivo Zell, 18, of Germany for designing and constructing a remote-control prototype of a new "flying wing", almost every participant of the Indian delegation returned from the annual competition with one award or the other.PTI | May 20, 2017, 08.48 PM IST Linn, Raymond, Maya Ajmera, Diya, Christopher, and Kathy at an Intel ISEF 2017 symposia session. (Photo courte... Read More WASHINGTON: While four Indian-Americans received top awards in various categories, an Indian boy has won the world's largest pre-college science competition in the US in environmental engineering category for his project on biodegradation of pesticides. Prashant Ranganathan, a 12th grader from Jamshedpur, alongwith over 20 high school students from various parts of India, participated in the Intel International Science and Engineering Fair. "My project will actually help farmers in biodegrading the pesticide which is plaguing the country," Prashant told PTI after he was declared winner in the environmental engineering category at this years' competition. In all, more than 1,700 students from across the world participated in the week-long event which concluded here on Friday. Student of Carmel Junior College in Jamshedpur, Prashant's project 'Biodegradation of Chlorpyrifos using native bacteria' said that farmers should not use pesticides. Prashant who bagged the coveted award for his innovation for fighting against pesticide and getting rid of its side effects through biodegradable use. "In almost all the states, like Uttar Pradesh and Punjab, Haryana and Bihar and Jharkhand, there's extensive farming. Using excessive amounts of pesticides, is affecting the health and the environment around them," he said. While the topmost Gordon E Moore Award of $75,000 went to Ivo Zell, 18, of Germany for designing and constructing a remote-control prototype of a new "flying wing", almost every participant of the Indian delegation returned from the annual competition with one award or the other. "India really boasts really extraordinary mathematics, science, physics, education," Maya Ajmera president and CEO of Society for Science and Public, told PTI in an interview. In fact, every section the award ceremony had the budding Indian scientists on the stage. So were the Indian American high schoolers, prompting one of the Intel official to say "Indians and Indian Americans rock today" as the awards ceremony concluded at the Los Angeles Convention Center in downtown Los Angeles. Indian-American Pratik Naidu from Virginia bagged an award in the category of computational biology and bioinformatics, Adam Nayak from Oregon was declared the winner in earth and environmental sciences, Karthik Yegnesh from Pennsylvania in Mathematics and Rahul Subramaniam from Connecticut in the microbiology category. As a result, Indians and Indian Americans accounted for nearly one-fifth of the top categories of the awards. "I think that many generations of Indian scientists and engineers and computer scientists, have truly paved the way of this generation of young people doing extraordinary things," Ajmera said referring to the incredible and innovative projects of Indian students who participated in this year's science competition. For instance, a sister-brother team - Sairandi Sathyanarayanan & Sacheth Sathyanarayanan - from the National Public School in Chennai have invented a gearbox that generates electricity when a fisherman's boat is lying idle at night, which they said is enough to meet the energy needs of a fisherman's house for a day. The team not only received accolades from the judges but were on the stage on Friday for receiving awards in various categories. Shinjini Ghosh, a 12 grader from South Point High School, Kolkata was recognised for developing a language identification kit based on the variations in intonation using discrete markov-chain model. Similarly, Sahithi Pingali from Inventure Academy, Bangalore received multiple awards for developing a new approach to monitoring lakes in developing countries in a crowdsourcing environmental science. Kunj Siddharth Dedhia, from the Dhirubhai Ambani International School in Mumbai has developed a smartphone application based on user feedback for cyclists to reduce incidence of lower back pain, while Chaitanya & Geeve George from the Little Rock Indian School in Udupi received an award for developing a smartphone-aided multispectral imaging system. Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web 10 TV Stars Who Earn More Than Bollywood Stars CRITICSUNION 15 most beautiful women in the world CrazyFreelancer Godrej new project launch at Kandivali (East) Mumbai Properties More from The Times of India Indian-American jailed for $33 million fraud in US Fair price shops to stop procuring essential items Indian-American man goes missing in Boston From the Web More From The Times of India Top 10 most expensive Bollywood flop filmsBOLLYWOODUNION 15 Most Beautiful Women In The WorldCrazyFreelancer A family ready to give up everything for her!Milaap Godrej new project launch at Kandivali (East)Mumbai Properties My little Daughter is drowning from within!Milaap US retakes over 55% of ISIS territory: Mattis Aman Verma's wedding postponed - Times of India Indian-origin Cornell University student found dead in US Tiger Shroff gets on board for Indian 'Rambo' remake Wife refuses to dance, hubby pushes her from rooftop Comments Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular French researchers find way to unlock WannaCry without ransom French researchers said on Friday they had found a last-chance way for technicians to save Windows files encrypted by WannaCry, racing against a deadline as the ransomware threatens to start locking up victims' computers first infected a week ago. Pakistan cannot execute Kulbhushan Jadhav till the court rules on case: ICJ Big guns: Modern artillery guns to arrive in India after Bofors scandal 10 Most Gorgeous ‘Off the Grid’ Homes Ad: CrazyFreelancer To stop one for the road Delhi Police goes to bars Delhi Police has collaborated with pubs and bars in the capital to discourage people from drunk driving. Tejas Express grears up to bring luxury to tracks, set for launch on May 22 The much-awaited Tejas Express, which boasts of several modern facilities onboard, like LED TV and tea/coffee vending machine, will be flagged off from Mumbai for Goa on May 22. The train has arrived at Mumbai’s CST station. Equipped with CCTV cameras, besides smoke and fire detection system, the 19-coach Tejas train has bio-vacuum toilets and GPS-based passenger information display system. From around the Web 'why is my hair falling appa?' asks niranjan Milaap Grow your business. Reach targeted audience COLOMBIA TV Stars Who Earn More Than Bollywood Actors CRITICSUNION Help save 3-year-old Mervin from Brain Cancer Milaap More From The Times of India 3 Nagpur students shine in hotel management entrance Girls shine once again in Panchkula Tezpur University shines in filmmaking competition Read MoreIntel Science fairIntel International Science and Engineering Fairinnovateindian originIndian American Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners Indian-origin Cornell University student found dead in US Indian-Americans unhappy with California school textbooks over portrayal of Hinduism Two sentenced to 3 years in jail for assaulting Sikh-American Indian-American jailed for $33 million fraud in US 1Indian-Americans shine at Intel science fair in the US 2Indian-origin Cornell University student found dead in US 3Indian-Americans unhappy with California school textbooks over portrayal of Hinduism 4Two sentenced to 3 years in jail for assaulting Sikh-American 5Indian-American jailed for $33 million fraud in US Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now I am Gujarat Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Econimic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends Live: EVM Challenge Tamil Nadu SSLC Result  EVM challenge GST GST Bill Half Girlfriend Collection KKR vs MI Score XXX Return of Xander Cage Half Girlfriend Review Cannes 2017 TV Shows Sunny Leone Photos services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web Kolkata vs Mumbai GST Bill Softbank Breaking News Sunny Leone Photos Baahubali 2 Collection Health & Fitness Tips Rangoli Designs Best Mehndi Designs Trending topics Rajnikanth IPL 2017 IPL Schedule 2017 IPL Points Table xXx Sensex Yeh Hai Mohabbatein Kumkum Bhagya How to Get Pregnant Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service `
Follow Us:   Sunday May 21st, 2017 More News, More Truth Home News Top News State Nagaland Region Nation World Business Opinion Editorials OP-ED Poems Views & Reviews Columns Zeena Singh Digi-buzz eCorner De jure Feature Khekiye K Sema Jack T. Chakhesang Entertainment Leisure Music Food Fashion Book Reviews Sports Topics Science Tech Health Environment Kaleidoscope Fête de la Musique: All for music, music for all! World Environment Day 2016 Civic Reception of Neiphiu Rio Loading...You are here:  Home  >  News  >  World  >  Current Article Indian teenager wins world’s largest pre-college science competition in US By PTI  /  May 20, 2017  /  Comments Off on Indian teenager wins world’s largest pre-college science competition in US     Print       Email Washington, May 20 (PTI): An Indian boy has won the world’s largest pre-college science competition in the US in the environmental engineering category for his project on biodegradation of pesticides. Prashant Ranganathan, a 12th grader from Jamshedpur, alongwith over 20 high school students from various parts of India, participated in the Intel International Science and Engineering Fair. “My project will actually help farmers in biodegrading the pesticide which is plaguing the country,” Prashant told PTI after he was declared winner in the environmental engineering category at this years’ competition. Four Indian-Americans received top awards in various categories. In all, more than 1700 students from across the world participated in the week-long event which concluded here yesterday. Student of Carmel Junior College in Jamshedpur, Prashant’s project ‘Biodegradation of Chlorpyrifos using native bacteria’ said that farmers should not use pesticides. Prashant who bagged the coveted award for his innovation for fighting against pesticide and getting rid of its side effects through biodegradable use. “In almost all the states, like Uttar Pradesh and Punjab, Haryana and Bihar and Jharkhand, there’s extensive farming. Using excessive amounts of pesticides, is affecting the health and the environment around them,” he said. While the topmost Gordon E Moore Award of USD 75,000 went to Ivo Zell, 18, of Germany for designing and constructing a remote-control prototype of a new “flying wing”, almost participants of the Indian delegation returned from the annual competition with one award or the other. In fact, every section the award ceremony had the budding Indian scientists on the stage. So were the Indian American high schoolers, promoting one of the Intel official to say “Indians and Indian Americans rock today” as the awards ceremony concluded at the Los Angeles Convention Center in downtown Los Angeles. Indian-American Pratik Naidu from Virginia bagged an award in the category of computational biology an bioinformatics, Adam Nayak from Oregon was declared the winner in earth and environmental sciences, Karthik Yegnesh from Pennsylvania in Mathematics and Rahul Subramaniam from Connecticut in the microbiology category. As a result, Indians and Indian Americans accounted for nearly one-fifth of the top categories of the awards. “I think that many generations of Indian scientists and engineers and computer scientists, have truly paved the way of this generation of young people doing extraordinary things,” Ms Ajmera said referring to the incredible and innovative projects of Indian students who participated in this year’s science competition. For instance, a sister-brother team of – Sairandi Sathyanarayanan & Sacheth Sathyanarayanan – from the National Public School in Chennai have invented a gearbox that generates electricity when a fisherman’s boat is lying idle in night, which they said is enough to meet the energy needs of a fisherman’s house for a day. The team not only received accolades from the judges but were on the stage Friday for receiving awards in various categories. Shinjini Ghosh, a 12 grader from South Point High School, Kolkata was recognised for developing a language identification kit based on the variations in intonation using discrete markov-chain model. Similarly, Sahithi Pingali from Inventure Academy, Bangalore received multiple awards for developing a new approach to monitoring lakes in developing countries in a crowdsourcing environmental science. Kunj Siddharth Dedhia, from the Dhirubhai Ambani International School in Mumbai have developed a smartphone application based on user feedback for cyclists to reduce incidence of lower back pain, while Chaitanya & Geeve George from the Little Rock Indian School in Udupi received an award for developing a smartphone aided multispectral imaging system.     Print       Email Published: 16 hours ago on May 20, 2017 By: PTI Last Modified: May 20, 2017 @ 8:24 pm Filed Under: World NEXT ARTICLE → IS-claimed suicide bombings kill 35 in Iraq: officials ← PREVIOUS ARTICLE UN identifies world’s all-time deadly storms About the author PTI View all articles by PTI » LATEST NEWS ‘Article 371 (A) misinterpreted, misunderstood and misused’ Advisor ponders on by-polls and post of chief minister Concerned citizens interact with NNPGs Adroit Boys win the 1st Open Futsal tourney Congress issues show-cause notice to Tripura legislator Japanese ambassador and official visits Manipur ULFA cadres apprehended 20 teams to take part in 9th OBT SEARCH Custom Search Sign up for our newsletter! Name: Email: Archives May 2017 M T W T F S S « Apr     1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Mirror Takes Church people or underground people came? How much should we give na? Editorial Yet another Consensus required End of road Let’s talk Intellectuals sans intelligentsia Sports Nagaland Adroit Boys win the 1st Open Futsal tourney 20 teams to take part in 9th OBT Sukhavi is Sumi chess champion Adroit Boys, Yhome, Legend, Soccer Heroes enter semis All Black run riot against Silver White Business 91 lakh persons come under tax net post note ban: FM Markets conquer new peaks, Nifty scales 9,500 Govt. owes Rs 451.75 crore to Air India SoftBank recognises $1.4 bn losses from India investments RBI puts IDBI Bank under watch for high bad loans Subscribe Submit News About Us Contact Us © 2017 Eastern Mirror. You might also like... Iran’s Rouhani wins re-election Read More →
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Markets #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » PTI Stories » National » News IPL Final: Giants from Mumbai face Pune's Supergiant Tom Hardy to star in Spider-Man spinoff 'Venom' Business Standard Indian wins top intel science award in US Press Trust of India  |  Washington  May 20, 2017 Last Updated at 13:13 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UVlOVe ALSO READ India take on Cambodia in friendly international India beat Cambodia 3-2 in international football friendly Dev Patel proud to represent India on international scale US says will take up Compassion International issue with India International journalists honoured with Press Freedom Awards An Indian boy has won the world's largest pre-college science competition in the US in the environmental engineering category for his project on biodegradation of pesticides. Prashant Ranganathan, a 12th grader from Jamshedpur, alongwith over 20 high school students from various parts of India, participated in the Intel International Science and Engineering Fair. "My project will actually help farmers in biodegrading the pesticide which is plaguing the country," Prashant told PTI after he was declared winner in the environmental engineering category at this years' competition. Four Indian-Americans received top awards in various categories. In all, more than 1700 students from across the world participated in the week-long event which concluded here yesterday. Student of Carmel Junior College in Jamshedpur, Prashant's project 'Biodegradation of Chlorpyrifos using native bacteria' said that farmers should not use pesticides. Prashant who bagged the coveted award for his innovation for fighting against pesticide and getting rid of its side effects through biodegradable use. "In almost all the states, like Uttar Pradesh and Punjab, Haryana and Bihar and Jharkhand, there's extensive farming. Using excessive amounts of pesticides, is affecting the health and the environment around them," he said. While the topmost Gordon E Moore Award of USD 75,000 went to Ivo Zell, 18, of Germany for designing and constructing a remote-control prototype of a new "flying wing", almost participants of the Indian delegation returned from the annual competition with one award or the other. "India really boasts really extraordinary mathematics, science, physics, education," Maya Ajmera president and CEO of Society for Science and Public, told PTI in an interview. In fact, every section the award ceremony had the budding Indian scientists on the stage. So were the Indian American high schoolers, promoting one of the Intel official to say "Indians and Indian Americans rock today" as the awards ceremony concluded at the Los Angeles Convention Center in downtown Los Angeles. Indian-American Pratik Naidu from Virginia bagged an award in the category of computational biology an bioinformatics, Adam Nayak from Oregon was declared the winner in earth and environmental sciences, Karthik Yegnesh from Pennsylvania in Mathematics and Rahul Subramaniam from Connecticut in the microbiology category. As a result, Indians and Indian Americans accounted for nearly one-fifth of the top categories of the awards. "I think that many generations of Indian scientists and engineers and computer scientists, have truly paved the way of this generation of young people doing extraordinary things," Ajmera said referring to the incredible and innovative projects of Indian students who participated in this year's science competition. For instance, a sister-brother team of - Sairandi Sathyanarayanan & Sacheth Sathyanarayanan - from the National Public School in Chennai have invented a gearbox that generates electricity when a fisherman's boat is lying idle in night, which they said is enough to meet the energy needs of a fisherman's house for a day. The team not only received accolades from the judges but were on the stage Friday for receiving awards in various categories. Shinjini Ghosh, a 12 grader from South Point High School, Kolkata was recognised for developing a language identification kit based on the variations in intonation using discrete markov-chain model. Similarly, Sahithi Pingali from Inventure Academy, Bangalore received multiple awards for developing a new approach to monitoring lakes in developing countries in a crowdsourcing environmental science. Kunj Siddharth Dedhia, from the Dhirubhai Ambani International School in Mumbai have developed a smartphone application based on user feedback for cyclists to reduce incidence of lower back pain, while Chaitanya & Geeve George from the Little Rock Indian School in Udupi received an award for developing a smartphone aided multispectral imaging system. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On National News | International News | India | Pti Stories | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Super Saver Health Insurance For Your Family Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance New to investing in shares? New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Indian wins top intel science award in US An Indian boy has won the world's largest pre-college science competition in the US in the environmental engineering category for his project on biodegradation of pesticides. Prashant Ranganathan, a 12th grader from Jamshedpur, alongwith over 20 high school students from various parts of India, participated in the Intel International Science and Engineering Fair. "My project will actually help farmers in biodegrading the pesticide which is plaguing the country," Prashant told PTI after he was declared winner in the environmental engineering category at this years' competition. Four Indian-Americans received top awards in various categories. In all, more than 1700 students from across the world participated in the week-long event which concluded here yesterday. Student of Carmel Junior College in Jamshedpur, Prashant's project 'Biodegradation of Chlorpyrifos using native bacteria' said that farmers should not use pesticides. Prashant who bagged the coveted award for his ... An Indian boy has won the world's largest pre-college science competition in the US in the environmental engineering category for his project on biodegradation of pesticides. Prashant Ranganathan, a 12th grader from Jamshedpur, alongwith over 20 high school students from various parts of India, participated in the Intel International Science and Engineering Fair. "My project will actually help farmers in biodegrading the pesticide which is plaguing the country," Prashant told PTI after he was declared winner in the environmental engineering category at this years' competition. Four Indian-Americans received top awards in various categories. In all, more than 1700 students from across the world participated in the week-long event which concluded here yesterday. Student of Carmel Junior College in Jamshedpur, Prashant's project 'Biodegradation of Chlorpyrifos using native bacteria' said that farmers should not use pesticides. Prashant who bagged the coveted award for his innovation for fighting against pesticide and getting rid of its side effects through biodegradable use. "In almost all the states, like Uttar Pradesh and Punjab, Haryana and Bihar and Jharkhand, there's extensive farming. Using excessive amounts of pesticides, is affecting the health and the environment around them," he said. While the topmost Gordon E Moore Award of USD 75,000 went to Ivo Zell, 18, of Germany for designing and constructing a remote-control prototype of a new "flying wing", almost participants of the Indian delegation returned from the annual competition with one award or the other. "India really boasts really extraordinary mathematics, science, physics, education," Maya Ajmera president and CEO of Society for Science and Public, told PTI in an interview. In fact, every section the award ceremony had the budding Indian scientists on the stage. So were the Indian American high schoolers, promoting one of the Intel official to say "Indians and Indian Americans rock today" as the awards ceremony concluded at the Los Angeles Convention Center in downtown Los Angeles. Indian-American Pratik Naidu from Virginia bagged an award in the category of computational biology an bioinformatics, Adam Nayak from Oregon was declared the winner in earth and environmental sciences, Karthik Yegnesh from Pennsylvania in Mathematics and Rahul Subramaniam from Connecticut in the microbiology category. As a result, Indians and Indian Americans accounted for nearly one-fifth of the top categories of the awards. "I think that many generations of Indian scientists and engineers and computer scientists, have truly paved the way of this generation of young people doing extraordinary things," Ajmera said referring to the incredible and innovative projects of Indian students who participated in this year's science competition. For instance, a sister-brother team of - Sairandi Sathyanarayanan & Sacheth Sathyanarayanan - from the National Public School in Chennai have invented a gearbox that generates electricity when a fisherman's boat is lying idle in night, which they said is enough to meet the energy needs of a fisherman's house for a day. The team not only received accolades from the judges but were on the stage Friday for receiving awards in various categories. Shinjini Ghosh, a 12 grader from South Point High School, Kolkata was recognised for developing a language identification kit based on the variations in intonation using discrete markov-chain model. Similarly, Sahithi Pingali from Inventure Academy, Bangalore received multiple awards for developing a new approach to monitoring lakes in developing countries in a crowdsourcing environmental science. Kunj Siddharth Dedhia, from the Dhirubhai Ambani International School in Mumbai have developed a smartphone application based on user feedback for cyclists to reduce incidence of lower back pain, while Chaitanya & Geeve George from the Little Rock Indian School in Udupi received an award for developing a smartphone aided multispectral imaging system. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Press Trust of India Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Indian wins top intel science award in US An Indian boy has won the world's largest pre-college science competition in the US in the environmental engineering category for his project on biodegradation of pesticides. Prashant Ranganathan, a 12th grader from Jamshedpur, alongwith over 20 high school students from various parts of India, participated in the Intel International Science and Engineering Fair. "My project will actually help farmers in biodegrading the pesticide which is plaguing the country," Prashant told PTI after he was declared winner in the environmental engineering category at this years' competition. Four Indian-Americans received top awards in various categories. In all, more than 1700 students from across the world participated in the week-long event which concluded here yesterday. Student of Carmel Junior College in Jamshedpur, Prashant's project 'Biodegradation of Chlorpyrifos using native bacteria' said that farmers should not use pesticides. Prashant who bagged the coveted award for his innovation for fighting against pesticide and getting rid of its side effects through biodegradable use. "In almost all the states, like Uttar Pradesh and Punjab, Haryana and Bihar and Jharkhand, there's extensive farming. Using excessive amounts of pesticides, is affecting the health and the environment around them," he said. While the topmost Gordon E Moore Award of USD 75,000 went to Ivo Zell, 18, of Germany for designing and constructing a remote-control prototype of a new "flying wing", almost participants of the Indian delegation returned from the annual competition with one award or the other. "India really boasts really extraordinary mathematics, science, physics, education," Maya Ajmera president and CEO of Society for Science and Public, told PTI in an interview. In fact, every section the award ceremony had the budding Indian scientists on the stage. So were the Indian American high schoolers, promoting one of the Intel official to say "Indians and Indian Americans rock today" as the awards ceremony concluded at the Los Angeles Convention Center in downtown Los Angeles. Indian-American Pratik Naidu from Virginia bagged an award in the category of computational biology an bioinformatics, Adam Nayak from Oregon was declared the winner in earth and environmental sciences, Karthik Yegnesh from Pennsylvania in Mathematics and Rahul Subramaniam from Connecticut in the microbiology category. As a result, Indians and Indian Americans accounted for nearly one-fifth of the top categories of the awards. "I think that many generations of Indian scientists and engineers and computer scientists, have truly paved the way of this generation of young people doing extraordinary things," Ajmera said referring to the incredible and innovative projects of Indian students who participated in this year's science competition. For instance, a sister-brother team of - Sairandi Sathyanarayanan & Sacheth Sathyanarayanan - from the National Public School in Chennai have invented a gearbox that generates electricity when a fisherman's boat is lying idle in night, which they said is enough to meet the energy needs of a fisherman's house for a day. The team not only received accolades from the judges but were on the stage Friday for receiving awards in various categories. Shinjini Ghosh, a 12 grader from South Point High School, Kolkata was recognised for developing a language identification kit based on the variations in intonation using discrete markov-chain model. Similarly, Sahithi Pingali from Inventure Academy, Bangalore received multiple awards for developing a new approach to monitoring lakes in developing countries in a crowdsourcing environmental science. Kunj Siddharth Dedhia, from the Dhirubhai Ambani International School in Mumbai have developed a smartphone application based on user feedback for cyclists to reduce incidence of lower back pain, while Chaitanya & Geeve George from the Little Rock Indian School in Udupi received an award for developing a smartphone aided multispectral imaging system. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Press Trust of India Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Neowin Login Sign up News Latest Microsoft Google Apple Software CIA-created spyware called Athena released by WikiLeaks, targets all major Windows versions 3 hours ago Teramind brings its Data Loss Prevention solution to Nerdio's IT-as-a-Service platform 5 hours ago Star Citizen hits $150 million in crowd funding 14 hours ago Interview: A chat with Unbabel's CEO about AI-powered, human-refined translation 15 hours ago View all recent news CIA-created spyware called Athena released by WikiLeaks, targets all major Windows versions 3 hours ago 7 Days: A week of Surface Pro pics, Windows 10 updates, and Android delights May 20, 2017 New report indicates almost all WannaCry victims were on Windows 7; XP count 'insignificant' May 20, 2017 Linux distros won't work on Microsoft's new Windows 10 S May 20, 2017 View all Microsoft news 7 Days: A week of Surface Pro pics, Windows 10 updates, and Android delights May 20, 2017 Google renames Android Device Manager as 'Find My Device' May 18, 2017 Google Home is coming to five new markets, including France, Canada and Australia May 18, 2017 Android makes further inroads in forthcoming Audi and Volvo vehicles May 18, 2017 View all Google news 7 Days: A week of Surface Pro pics, Windows 10 updates, and Android delights May 20, 2017 Microsoft Sway update for iOS adds improved navigation, preview and more May 19, 2017 Microsoft Planner app now available for iPhone, iPad, and iPod Touch May 19, 2017 Microsoft releases new Outlook for Mac Insider Preview to Fast ring May 19, 2017 View all Apple news Snipaste 1.13.2 10 hours ago Ares 2.4.5 13 hours ago Website Realizer 2.0.1 23 hours ago VMware Workstation Pro 12.5.6 May 19, 2017 View all software news Features Reviews Editorials Unboxings Trending Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Ultrabook review: No touchscreen, but has everything else [UPDATED] May 16, 2017 Samsung Galaxy S8+ (Exynos) review May 9, 2017 Moto G5 review: Nougat on a budget May 9, 2017 NOMU S30 review: A rugged smartphone that won't put a huge dent in your hip pocket Apr 24, 2017 View all reviews Looking back: In 2016, Microsoft became one of the most exciting companies in the tech world Dec 31, 2016 Redmond delights: 10 reasons to be excited about Microsoft's future Nov 14, 2016 Editorial - When replacing your Samsung Galaxy Note7, consider these replacement options Oct 16, 2016 Editorial - Horde 3.0 changed my mind about Gears of War 4 Sep 7, 2016 View all editorials HTC U Ultra unboxing and first impressions Apr 16, 2017 End of the road: Microsoft terminates support for Windows Vista today Apr 11, 2017 HP EliteBook x360 G2 unboxing and first impressions Apr 4, 2017 HP Spectre x360 with pen and 4K display unboxing and first impressions Apr 4, 2017 View all unboxings Spot the difference: This is reportedly Microsoft's new 'Surface Pro' tablet May 19, 2017 WannaCry decryption tools released, but it's not good news for everyone May 20, 2017 Star Citizen hits $150 million in crowd funding 14 hours ago CIA-created spyware called Athena released by WikiLeaks, targets all major Windows versions 3 hours ago View all trending news Forums Deals Recent Highlights Interests On a Budget Get this UltraBright 500-Lumen Tactical Military Flashlight: 2-Pack for just $17.99 May 19, 2017 Get this Cybersecurity Certification Mega Bundle (CISA, CISM, & CISSP) for just $69 May 18, 2017 Get The Crash Course Coding Bundle for just $39 (98% off) via Neowin Deals May 17, 2017 Get Disconnect: Lifetime Premium Subscription for just $49 (90% off) via Neowin Deals May 16, 2017 View all recent deals Best Sellers Pay What You Want Gear + Gadgets Software Bundles View all Neowin Deals For Developers Productivity Accessories E-Learning View all Neowin Deals Under $20 Freebies Giveaways View all Neowin Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ 7 Days: A week of Surface Pro pics, Windows 10 updates, and Android delights By Andy Weir Senior News Editor Neowin LLC @gcaweir · May 20, 2017 with 0 comments 7 Days is a weekly roundup of the Editors' picks of what's been happening in the world of technology - written with a dash of humor, a hint of exasperation, and an endless supply of (Irish) coffee. After the excitement of Microsoft’s Build 2017 developer conference last week, there was barely time to catch our breaths before the buzz of Google’s I/O dev event this week. There were all sorts of announcements from I/O this week, and no shortage of other news from elsewhere in the tech world too. Don’t worry about having missed anything though, for 7 Days is here once more to walk you through the week’s top tech news. Our journey across the tech world begins this week with Netflix, which is now blocking installations of its app on Android devices that have been rooted. Meanwhile, the entertainment giant introduced new Dolby Vision content support for LG's Android flagship, the G6. It's been a busy few days for Netflix; last weekend, it temporarily increased all of its prices in Australia to gauge reactions from consumers - and predictably, they reacted with confusion and outrage. But in happier news, Netflix is also adapting popular gaming and book series The Witcher as a TV show - good news for fans of the franchise! Messaging app Telegram has been busy too. Earlier in the week, it updated its desktop app on Windows, Mac and Linux, adding support for voice calls. A few days later, it released a major update for its mobile app on iOS and Android, adding multiple new features, including video messages, and bot payment support. On Wednesday, chipmaker AMD announced its new line of powerful desktop-class 'Threadripper' CPUs, with 16 cores and 32 threads. Nvidia launched its affordable new GeForce GT 1030 graphics cards. Designed primarily for e-sports gamers, the new GPUs are priced as low as $69.99 with 2GB GDDR5 video memory. Another one bites the dust: ExtraTorrent, the world's second largest torrent indexing site, became the latest to permanently shut down. Amazon refreshed its line-up of tablets, running its Android-forked Fire OS. The updated range includes a tweaked Fire 7 tablet, a lower price for the Fire HD 8, and a new Fire HD 8 Kids Edition. Many of the week's biggest announcements came from the Google I/O developer conference in Mountain View, California, where the company revealed that Android is now installed on over 2 billion monthly active phones and tablets, in addition to the many other devices that run its Android OS. Google also released Android Studio 3.0 Canary 1, an early preview of the next version of its integrated development environment, bringing a wide variety of new features and enhancements. And after beginning live testing in January of Android Instant Apps - which allows users to run apps without installing them on their devices - Google announced that it has now opened up that functionality to all developers. Google revealed several new features and updates for its Play Console too, allowing developers to improve their app performance and marketing techniques, while helping them to maximize their reach. Security issues remain a concern for many Android users - but Google is hoping to reassure them with Google Play Protect, its "more visible and accessible" security tools on Android devices. It's also renamed its Android Device Manager as 'Find My Device', as part of the Google Play Protect suite. Google launched its Android O Beta Program on Wednesday - but only for a handful of supported devices. Android O is the current moniker - which will eventually be replaced with a more delicious designation - for the next major version of the OS. The company said that Android O will bring big improvements in boot time, app performance, and device battery life. In addition to those benefits, Android O will also usher in Android Go, a new edition of the OS designed for low-cost, lower-end devices with modest specs. Android Go - and all first-party apps that run on it - will be optimized to run on handsets with as little as 512MB of RAM. While Google is focusing on the next version of Android, many devices still haven't received its last major update. Android 7.0 Nougat continued to slowly make its way to more handsets this week: Unlocked LG G5 in the United States HTC One M9 on AT&T Samsung Galaxy A5 (2016) and Galaxy A7 (2016) in India Samsung is pushing ahead with its efforts to sell refurbished models of its failed Galaxy Note7 flagship, which was globally recalled following a series of battery fires last year. The device is expected to be made available again under a new name: the Galaxy Note FE. On Tuesday, HTC unveiled its new flagship phone, just two months after its last flagship went on sale. The U 11's key selling point is the ability to 'squeeze' it to activate apps and features, through sensors embedded in the sides of the device. That could prove to be little more than a silly gimmick, but the $649 handset still has plenty to offer, including the latest Snapdragon 835 processor, 4GB RAM, 64GB storage, and IP67 dust- and water-resistance. Oddly, less than 24 hours after its announcement, HTC began offering $50 off the U 11's price. Lenovo unveiled two new devices at the other end of the smartphone market. The Moto C and Moto C Plus are low-cost devices with some decent specs, including a whopping 4000mAh battery on the larger Plus model. An image also leaked of Lenovo's new high-end Moto Z2 handset. Lenovo revealed several Windows 10 devices too, including new IdeaPad notebooks, the Flex 5 convertible, and a new Legion-branded gaming laptop, which packs an Intel K-series processor. Lenovo and HTC were officially revealed as the two launch manufacturers for new untethered, standalone virtual reality headsets for Google's Daydream VR platform. Qualcomm is also working with Google to produce a reference design for other manufacturers to base their headsets on. Google is boosting its image recognition capabilities through a new tool harnessing its Knowledge Graph, known as Google Lens. And Google also revealed that its digital Assistant is now available on over 100 million devices. That number is set to increase, as Google announced that its Assistant is now available on iPhones - but only in the United States, for now. iPhone, iPad and iPod touch users can now get the new Microsoft Planner app on their devices. Planner originally launched for Office 365 last year, and is coming to Android and Windows 10 devices too. Microsoft updated its Sway app for iOS too, with improved navigation, better preview support, and more. Apple is reportedly planning to phase out the iPad mini, as it's no longer considered to offer sufficient differentiation between the largest iPhone and the smallest 'full-size' iPad. Rumors also suggest that Apple will soon announce a new iPad with a 10.5-inch display squeezed into the same form factor as the 9.7-inch model, thanks to much slimmer bezels. The new iPad is expected to be announced at Apple's Worldwide Developer Conference next month - and that's not all. Apple will reportedly refresh its entire MacBook range, also debuting the new models at WWDC in June. On Monday, Apple released iOS 10.3.2, macOS 10.12.5 Sierra, watchOS 3.2.2, and tvOS 10.2.1 to all users, bringing a range of security updates, bug fixes, and stability improvements. A day later, it rolled out the first Developer Beta builds of iOS 10.3.3, macOS 10.12.6, watchOS 3.2.3, and tvOS 10.2.2. As part of its macOS 10.12.5 update, Apple added new support for the recently-released Windows 10 Creators Update to Boot Camp. macOS 10.12.5 finally introduces support for 'media-free installation' of the Creators Update. Last week, a massive ransomware attack struck dozens of countries across the globe, causing chaos for consumers, companies, and other organizations, including the UK's National Health Service. Many NHS centers and hospitals were locked out of patients' records as a result of the attack, and some treatments and operations even had to be postponed or cancelled. Over the past week, the situation has developed further: Microsoft patches Windows 8, XP, and Server 2003 to combat 'WannaCry' ransomware attack Report indicates almost all WannaCry victims were on Windows 7; Windows XP user count said to be 'insignificant' Hundreds of thousands of PCs affected in China WannaCry decryption tools released, but it's not good news for everyone Speculation of North Korean link to WannaCry Hacker group that published WannaCry exploit threatens release of more tools in June Earlier this week, Microsoft President Brad Smith said that 'stockpiling' of hacking tools by governments was partly to blame for the WannaCry attack. Meanwhile, the US Department of Defense said that it expects its migration to Windows 10 to be completed by the end of this year. The DoD originally announced it plans to upgrade 4 million devices to Windows 10 in February 2016, and - somewhat ambitiously - said that it would be completed within twelve months of that announcement, but those plans are clearly running behind schedule. On Wednesday, Microsoft rolled out Windows 10 Insider Preview build 16199 to the Fast ring. The new preview is the latest from the Redstone 3 development branch, which will eventually be released as the Fall Creators Update, and brings several new features and other improvements to the OS. As always, the new build also includes various bug fixes, and some known issues to be aware of. In its announcement of build 16199, Microsoft inadvertently included an image - which it later deleted - that showed a previously-unseen Settings icon on the taskbar. It later emerged that that icon is the toggle for a new Windows 10 'Control Center', which will be the new home for the Quick Action buttons that are currently located in the Action Center. Microsoft also announced a range of new and improved accessibility features coming to Windows 10 in the Fall Creators Update, including enhanced braille support, new filters for color-blind users, new Magnifier features, Learning Tools in the Edge browser, and more. And in another important announcement, Microsoft revealed that customers who purchase a Windows 10 S device, and who require assistive technologies to use their PCs, will be entitled to a free upgrade to Windows 10 Pro. That upgrade will enable them to install apps not available from the Windows Store - a feature that isn't available in the new Windows 10 S edition. Microsoft also released a new Windows 10 Mobile Insider Preview, build 15215, which-- --HUH. Sorry about that. ...a new Windows 10 Mobile build which brings some utterly thrilling fixes for a handful of issues. Microsoft barely mentioned Windows phones at its Build 2017 dev conference, and after the company split development of Windows 10 Mobile away from the main Windows 10 development branch - for the first time since it launched in 2015 - it raised some serious questions about its commitment to its mobile operating system. Microsoft's Joe Belfiore said this week: "We're going to continue to support Windows phone." But the level of its support for Windows phones remains frustratingly unclear. Windows 10 Mobile is now officially supported on just 13 handsets, and with so few users, there appears to be little incentive for Microsoft to pour resources into developing major new features for it. While some previously-promised features are likely to arrive as part of the Fall Creators Update - albeit under the splintered 'feature2' development branch - 'the company's longer-term 'support' for the OS remains in doubt. Just a few days after Belfiore made that comment, Microsoft removed half of the Windows phones listed on its Store in the US, leaving just seven devices available to purchase. A sad, but telling, sign of the level of public support for Windows 10 Mobile came on Tuesday, when WhartonBrooks' new Windows phone, the Cerulean Moment, failed to meet its crowdfunding campaign to help launch the device. WhartonBrooks said that the device was designed "for the fans", and its campaign aimed to raise $1.1 million, but ended with just $29,793, or 3% of its target. Next week, Microsoft will be hosting an event in Shanghai, China, where it's promised to "show the world what's next". But the surprise was apparently ruined on Thursday, when images of the company's new Windows 10 device were leaked. Microsoft had been widely expected to unveil its new Surface Pro 5 at the event, and rumors suggested that it would be a fairly modest evolution of its predecessor. But the leaked pictures show a device that's virtually identical to the current model. The new device will reportedly be known simply as the 'Surface Pro', and despite its similarity to the Pro 4, it will have some upgraded specs, including Intel's latest Kaby Lake processors. Microsoft added fifteen new companies to the list of those who can sell its Surface Hub in the UK, following "huge demand" for the touchscreen collaboration device among British organizations. Microsoft also launched its free Rewards program in the UK, offering members the ability to collect points from store purchases, Bing web searches, and surfing the web with its Edge browser, in exchange for freebies. As in recent years, Microsoft is following up on its recent Build 2017 dev conference with a series of two-day developer events in India, China, Poland, and four other countries, where it will offer demos, hackathons, and the opportunity to try out HoloLens and Mixed Reality devices. A listing on the Windows Store indicated that, along with Spotify and iTunes, the WhatsApp desktop client is also coming to the Store. However, users of the Yahoo Mail app on Windows 10 have received notifications informing them that the app "will stop working after May 22", and directing them to check their email instead "in any web browser". On Thursday, Microsoft announced a major redesign for its OneNote app across all platforms. The new look had already rolled out to iOS earlier in the week. This summer, Microsoft will introduce a new file sharing experience for OneDrive. The company also highlighted new features that will be making their way to Office 365 customers utilizing SharePoint. On Friday, Microsoft quietly added support for Expiring Links to OneDrive for users with an Office 365 subscription. The feature - which allows users to set an expiration time for any shared link - was previously available in OneDrive for Business. Microsoft launched new features for its Bing search engine, including bots on the search page, e-sports coverage, and search optimizations for hiking and camping locations. On Tuesday, Microsoft released its latest update, Version 1705, for the Xbox One and Xbox One S, including new Arena features, Party Overlay updates, and more. Microsoft is offering up to 75% off Backward Compatible Xbox 360 games playable on the Xbox One in its Super Sale, which is due to end on May 22. And until May 21, Microsoft is additionally offering free multiplayer gaming for all Xbox Live members - a perk usually limited to Xbox Live Gold subscribers. On top of that, it's also allowing Xbox One owners to play Minecraft for free this weekend. Phantom Dust, the classic Xbox game from 2005, is now available on Xbox One and Windows 10 as an Xbox Play Anywhere title with a range of improvements - and it's totally free. South Park: The Fractured But Whole was originally due to launch on Xbox One, PS4 and PC on December 6, before it was postponed until Q1 2017, and then delayed again earlier this year. But the new game is due to finally launch on October 17. The first gameplay footage of Destiny 2 was revealed this week - but its developers also announced that the PC version will be exclusive to Battle.net. If you were hoping to get a glimpse of Halo 6 at the E3 gaming expo, prepare for disappointment. Microsoft's 343 Industries said that it won't reveal the next game in the franchise there, but added that it will "have a little something at E3" for Halo fans... Nintendo's new Switch console has been a stunning success since it launched in March, and it hasn't lost its momentum yet. In fact, it was the top-selling console in the United States last month. Half-Life fans: rejoice! No, it's not the long-awaited (and totally imaginary) Half-Life 3, but for Oculus Rift and HTC Vive owners, its the next best thing. A modding project is working to bring support for Half-Life 2 to the two virtual reality headsets. Look out for those headcrabs! Our journey this week is nearing its end, but before we reach our final destination, I wanted to share this with you: a developer has created a working hologram concept for Cortana, using the Windows 10 version of the digital assistant, and custom animations developed through Kinect motion capture. I don't know about you, but I love seeing what imaginative and skilled developers can do with their passion and determination, and I think this is just awesome. But our odyssey across the tech world approaches its final destination in the hands of Air New Zealand, which is testing Microsoft's HoloLens headset with custom software that displays information about passengers, including drinks preferences, travel itineraries, food allergies, and even their emotional state. There's no denying that the headset looks a bit... out of place on the flight attendant in the video that the airline released, but I think it's fascinating to see how companies are exploring the use of mixed reality to potentially transform the ways that they do business. For now, I'm heading off to the arrivals lounge for a Bloody Mary - but please sit back, relax, and enjoy some of this week's bonus content below... Bonus content Before we wrap things up for another week, let me first highlight a few extra bits around the site that I hope you’ll enjoy reading. Christopher White published his detailed review of the sleek Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon X1. The premium Windows 10 Ultrabook has a superb keyboard (as you'd expect from the ThinkPad line), along with top-notch battery life, and an impressive fingerprint sensor. It's not quite perfect though... Rich Woods went hands-on at Build 2017 with the Kodisoft IRT Table, an interactive table designed for restaurants (!), running Windows 10. Check out Rich's video - it's definitely worth a watch! I got my paws on the new Windows 10 wearable device from TrekStor. Manufactured by Askey, the device runs Windows 10 IoT Core, and is designed for business scenarios, which is why it's not exactly a looker. Get more info on the device here, including a gallery and a video of the interface. And finally, Rich and I toured the Hub at Build 2017 visiting some of Microsoft's stands and those of its partners - check out our video from the show floor here... and be sure to let Rich know just how cool those Skype sunglasses really are! Stay tuned to Neowin in the days ahead for what’s sure to be another exciting week, filled with official news, lots of updates, and plenty of insights from around the world of technology. For now, though, there’s lots more to read across the site – including all sorts of interesting discussions over on our forums. From all of us on the Neowin team, have a great weekend! Tags 7 days Microsoft Windows 10 Windows 10 mobile Windows 10 s Fall creators update Creators update Netflix Nvidia Google Android Android o Android go Htc Lenovo Apple Ipad mini Macbook Wannacry Surface pro Build 2017 Onenote Xbox one Nintendo switch Gaming Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Follow @TwitterDev Previous Story New report indicates almost all WannaCry victims were on Windows 7; XP count 'insignificant' Next Story Interview: A chat with Unbabel's CEO about AI-powered, human-refined translation Community Activity Refresh 169.254 DHCP problem on WIFI in Internet, Network & Security CIA-created spyware called Athena released by WikiLeaks, targets all major Windows versions in Front Page News Upgrade advice in Hardware Hangout Google's Android O Beta Program is now live for supported devices in Front Page News Moving forward, the Store will be the way for Windows 10 users to get Office in Front Page News Scorpio offical reveal incoming, along with 4K Forza, RDR2 and Battlefront. in Microsoft Console (Xbox) NASA Orion crew exploration vehicle (updates) in Science Discussion & News New report indicates almost all WannaCry victims were on Windows 7; XP count 'insignificant' in Front Page News Advertisement Trending Stories Spot the difference: This is reportedly Microsoft's new 'Surface Pro' tablet May 19, 2017 with 55 comments WannaCry decryption tools released, but it's not good news for everyone May 19, 2017 with 3 comments Star Citizen hits $150 million in crowd funding 14 hours ago with 12 comments CIA-created spyware called Athena released by WikiLeaks, targets all major Windows versions 3 hours ago with 9 comments Related Stories 7 Days: A week of Building, prolonged creativity, and Azure skies May 13, 2017 Microsoft releases an Azure app for iOS and Android May 10, 2017 7 Days: A week of Surface excitement, new Windows, and dead phones May 6, 2017 · Hot! 7 Days: A week of Microsoft money, the wane of Windows phones, and fake 5G Apr 29, 2017 · Hot! Show Comments 0 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Advertisement Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] deals UltraBright 500-Lumen Tactical Military Flashlight: 2-Pack $100.00 $17.99 82% off Cybersecurity Certification Mega Bundle $999.00 $69.00 93% off VPN Unlimited: Lifetime Subscription $499.99 $39.00 92% off The Ultimate Python Coding Bundle $428.24 $10.00 98% off Infinity VPN $499.99 $45.00 91% off review Samsung Galaxy S8+ (Exynos) review galaxy review Moto G5 review: Nougat on a budget moto g5 Microsoft's Joe Belfiore: "We're going to continue to support Windows phone" windows 10 mobile mile-high mixed reality Air New Zealand trials HoloLens to help improve onboard service hololens "no such thing as a Surface Pro 5" This is reportedly Microsoft's new 'Surface Pro' tablet surface pro another busy week... Catch up on the week's top tech news, with our handy roundup! 7 days VIDEO Andy and Rich tour the Hub at Microsoft Build 2017 build 2017 Android O Beta Program goes live android o Microsoft working on new file-sharing interface for OneDrive onedrive Microsoft offers free upgrade from Windows 10 S to Pro for assistive tech users windows 10 s Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Editors' Choice Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Facebook Twitter Search Search for Close Arrow_Path GoogleI/O HTCU11 NetNeutrality WannaCry GradGifts Menu Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Desktops/ Origin Neuron Matthew Buzzi Origin Neuron The Origin Neuron is a stellar gaming machine with practically unrivaled gaming power housed in an elegant design. It's our top pick for high-end gaming desktops. Origin Neuron editor rating: excellent Comments May 19, 2017 REVIEW Comments SPECS COMPARE View Gallery View All 8 Photos in Gallery Starting Configuration Price $964.00 Pros Extraordinary gaming proficiency. Plenty of storage, plus speedy M.2 SSDs. Stylish, relatively compact tower. Easy access for maintenance and upgrades. Customizable case and RAM lighting. Cons Pricey as configured. Bottom Line The Origin Neuron is a stellar gaming machine with practically unrivaled gaming power housed in an elegant design. It's our top pick for high-end gaming desktops. By Matthew Buzzi Consumer gaming and 3D performance are being pushed to absurd new heights on the back of Nvidia's Pascal graphics architecture and Intel's latest generation of processors. Both of these platforms are on full display in the Origin Neuron (starts at $964; $3,900 as tested), with dual GTX 1080 Ti graphics cards and an overlocked Core i7-7700K processor. These components help the Neuron blow past competitors in our gaming tests, it's also speedy with productivity pursuits, and comes with a huge amount of storage to boot. This configuration is expensive, but for what you get and relative to the Editors' Choice Digital Storm Velox, the pricing is fair. Given its superior performance and overall execution, the Origin Neuron is our new top pick for high-end gaming desktops. //Compare Similar Products Compare Digital Storm Velox (Core i7-7700K)   %displayPrice%%seller% CyberPower Gamer Master Ultra   %displayPrice%%seller% Falcon Northwest Talon (2016)   %displayPrice%%seller% Maingear Rush X99 Super Stock   %displayPrice%%seller% Corsair One Pro   %displayPrice%%seller% Acer Predator G1-710-70001   %displayPrice%%seller% Asus ROG GT51   %displayPrice%%seller% Dell XPS Tower Special Edition   %displayPrice%%seller% Falcon Northwest Tiki (2017)   %displayPrice%%seller% iBuyPower Snowblind Pro   %displayPrice%%seller% HP Omen X   %displayPrice%%seller% Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube   %displayPrice%%seller% Form, Function, and More Built into Phanteks' Enthoo Evolv mATX case, the Neuron is relatively unassuming if you look at it head on, but there's a lot to like inside once you start poking around. Its black aluminum frame stands 17.8 by 9 by 15.7 inches (HWD), with tempered glass panels on both flanks. The left side is nearly a full window, while the right is backed with aluminum and has a small cutout window for the SSDs. The case isn't a small-form-factor design, but it's on the smaller side for traditional towers. For size comparison, the Velox stands 22.2 inches tall, 9.25 inches wide, and 19.5 inches deep, taking up much more space. View All 8 Photos in Gallery The panels on either side are actually doors on rear hinges, held closed magnetically toward the front. They both swing open easily, making for one of the most accessible cases I've seen in a while. This lets you in to either side of the tower, which is good for swapping out components and cable and storage management beneath the motherboard. Having such easy access to the space with no screws or removable doors makes it a breeze to pop open and work in the case despite the size, and everything is organized neatly within. This includes neatly cut and routed cables, which are clipped together and funneled behind the motherboard. The CPU cooler stands vertically along the front panel and vents out the front, with a rear case fan in the back and slits along the top panel for more ventilation. The top panel lifts away if you remove one rear hand screw, though there's not much reason to take it off. The bottom of the case is raised about 2 inches by front and back feet, so most of the bottom is above surface level. This allows the bottom vent more room to breathe, and a removable filter over it keeps out dust and debris. The front panel pops off, revealing case fans behind another removable dust filter. The Editors' Choice CyberPower Gamer Master Ultra, one of the first Ryzen-equipped systems we reviewed, uses the same case. CyberPower plastered its logo over the corner of the door window, whereas Origin places a smaller logo on the front panel and on the CPU cooler. Since the case on our review unit is all black, the only color comes from an array of LED lights. The customization is handled through the included Asus Aura software, for which there's a slight learning curve. It's not immediately clear where each setting is (the arrow to switch between each lighting element is particularly small), but once you spend some time poking around, you should get the gist of it. The color and effects of an interior LED light strip, the RAM, the LED ring around the power button, and a slim strip on the front panel can all be changed. The RAM in our unit is G.Skill TridentZ RGB, which is illuminated in customizable segments. You can change the colors of five discrete sections of each stick, which can lead to some cool designs and color combinations, or make lighting "flow" down each stick in conjunction with the case lighting, which is a really cool effect. All of the lighting can also fade in and out slowly, or you can have the LED strip and RAM alternately strobe on and off. The case is not only well designed for maintenance, but is packed with the high-end components you'd hope for at this configuration's price. Everything is powered by an 850W EVGA SuperNOVA G3 power supply, which can run the demanding dual graphics card setup (two Nvidia GTX 1080 Tis in SLI), and the wattage leaves you some headroom. A lightning-fast Intel Core i7-7700K processor, overclocked to 5.0GHz out of the box, serves as the heart of the system. To supplement that, there are 32GB of the 3,000MHz G.Skill memory in our model, and since it's set up as four 8GB sticks, there are no free DIMM slots. Storage comes in the form of two 250GB Samsung 960 EVO NVMe M.2 SSDs in a RAID 0 array, along with two 2TB Seagate Firecuda hybrid drives—a one-two punch that delivers a massive amount of storage and a super-fast boot drive. It adds to the price, for sure, but if you do a lot of media work, you'll appreciate the added speed, and there's more than enough room for many projects and games. As configured, there are still two 2.5-inch and two 3.5-inch storage bays free. The Neuron won't leave you wanting for connectivity options. At first glance, it doesn't seem as if the case has any front-facing ports, but a small panel at the top retracts to reveal two USB 3.0 ports, as well as a headphone jack and a mic jack. The top panel has no ports, just the LED-ringed power button. The rear panel holds the vast majority of connections: There's a USB-C port, a USB-A port, four more USB 3.0 ports, and two USB 2.0 ports. Via the graphics cards, there are a total of seven DisplayPort connections and three HDMI ports. The system also has built-in Bluetooth and dual-band 802.11ac wireless. Origin includes lifetime 24/7 support and free lifetime labor, alongside a one-year part-replacement warranty. Insane Power for Gaming and Productivity With such premium parts, it's no surprise that the Neuron is a performance dynamo. If you're paying for a dual 1080 Ti desktop, you should expect no less than top-end speed, which it delivers across all tests. In terms of general productivity, it was one of the fastest computers we've tested. Its PCMark 8 Work Conventional score beat all comers, such as the Digital Storm Velox, the 2016 Falcon Northwest Talon, and the Maingear Rush X99 Super Stock. In the multimedia test results (timed Photoshop and Handbrake tests, plus the CineBench score), the Neuron didn't lead the pack in such dominant fashion, but it was right up there with the best of the category. Gaming and 3D performance is where the Neuron really separates itself from the pack. The competitors are all fast desktops, many of which are equipped with GTX 1080s in SLI, but the 1080 Ti upgrade pushes the Neuron to the front, scoring a category-best 21,481 points on 3D Mark's Fire Strike Extreme test. Its Cloud Gate score is on the top end, as well. It should be noted that in real-world use, the Falcon Northwest Talon's dual Pascal Titan X cards should provide more power, which doesn't fully translate on the synthetic tests, but the Talon configuration we tested rings north of $9,500. See How We Test Desktops The Heaven and Valley gaming tests tell the same story of the Neuron's capabilities. Set to Ultra quality and 1080p resolution, the Neuron averaged 278 frames per second (fps) on Heaven and 175fps on Valley. When cranked up to 4K, the desktop averaged 95fps and 113fps on these same tests, proving it's more than capable of smooth 4K gaming. I further confirmed this by playing DOOM in 4K at maximum settings, and the in-game frame counter hovered around 100fps or higher for most of my gameplay. I also played The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt in 4K with all the settings and effects on Ultra, and had a smooth experience. A Clear Leader in Desktop Gaming Sure, the Neuron is more expensive than single-GPU desktops like the Gamer Master Ultra, but you get what you pay for. It's still thousands of dollars less than other high-end systems like the Falcon Northwest Talon or Maingear Rush X99 Super Stock (though those PCs do come with their own top-end advantages), and the stylish but functional case provides a great home for the premium hardware. If you can afford the high-end components, it's tough to beat the power, design, and organization offered by the Origin Neuron. The Digital Storm Velox (Core i7-7700K) is a fast computer, but it's also even more expensive than the Neuron, which is a superior all-around performer with better graphics cards. For its design, pricing, and impressive gaming capability, the Origin Neuron is our new Editors' Choice for high-end gaming desktops. Back to top PCMag may earn affiliate commissions from the shopping links included on this page. These commissions do not affect how we test, rate or review products. To find out more, read our complete terms of use. Other Origin PC Corporation Desktops Origin Chronos VR   %displayPrice%%seller% Origin Genesis (2016)   %displayPrice%%seller% Origin Chronos (X99)   %displayPrice%%seller% Origin Millennium   %displayPrice%%seller% Previous : Dell OptiPlex 7450 All-in-One By Matthew Buzzi Matthew Buzzi is a junior analyst on the Hardware team at PCMag. Matthew graduated from Iona College with a degree in Mass Communications/Journalism. He interned for a college semester at Kotaku, writing about gaming. He has written about technology and video game news, as well as hardware and gaming reviews. In his free time, he likes to go out with friends, watch and discuss sports, play video games, read too much Twitter, and obsessively manage any fantasy sports leagues he's involved in. More » More Stories by Matthew Lenovo ThinkPad X270 The X270 is a compact, though chunky, take on the ThinkPad with a deceptive amount of power. Add to ... More » Lenovo ThinkPad T470s The Lenovo ThinkPad T470s isn't revolutionary, but is a reliable and travel-friendly business laptop... More » Alienware 17 R4 (2017) Delivering unparalleled performance for a single-GPU laptop, the Alienware 17 R4 is highly configura... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles The Coolest Things From Google I/O 2017 WannaCry Ransomware: What You Need to Know 8 Creepy Sounds Recorded in Space by NASA 11 Signal App Tips for Secure Chats Windows 10 Fall Creators Update: 7 Things to Check Out How a Retired Nurse Provides Her Small Vt. Town With Internet »See More //Discover... The Best Laptops of 2017 26 Google Maps Tricks You Need to Try 19 Hidden Roku Tricks for Streaming Success »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com Speedtest.net PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here. ×
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch RaleighDurhamFayettevilleSurrounding Area TOP VIDEOS Log in Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News RaleighDurhamFayettevilleSurrounding Area Categories U.S. & World North Carolina Entertainment Sports Politics Health I-Team Troubleshooter Moneysaver Distraction Science Club Station Info About ABC11 EyeWitness Photos/Video ABC11 Together Events Calendar TV Listings Jobs Shows ABC11 Live Newscasts ABC11 Perspectives LAFF Live Well Network ABC11 Together: Making a difference in the community Follow Us POLITICS Comey agrees to testify before Senate Intel Committee Email share share tweet email EMBED </>More Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc11.com/video/embed/?pid=2014691" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Former FBI director James Comey has agreed to testify in open session before a Senate committee. (Carolyn Kaster) WTVD Friday, May 19, 2017 11:14PM WASHINGTON (WTVD) -- Former FBI Director James Comey has agreed to testify in open session at the Senate Intel Committee Sen. Richard Burr, R-NC, the chairman of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, and Sen. Mark Warner, D-VA, Vice Chairman of the Committee announced Friday that Comey, the embattled former Federal Bureau of Investigation director, has committed to testify in open session before the Committee. Stay on top of breaking news stories with the ABC11 News App The Committee will schedule the open hearing after Memorial Day. "The Committee looks forward to receiving testimony from the former Director on his role in the development of the Intelligence Community Assessment on Russian interference in the 2016 US elections, and I am hopeful that he will clarify for the American people recent events that have been broadly reported in the media," Burr said. President Donald Trump abruptly fired Comey on May 9, dramatically ousting the nation's top law enforcement official in the midst of an FBI investigation into whether Trump's campaign had ties to Russia's meddling in the election that sent him to the White House. RELATED: Tillis on Comey firing: 'Not the way I would've done it' "I hope that former Director Comey's testimony will help answer some of the questions that have arisen since Director Comey was so suddenly dismissed by the President," Warner said. "I also expect that Director Comey will be able to shed light on issues critical to this Committee's investigation of Russian interference in the 2016 election. Director Comey served his country with honor for many years, and he deserves an opportunity to tell his story. Moreover, the American people deserve an opportunity to hear it." RELATED: White House doesn't dispute Trump called Comey a 'nut job' to Russians In a letter to Comey, Trump said the firing was necessary to restore "public trust and confidence" in the FBI. Comey has come under intense scrutiny in recent months for his public comments on an investigation into Democrat Hillary Clinton's email practices, including a pair of letters he sent to Congress on the matter in the closing days of last year's campaign. Report a Typo Related Topics: politicsrichard burrFBIjames comey Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 WTVD-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. Related President Trump fires FBI director James Comey POLITICS Politifact: Voter email is false Former NC state senator gets suspended sentence President Trump to embark on first foreign trip At White House, Fayetteville mayor talks policy, funding More Politics Top Stories Body 'believed to be' missing Duke student found, police say 1 man in hospital after being shot in stomach, Fayetteville police say Police: Man breaks into home, steals woman's underwear Man sues woman because she texted during movie date Hot dogs recalled after 'metal objects' found inside Man injured in Fayetteville shooting, 2 arrested AR-15 stolen from Nash County patrol car Show More Oprah attends Elon graduation to honor student Trumps signs $110 billion arms deal with Saudi Arabia on 'a tremendous day' Boy hit by vehicle in Fayetteville has died, police say Raleigh's colorful Artsplosure draws huge crowd Safety tips to prevent hot car deaths in spring More News Top Video Man injured in Fayetteville shooting, 2 arrested 1 man in hospital after being shot in stomach, Fayetteville police say Body 'believed to be' missing Duke student found, police say Boy hit by vehicle in Fayetteville has died, police say More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News RaleighDurhamFayettevilleSurrounding Area Categories Video Photos U.S. & World North Carolina Entertainment Sports Politics Health Station Info About ABC11 EyeWitness Photos/Video ABC11 Together Events Calendar TV Listings Jobs Shows ABC11 Live Newscasts ABC11 Perspectives LAFF Live Well Network Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps RaleighDurhamFayettevilleSurrounding Area U.S. & World North Carolina Entertainment Sports Politics Health About ABC11 EyeWitness Photos/Video ABC11 Together Events Calendar TV Listings Jobs Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., WTVD-TV Raleigh-Durham. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch RaleighDurhamFayettevilleSurrounding Area Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News RaleighDurhamFayettevilleSurrounding Area Categories U.S. & World North Carolina Entertainment Sports Politics Health I-Team Troubleshooter Moneysaver Distraction Science Club Station Info About ABC11 EyeWitness Photos/Video ABC11 Together Events Calendar TV Listings Jobs Shows ABC11 Live Newscasts ABC11 Perspectives LAFF Live Well Network ABC11 Together: Making a difference in the community Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., WTVD-TV Raleigh-Durham
rediff.com Rediff News News Business Movies Sports Get Ahead  rediff NewsApp  NewsApp (Free)Read news as it happens Available on   Sign in  |  Create a Rediffmail account Rediff News  All News  Rediff.com  » News » New lamps for old, but the genie's missing New lamps for old, but the genie's missing May 21, 2017 10:05 IST Times without count we have bought more complex procedures in the name of simplification, says Shreekant Sambrani. Illustration: Uttam Ghosh/Rediff.com.     I went to renew my driving licence last week, with all supporting documents, including the all-important and pervasive Aadhaar card. Since the regional transport office had moved to more spacious premises 10 km from the city and now claimed to be fully online, I expected the process to be smooth and quick. Perish the thought. It took longer than it did at the old congested office five years ago and needed recourse to time-honoured means, which cost twice as much. Petty corruption is alive, thank you. And thrives on new purple and green diet in place of the old red and yellow bits. As Jean-Baptiste Alphonse Karr observed over 150 years ago, “Plus ça change, plus c'est la même chose” -- the more it changes, the more it remains the same.   That little instance notwithstanding, we live in times of constant change, some of it disruptive even, a period of ever-increasing universal entropy as it were. Without this, we will be in an equilibrium, a stasis with no progress possible. Joseph Schumpeter called the “process of industrial mutation that incessantly revolutionises the economic structure from within, incessantly destroying the old one, incessantly creating a new one” the ‘gale of creative destruction’ in Capitalism, Socialism and Democracy (1942). That pithy description captures the essence of economic progress under free markets.   Closer to our times, Gordon Moore of Fairchild Semiconductors and Intel made a postulation named after him, now modified to state that the semiconductor chip performance would double every 18 months. Moore’s Law, though not a physical one, is hailed as the driving force of much recent productivity and economic growth.   Both these formulations, based entirely on observed phenomena, have no infinite validity. Mr Moore now says that in view of the rapid onset of saturation, his law may not hold good after a decade or so.  That should inject a note of realism amongst analysts who predict a limitless future.   Given the widespread experience of such disruptions leading to growth, we tend often to invest any disruption with similar potential. Initial setbacks are dismissed as transient, a necessary cost for buoyant tomorrows. Political leaders who deliberately upset the established order are especially prone to make claims that their actions presage great good change.   That, of course, is not entirely or always true. Donald Trump’s actions on global trade, environmental conservation or affordable health care are plainly regressive, as is Brexit.  Recep Tayyip Erdogan’s constitutional “reform” will most likely push Turkey back in time.  At home, we are told that government initiatives such as demonetisation, agriculture loan write-offs, change of financial year, fixed-term legislatures and simultaneous elections, and the goods and services tax, are all harbingers of positive development in the near term.   Some of these could be patently disruptive, but not necessarily positive changes. Six months on, the initial slowdown after demonetisation may have disappeared, but Demonetisation and Black Money by C Rammanohar Reddy and Demonetisation Decoded by Jayati Ghosh et al persuasively contend that notebandi has curbed neither corruption nor black money. In a column I argued last month that “All that loan waivers do... is ...to restore farmers to the unrewarding stasis, with the vicious circle...  The distress continues, possibly gaining momentum.” Proposals to change the financial year are invariably accompanied by the rationale that they are more in sync with the agricultural calendar and thus necessarily beneficial. Trouble is, this point can be and has been batted back and forth, leading to a surmise that it matters little one way or the other. I had suggested earlier that under one-nation-one-election idea in the prevailing dominance of the Bharatiya Janata Party “only one party will benefit... Simultaneous elections would leave the BJP in a ...heads-I-win-tails-you-lose situation.”   Why do some of these supposedly game-changing interventions lead to underwhelming outcomes? Two reasons suggest themselves. First, they were meant to serve some other unstated purpose. The rather emphatic assertion of Demonetisation Decoded that the “aim (of demonetisation) was... to project the leader as an extraordinary person who can take such bold and unimaginable decisions” may well be right on target.   The second, and more important, reason is the resourcefulness shown by individuals and institutions likely to be affected by the change in guarding their flank. Driving licence renewals may be superficially simplified, but by keeping the number of counters restricted to the same old number and by assigning dates for renewals beyond the grace period after expiry, the petty bureaucracy ensures that its powers and avenues of gain through agents remain intact. The long-drawn negotiations and the resulting rather complex mechanism for the one genuine reform-oriented disruption, GST, demonstrates the agility of vested interests in protecting their turf. Times without count we have bought more complex procedures in the name of simplification.   A recent survey by ComMutiny, an NGO working with youth, showed that mindset change is the most important prerequisite for any intervention to succeed. But that is far easier said than done, as the less than satisfactory reception to many innovations show. Some disruptions could be downright dysfunctional. Not all new lamps for old contained the magical genie, as Aladdin was to ruefully discover.   Shreekant Sambrani is an economist and founder-director of Institute of Rural Management, Anand. Shreekant Sambrani Source: Tags: Bharatiya Janata Party, Shreekant Sambrani, Gordon Moore, Institute of Rural Management, Fairchild Semiconductors and Intel Share this Write a Comment Print this article   ALSO READ MOST RECENT   MOST COMMENTED How the 'pundits' got everything wrong Bharat is in distress Corruption in business: India ranks 9th 71 pc Indians believe religious leaders are corrupt: Survey The Budget as Budgets should be 'Wear what you want' says Ashley Graham Pak funding row: NIA grills separatist leaders IPL final: Smith, Rohit play down head-to-head results Your summer pics: A dolphin for company La Liga: Zidane hails 'spectacular' squad as Real close in on title How the BJP is quietly penetrating Bengal SC reserves verdict on triple talaq China's Belt and Road Initiative: What are India's options? 2000 Sabarmati Express blast case: Court acquits ex-AMU scholar 'Burhan Wani or Lt Ummer Fayaz? Kashmiris have to decide' Stars spotted!  What's this? Spotted: Tamil actor Karthi at Hyderabad airport Reader Rajagopal sends us a photograph. More stars spotted Met a celebrity? Email us photos & videos Business emailOffice email AppDomain registrationWebsiteRediffmailMoneyCompany emailOnline ShoppingBooksGiftsVideosBlogsBuzz News India  |  Latest News India  |  Bollywood News  |  Indian Cricket Score  |  India Business News © 2017 Rediff.com - Investors - Advertise - Disclaimer - Privacy - Careers - Feedback | Terms of use ▲
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets closed S&P 500 2,381.73 +16.01 (+0.68%) Dow 30 20,804.84 +141.82 (+0.69%) Nasdaq 6,083.70 +28.57 (+0.47%) Why you shouldn't buy a new MacBook right now Todd Haselton CNBC May 19, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Getty Images. Apple is reportedly gearing up to launch new laptops soon, so don't buy a new MacBook, MacBook Pro or MacBook Air right now.More Don't buy a new MacBook right now, no matter what model you're considering. A report this week suggested that Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) is gearing up to announce new MacBooks as soon as next month during its annual developer conference, known as WWDC. It makes perfect sense, too, since this is where Apple typically unveils new software that powers its computers. In this case, we're expecting an update to macOS. Bloomberg said this week that Apple is planning to introduce, at the very least, a refreshed MacBook Pro with Intel's latest seventh-generation processors. Apple, for whatever reason, wasn't able to get those chips in time for the initial launch of the MacBook Pro with Touch Bar, which only launched back in October. Apple is also planning to update its smaller and thinner MacBook laptops with the new processors, too, so you'll want to make sure you aren't buying that right now either. Additionally, Apple may — though Bloomberg was less confident on this — finally refresh the MacBook Air laptop, its thin-and-light machine that still offers some of the more traditional ports, like full-size USB and an SD card slot, which people still want. Intel's new processors are more powerful and are also more efficient, which means you should see longer battery life out of them. It's unclear if Apple plans to make any other changes to its laptops, but you'd be silly not to sit on the bench for a few weeks just to find out what's in store. Take this as a simple public service announcement. Sit tight on buying a new MacBook, MacBook Air or MacBook Pro right now. Apple should have fresh models on the market very soon. Oh, and for what it's worth, you also shouldn't buy a new iPad Pro yet. More From CNBC There's no better time to buy a new smartphone than right now Google's Siri competitor is now on the iPhone -- and it does things Siri can't Here’s how to use Instagram’s new face filters Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Leaked iPhone 8 mold suggests device will be slightly larger than the iPhone 7 BGR News This is the new laptop Microsoft will unveil next week, but don’t call it a Surface Pro 5 BGR News 4 Stocks I'll Hold Forever -- The Motley Fool The Motley Fool The smaller iPad Pro should be coming next month BGR News This is your rare opportunity to buy a dip in Apple, trader says CNBC White House officials say Trump is 'undisciplined' and 'self-destructive' Business Insider Why Amazon let 4,000 dogs into its Seattle headquarters Yahoo Finance 11 judges will soon decide the fate of a polarizing US agency Yahoo Finance Scientists hunt down super rare T. Rex ant and are shocked at what they find BGR News Nvidia Horus Yahoo Finance Video Leon Cooperman: There are four things you can do with wealth Yahoo Finance Couple who paid off $18,000 in 54 days shares their No. 1 money saving tip CNBC The White House is reportedly starting to prepare for the distant possibility of impeachment proceedings Business Insider Saudis welcome Trump with gold medal, receive arms package Associated Press Best Buy will have the Nintendo Switch in stock tomorrow BGR News Nvidia-GTC-2017-Corrected Yahoo Finance Video Report: Sheriff Clarke Plagiarized Parts Of Thesis On Homeland Security Avbfish: This is getting old and way too obvious, but turnabout is fair play. Any Republicans out there with some free time ought to start researching papers and letters written by Democratic figureheads to "discover" plagiarism. You will. Your only challenge will be finding any media source other than Fox willing to announce it. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 431
Technology content trusted in North America and globally since 1999 7,515 Reviews & Articles | 55,334 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket AM4 Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU Home News Laptops ASUS teases AMD Ryzen powered ROG gaming laptop ASUS is working on a new Ryzen-powered ROG laptop By: Anthony Garreffa | Laptops News | Posted: 7 hours, 9 mins ago Comment () | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA AMD hasn't powered a high-end gaming laptop in what feels like forever, as Intel's more power efficient CPUs have been perfect - at least until now, in gaming laptops.     ASUS is now teasing with its new trailer for 'Something Has Awakened' on its ROG channel on YouTube, with what should be a new Ryzen-powered gaming laptop in its growing ROG line up of gaming products. The company teases #Computex2017 - so we are only a week away from seeing it in action.   Now, will ASUS use a new, unannounced APU powered by Ryzen, or will it be a high-end Ryzen 7 1700X/1800X with a dedicated GPU. If it's rocking a dGPU, will it be an AMD Radeon RX 580, unreleased Radeon RX Vega (that will be showcased on May 31 during AMD's Computex 2017 keynote) or one of NVIDIA's many GeForce graphics cards.   >> NEXT STORY: Qualcomm Snapdragon 845: 10nm, LPDDR4X, due in Q1 2018 << PREVIOUS STORY: Audi set to manufacture three all-electric cars by 2020 Related Tags AMD ASUS ASUS ROG AMD Ryzen ASUS Ryzen gaming laptop ASUS Ryzen ROG Ryzen Intel NVIDIA Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts Valve gives you a VR social space with SteamVR Home Microsoft Research shows off prototype AR technology Qualcomm Snapdragon 845: 10nm, LPDDR4X, due in Q1 2018 ASUS teases AMD Ryzen powered ROG gaming laptop Audi set to manufacture three all-electric cars by 2020View More News Posts Forum Activity Custom Storage Unit Z170-WS, 3002 bios, and SLI not working. Anyone else experience this? Samsung EVO Plus 128GB microSDXC Memory Card Review Riotoro CR480 Mid-Tower Chassis Review Riotoro CR480 Mid-Tower Chassis ReviewView More Forum Posts Press Releases Western Digital sets new standard with latest generation in popular HGST-brand Ultrastar SAS SSD family AMD raises expectations for server performance, unveils EPYC processor brand for the datacenter HighPoint's SSD7101 PCIe board-sized drive series integrate Samsung 960 NVMe SSDs to deliver groundbreaking performance over 12GB/s Micron accelerates all-flash storage speed, performance and value with new flexible petabyte-scale enterprise data center solution Qualcomm Snapdragon 660 and 630 mobile platforms drive advanced photography, enhanced gaming, integrated connectivity and machine learningView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2017 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
Search for: About DCK Subscribe Events Training Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content Design Machine Learning Hyper-convergence Supercomputers Edge Computing Power and Cooling Hardware Storage Networks Open Source Manage Security DevOps DCIM Uptime Business Deals Investing Startups Regulation Colocation Cloud Energy How to… Data Center World More Companies DCIM InfoCenter Humor Industry Perspectives Regions The Data Center Podcast The Apple Data Center FAQ The Facebook Data Center FAQ Google Data Center FAQ Data Center Knowledge Top Trending Articles Oracle Closes Big Cloud Deal With AT&T, Inks Equinix Partnership Massive, Six-Story Data Center in a Norwegian Mine Comes Online The Fat New Pipes that Link Facebook Data Centers Furious Land War Erupts Outside CME Data Center Cyxtera Puts a Fresh Spin on CenturyLink’s Former Data Center Empire Previous Article Tear Down the Silos: a Call for App-Centric Infrastructure Performance Management A technician at work in a data hall at Facebook's Altoona, Iowa, data center. (Photo: @2014 Jacob Sharp Photography) Featured, Uncategorized Top Five Data Center Stories: Week of May 19 by Data Center Knowledge  on May 20, 2017 Add Your Comments Tweet Here are the top stories that appeared on Data Center Knowledge this week: Facebook’s Data Center Powerhouse Spawns another Startup – RStor believes “network is storage.” NVIDIA CEO: AI Workloads Will “Flood” Data Centers – In preparation for this flood, data center managers need to answer some key basic questions. Google to Sell New AI `Supercomputer’ Chip Via Cloud Business – Google hopes it will quicken the pace of AI advancements. And despite official statements to the contrary, it may also threaten Intel Corp. and Nvidia Corp., the main suppliers of powerful semiconductors that run large processing tasks. HPE Rolls Out The Machine Prototype, Its Version of the Future of Computing – The core idea behind HPE’s new architecture – “the largest R&D program in the history of the company” – is replacing focus on the processor with focus on memory. Microsoft: Government Should Regulate IoT Security – Security is one of the biggest challenges in the budding IoT space, as companies rush products to the hot new market. Currently the “bar is low” for IoT security, according to Microsoft’s IoT chief. Stay current on data center industry news by subscribing to our RSS feed and daily e-mail updates, or by following us on Twitter or Facebook or join our LinkedIn Group – Data Center Knowledge Previous Article Tear Down the Silos: a Call for App-Centric Infrastructure Performance Management Tweet Get Daily Email News from DCK!Subscribe now and get our special report, "The World's Most Unique Data Centers." Email* Country* Please select United States United Kingdom Canada India Netherlands Australia South Africa France Germany Singapore Sweden Brazil -------------- Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil Brit/Indian Ocean Terr. Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Dem. Republic Of Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Terr. Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar United Kingdom Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard/McDonald Isls. Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea (North) Korea (South) Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar N. Mariana Isls. Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Samoa San Marino Sao Tome/Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia and Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovak Republic Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka St. Helena St. Pierre and Miquelon St. Vincent and Grenadines Sudan Suriname Svalbard/Jan Mayen Isls. Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks/Caicos Isls. Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United States US Minor Outlying Is. Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands (British) Virgin Islands (U.S.) Wallis/Futuna Isls. Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Enter your email to receive messages about offerings by Penton, its brands, affiliates and/or third-party partners, consistent with Penton's Privacy Policy. About the Author Data Center Knowledge (217 Posts) Data Center Knowledge is a leading online source of daily news and analysis about the data center industry. We cover a wide scope. Areas of coverage include advancements in power and cooling technology, processor and server architecture, networks, storage, the colocation industry, managed services and cloud, as well as developments in the modern web-scale data center space. Related Stories Business Top Five Data Center Stories: Week of March 24 by Data Center Knowledge on March 25, 2017 Here are the top stories that appeared on Data Center Knowledge this week. Read More Business Top Five Data Center Stories: Week of March 18 by Data Center Knowledge on March 19, 2017 Here are the top stories that appeared on Data Center Knowledge this week. Read More Business Top 5 Data Center Stories, Week of June 17 by Data Center Knowledge on June 18, 2016 For your weekend reading, here are some of the most popular stories that ran on Data Center Knowledge this week Read More Business Top 5 Data Center Stories, Week of May 6 by Data Center Knowledge on May 7, 2016 Here are the most popular stories that ran on Data Center Knowledge this week Read More Business Top 5 Data Center Stories, Week of July 24th by Data Center Knowledge on July 25, 2015 Here are some of the most popular stories on Data Center Knowledge this week Read More Add Your Comments Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (required) (will not be published) Website Get Daily Email News from DCK! Email* Country* Please select United States United Kingdom Canada India Netherlands Australia South Africa France Germany Singapore Sweden Brazil -------------- Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil Brit/Indian Ocean Terr. Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Dem. Republic Of Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Terr. Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar United Kingdom Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard/McDonald Isls. Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea (North) Korea (South) Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar N. Mariana Isls. Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Samoa San Marino Sao Tome/Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia and Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovak Republic Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka St. Helena St. Pierre and Miquelon St. Vincent and Grenadines Sudan Suriname Svalbard/Jan Mayen Isls. Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks/Caicos Isls. Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United States US Minor Outlying Is. Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands (British) Virgin Islands (U.S.) Wallis/Futuna Isls. Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Enter your email to receive messages about offerings by Penton, its brands, affiliates and/or third-party partners, consistent with Penton's Privacy Policy. Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google Plus RSS Feeds Featured Cloud Articles Cold Storage in the Cloud: Comparing AWS, Google, Microsoft Top Cloud Providers Made $11B on IaaS in 2015, but It’s Only the Beginning Featured Cooling Articles Dell Designs Custom Liquid Cooling System for eBay Data Centers Yahoo Wants to Sell Its ‘Chicken Coop’ Data Center Designs Archived Articles Select Month May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 Inside DCK About Us Advertise Staff Contact Us Submit News Submit Guest Column Site Map Hot Topics DCIM InfoCenter Facebook Apple Microsoft Google News Channels White Papers Events Calendar Internet of Things Storage Convergence Investing Stay Connected Daily Email Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Data Center Videos Humor Webinars Hosting and Cloud Web Hosting Talk HostingCon WHIR Hosting Catalog Hottest Hosts Data Center Data Center Knowledge Data Center World AFCOM Web Development Hot Scripts DB Forums Performance Marketing ABestWeb Consumer Tech Windows Secrets Overclockers Mac Forums Penton Privacy Policy Terms of Services Advertise Hosting By: LiquidWeb Powered by Penton Copyright © Penton Thank you Thank you for providing feedback. We receive a lot of feedback/requests so we cannot always respond immediately. We will do our best to respond to your feedback.
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Why One Analyst Thinks AMD’s Rally Could Be Over By Chris Lange May 20, 2017 9:05 am EDT Print Email Tweet Advanced Micro Devices Inc. (NASDAQ: AMD) shares have been on an absolute tear over the past 52 weeks, up close to 200%, although this has been more muted in 2017. Much of these gains have been in regards to AMD’s development of its Ryzen CPU series. The stock has a consensus analyst price target of $12.66, which is relatively close to the current price level. With the consensus where it is, analysts seem to believe most this rally has already been priced in. In fact based on the outlook for AMD’s Ryzen series, one key analyst is moving to the sideline on the stock. As part of this guidance, AMD announced plans to launch Ryzen 3 CPUs for premium desktops in the third quarter, Ryzen Pro for commercial desktops in the second half of 2017, Ryzen Mobile for consumer in the second half of 2017, Mobile Ryzen Pro for commercial in the first half of 2018, Vega GPUs in June, and Epyc CPUs for servers in June. AMD expects Ryzen CPUs to be made available by the top five PC original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) in the second quarter. As a result, AMD reiterated its year-over-year revenue guidance for 2017 of low double-digit percentage growth and expects the ramp up of these products along with continued growth in semi-custom chips for game consoles to drive sustained this double-digit revenue growth as a percentage through 2020. AMD also guided long-term revenue growth of double digits as a percentage driven by a few reasons: New product momentum. Pro forma gross to a range of 40% to 44% driven by higher average selling prices (ASPs) and richer product mix. OpEx as a percent of overall revenue in a range of 26% to 30% as AMD needs to continue to invest. Pro forma EPS of >$0.75 driven by improving profitability. As a result, Loop Capital downgraded AMD to a Hold rating but maintained its price target of $13, implying upside of 2% compared with a $12.75 close. In a sense the firm is moving to the sideline on this stock. The brokerage firm also added: We believe shares of AMD increased 11.65% yesterday vs. the 1.49% of the SOX primarily due to an article in Fudzilla that implies Intel will be licensing AMD’s GPU (graphics processing unit) IP. Intel and NVIDIA’s 7-yr licensing and royalty agreement recently ended. This agreement gave Intel the rights in perpetuity to every one of NVIDIA’s patents (since NVIDIA’s inception) up to the conclusion of the agreement. We believe with Intel having 106,000 employees vs. AMD’s 8,200 (as of December 2016) and rights in perpetuity (i.e. forever) to every one of NVIDIA’s GPU patents up to January 2017 that Intel does not need AMD’s GPU IP and think it’s very unlikely Intel will strike a licensing deal with AMD. Shares of AMD closed Friday at $11.40, with a 52-week trading range of $3.81 to $15.55. Over the course of the week the stock was actually up 1%, however it was up as high as 13% on Tuesday. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « Verizon Remains DJIA’s Worst Performing 2017 Stock for Fifth Straight Week Apple Remains Best Performing DJIA Stock of 2017 » Read more: Technology, Analyst Downgrades, semiconductors, Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NYSE:AMD) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular Cities Hit Hardest by Extreme Poverty The Drunkest (and Driest) Cities in America The 25 Healthiest Cities in America 36 Passports with the Best Travel Perks States With the Worst Roads Recent Apple Remains Best Performing DJIA Stock of 2017 Why One Analyst Thinks AMD’s Rally Could Be Over Verizon Remains DJIA’s Worst Performing 2017 Stock for Fifth Straight Week Why Analysts Are Still Positive on Cisco Even After This Report Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Tax-Free Investment vs. Taxable Investment What Types of Retirement Plans Can I Roll Over? 2 Top Cruise Line Stocks to Buy in 2017 Nasdaq Composite ends week down 0.6% For the week, Dow, S&P 500 end week off 0.4% Dow, S&P, Nasdaq finish week in the red, but pare worst of decline New Research Reports for Britol-Myers, Pricline & Phillips 66 Shire (SHPG) Up on Positive Phase III Study Data on HAE Drug Is Chipotle Mexican Grill (CMG) Entering "Buy" Territory? Wall Street Week Ahead: Softer Dollar May Be Stock Silver Lining Amid Washington Drama Ex-FBI Director Comey To Testify In Public Senate Hearing Why Gerdau, Cosan, and Companhia Siderurgica Nacional Stocks Soared Today SWAMP Act Would Make Donald Trump Pay For His Own Visits To Mar-A-Lago Woman Awarded $100,000 For Starbucks Coffee Burns Senators Demand Answers After Reporter Is 'Manhandled' At FCC Hearing Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Toggle navigation Login Register RS Gathering Diaries × Toggle navigation Watercooler 05/20/17 Open Thread: Last Week, RedState Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Watercooler 05/20/17 Open Thread: Last Week, RedState DIARY / tonysc //  Posted at 3:00 pm on May 20, 2017 by tonysc Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Welcome to today’s edition of Watercooler: Last Week, RedState.   This WC is all about Posts, Reader’s Diaries, and comments at RedState Hot Topics Last Week: Trump and his very best people are good at giving us things to post about.  There were a number of posts that deal with the Comey firing, see Susan’s piece on Comey agreeing to testify (or not) here: Comey To Senate Intel Committee: Testify? Sure, I’ll Testify – My Way  Streiff’s piece on some of the motivations for Comey’s behavior need to be considered, see: Comey Associate Says That Comey Might Be Out to Bring Down Trump was a short piece with a lot of comments. Recurring Topics at RS: Today I’d like to take up Climate Change but from a decidedly different perspective.  Many conservatives and most good scientists, amateur or professional, have tried to crack the nut that is the AGW crowd’s modeling and forecasts.  I’ve held for a while that this is a futile exercise since the AGW crowd uses a strategy I’d call A Retreat into Complexity.  That is, if you can’t properly explain something with a simple, parsimonious theory, make the theory and it’s usage so complex and intractable that to unravel it requires an inordinate amount of time and no matter what is done, it will always be subject to another round of A Retreat into Complexity!  Sure, they’ll miss a projection and, yes, we’ve had 2+ decades without an increase but, so what?  It’s an almost perfect strategy while it lasts and it can last a good long time.  This strategy closely resembles W.C. Fields’ saying that…  If you can’t dazzle them with brilliance, baffle them with BS! With the AGW crowd using A Retreat into Complexity defense there’s no need for taking a last stand since, if we let them use it once, they can use it until we cut off that line of retreat.  If the defensive strategy is so robust, what’s to be done to finally defeat them? Let’s attack this issue from the POV of two, competing climate models.  Since A Retreat into Complexity defense requires something that can be over-complicated, the second model, if one exists, must address the warming that the earth has experienced in a simple to understand scientific way and must be based on real science and not some pseudo-scientific theory. The goal:  AGW estimates that, based on the temperature increase, (a) the earth has warmed by a estimate .5 watts / square meter over the last 150 years and (b) that increase in solely due to man-made CO2 increases.  Since the underlying assumption is that this warming has been caused by the increase in CO2 emissions via a feedback loop then these two facts are a good place to start. Trending Meet Penzeys, the Rabidly Leftist Spice Company that Hates Pro-Lifers, Christians and Republicans Teri Christoph Our competing theory then must address (a) the .5 watts/square meter and (b) must offer a competing theory for that increase in place of the CO2 feedback loop.  Fortunately, there is a theory out there already constructed that we can use, it was put forth by Henrik Svensmark  (see the book “The Chilling Stars: A Cosmic View of Climate Change”) and his theory is good enough to start with. Main Points: AGW: Man-made CO2 increases create a feedback loop and will, if not stopped, cause temperatures to rise.  The increase in temperature is approximately .5 watts/square meter. Svensmark: Changes in a particular class of cloud cover across the globe affects the amount of solar energy reflected back into space; Changes in cloud cover are estimated to change the amount of solar energy reaching the earth by .5 watts / square meter; Cloud coverage is directly related to changes in the amount of cosmic radiation reaching the cloud forming regions of the atmosphere. Cosmic radiation intensity seen in the earth’s region is a function of where the solar system is currently positioned within the Milky Way galaxy and some regions have more and others less cosmic radiation; The amount of cosmic radiation reaching the earth has three principle components: The sun’s magnetic field strength in the region of the earth; The earth’s magnetic field strength around the earth; and The density of the atmosphere around the earth. The sun’s magnetic field strength in the region of the earth is the component with the greatest variability based on the number and intensity of solar activity in the sun; Periods of global warming and cooling are highly correlated with the solar activity and periods like the Maunder Minimum and other solar minimums line up nicely with periods like the Little Ice Age; and Solar intensity does not materially change over the eons and is not a factor in global warming. Note:  I intentionally ignored the other complexities of the AGW theory and focused solely on the temperature increase. Of the two theories, AGW treats clouds as an afterthought but, in Svensmark’s theory, the changes in cloud cover is the primary focus of his theory and it accounts for virtually all of the increases in solar energy absorption seen over the last 150 years. Although I am in a STEM field, I pursue science as a hobby so I don’t have time to waste my life following false theories.  If I’m presented with two theories to explain the same observed phenomena and the first, or mainstream, AGW theory ignores or can not model a major component of a competing theory and… that ignored component closely approximates the objective of importance (i.e. .5 watts/square meter), I’m going to pick the most parsimonious theory and work with that one.  Maybe the chosen theory has holes of its own but I choose to pursue the richest field of endeavor, AGW does not measure up to that standard. Call that anti-science if you’d like but, it just seems like good scientific methodology to me. RS Gatekeeper: This is a first for me, Streiff’s piece on some of the motivations for Comey’s behavior was talked about above.  It was a short piece with a lot of comments but many of those comments were about the decidedly un-welcoming tone to some of the back-and-forth in the comments sections of posts.   I’ve noted before that the Posting Rules are not available but some rules that seems to be routinely broken are: (2) Name-calling and personal attacks directed at other users; (3) Following a user on the site to abuse, harass, or disrupt; 4) singling out a user for abuse or harassment for any reason. I think we can do better at RedState! Memorable RS One-Liners: “She’s faking it.“, in response to the observation that: It is a strange state of affairs when you find Nancy Pelosi acting like a sane person.  JohnCV Best Video or Picture Usage: In response to… And shame on YOU for posting that pic. PASS THE MINDBLEACH, STAT!  Thanks for the image Joliphant RedState Tips: I don’t have any for today but feel free to share below. _____________________ Drink up, that’s it for the Watercooler today. Remember, this thread is all about RedState contributors from: the front page, Reader’s Diaries, or in the comments section. Thanks for stopping by, hanging out, and drink up. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Recent Stories Leakers Allege White House Plans To Use Ethics Rules To Weaken Independent Counsel streiff Comey’s Dad Is Not Amused Susan Wright Meet Penzeys, the Rabidly Leftist Spice Company that Hates Pro-Lifers, Christians and Republicans Teri Christoph COMMENTS POSTING RULES  |  LOGIN TO COMMENT  |  REGISTER TODAY Trending Trump Ally Lashes Out At Trump's Meeting With Saudis Gov. Jerry Brown Calls California Taxpayers "Freeloaders" BREAKING. CNN Declares Russia To Be A Muslim Nation Trey Gowdy: There Was Collusion Between the Justice Department and the Clinton Campaign (VIDEO) James Comey Throws Shade at Rod Rosenstein Eww. Anderson Cooper Apologizes for…What? Jim Jamitis Trey Gowdy: There Was Collusion Between the Justice Department and the Clinton Campaign (VIDEO) streiff Making The Best Cocktails for The Preakness Brad Slager Minor League Baseball Is Enjoying A Boost, Thanks To Tim Tebow Susan Wright Robert Mueller Likely Good for Congressional Republicans, and the President Josh Kimbrell James Comey Throws Shade at Rod Rosenstein streiff Trending on Townhall Media Impeachable? Trump gets TWO scoops of ice cream while the peasants all get one - Hot Air hotair.com Leakers Allege White House Plans To Use Ethics Rules To Weaken Independent Counsel redstate.com Political Cartoons by Chip Bok townhall.com A New Dark Age | Human Events humanevents.com Home RS Gathering Advertise Newsletters Privacy Policy Terms of Use Copyright RedState.com. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you
Share 170 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-05-20 Watch ‘Arrow’s’ Stephen Amell Destroy The ‘American Ninja Warrior’ Obstacle Course For Red Nose Day 2017 Entertainment 2017-05-20 How To Watch ‘Twin Peaks’ On Showtime Without Cable Entertainment 2017-05-20 ‘The Real World’ 25th Anniversary: Inside The MTV Hit That Paved The Way For Today’s Reality TV Entertainment 2017-05-20 Watch Billboard Music Awards Live Streaming Online, Plus Facts You Need To Know About The BBMAs News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-05-21 World War 3 Alert: Kim Jong-Un Threatens U.S. With ‘No Mercy’ After Latest Missile Test Nuclear Breakthrough News 2017-05-20 Did Trump Bow Or Bend Over For Saudi King After Warning Entourage Not To Bow? [Opinion] News 2017-05-20 World War 3 News: North Korea Not Ready To Back Down, Kim Jong-Un Praises Successful Missile Launch News 2017-05-20 Impeachment Coming? House Judiciary Committee Reportedly Starting Process To Remove President From Office Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Basketball 2017-05-21 Can The Boston Celtics Win A Game In Cleveland? [Opinion] Wrestling 2017-05-20 Do WWE Officials Believe Finn Balor Is Too Small To Face Brock Lesnar? Wrestling 2017-05-20 WWE Hall Of Fame Legend Ted DiBiase Says There Is Only One True Heel In The WWE Today Basketball 2017-05-20 Golden State Warriors Vs. San Antonio Spurs Game 3: Warriors Go Up 3-0 Following Further Spurs Injuries Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-05-19 Dunkin’ Donuts Gives Away Free Frozen Coffee Samples Today, And ‘Freeze The Day With $1K’ Giveaway Ends Today Lifestyle 2017-05-18 Slurpee ‘Bring Your Own Cup Day’ Returns To 7-Eleven For 2017, What You Need To Know About #BYOCUPDAY Lifestyle 2017-05-15 5 Lessons In Running A Successful Business, According To Kylie Jenner Lifestyle 2017-05-11 Today Is National Eat What You Want Day! Here’s How To Score Free Food Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-05-20 Pope Francis Says That Embryos Should Never Be Used In Research, Not Even To Fight Incurable Diseases Health 2017-05-20 Rising Deer Tick Populations Could Mean Huge Increase In Lyme Disease Cases In 2017 Health 2017-05-20 Kissing Bug Chagas Disease: Disgusting Way To Die Just Deemed Deadlier Health 2017-05-19 Warning About Faulty Lead Testing In Children And Mothers Since 2014 Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-05-20 ‘Clash Of Clans’ Update: ‘Captain’s Log: Day 5’ Appears, Frustrates Users About ‘Clash Of Clans’ Download Technology 2017-05-20 WannaCry Ransomware Coming Back? Hackers Hard At Work On Resurrecting WannaCry, Says Expert Science 2017-05-20 Stephen Hawking Reiterates ‘100 Years Left’ Prediction, Says It’s Time To Find A New Earth Technology 2017-05-20 Google Photos Now Allows Actual Photo Books, Not Albums BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-05-20 Video Of Black Man Slapping White Woman On Bus For Racial Slur Goes Viral, Sparks Debate BuzzWorthy 2017-05-20 Melania’s $487 Gold Belt, Trump’s Gold Chain Are Twitter Memes: Did Trump Bow To Saudi King Salman? [Photos] BuzzWorthy 2017-05-20 Donald Trump Assassination: He Will Win The War Against ISIS But Will Be Shot, Says Psychic BuzzWorthy 2017-05-20 Climate Change Caused By The Penis, According To Academic Journal SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Ex-FBI Director James Comey To Testify In Public Senate Hearing News 170 0 0 May 19, 2017 Ex-FBI Director James Comey To Testify In Public Senate Hearing Brian Waite Former FBI Director James Comey has agreed to testify in an open session before the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, according to Committee Chairman Senator Richard Burr and Committee Vice Chairman Senator Mark Warner. The hearing, which will focus on Comey’s role in the investigation into the alleged ties between President Donald Trump’s election campaign and Russian operatives, will be scheduled sometime after the upcoming Memorial Day weekend. “The Committee looks forward to receiving testimony from the former Director on his role in the development of the Intelligence Community Assessment on Russian interference in the 2016 US elections,” Senator Burr commented in a joint statement with Senator Warner, “and I am hopeful that he will clarify for the American people recent events that have been broadly reported in the media.” This comes on the heels of Comey’s recent unexpected dismissal as FBI director by President Trump, which raised a lot of eyebrows in the government and the media, and the ethics of Trump’s decision has been widely questioned by the public. In the 24 hours following the firing, there were close to 2.7 million mentions about Comey on Twitter, and since then there have only been more questions as new twists in the situation are being reported almost daily. Joint statement with @SenatorBurr: Former FBI Director Comey Agrees to Testify in Open Session at Senate Intel Committee pic.twitter.com/w3eBVAEUfV — Mark Warner (@MarkWarner) May 19, 2017 The initial reports were that Trump’s decision came as a result of a recommendation by Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein and that it was because of Comey’s handling of the investigation into Hillary Clinton’s scandal regarding the homebrew email server that she used while she was secretary of state under Barack Obama. However, in an interview two days later with NBC’s Lester Holt, President Trump stated that he was already planning to fire Comey regardless of any recommendation due to the Russia investigation. Following that admission, an internal FBI memo surfaced written by Comey after a February meeting with Trump, in which he documented a request from President Trump. According to Comey’s memo, the president had made his feelings known on the investigation into former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn regarding his own ties to Russia. In his memo, Comey allegedly documented an instance after a meeting he had with President Trump, Vice President Mike Pence, and Attorney General Jeff Sessions. Trump reportedly asked Pence and Sessions to leave the room and then approached Comey with his request. Many are eagerly awaiting the testimony from former FBI Director James Comey [Image by J. Scott Applewhite/AP Images] “I hope you can see your way clear to letting this go, to letting Flynn go,” Comey quoted Trump in his memo. “He is a good guy. I hope you can let this go.” As more troubling details come out about Comey’s termination as FBI director, the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence is looking forward to clearing up some of the speculation and finding some real answers, according to Senator Warner in the joint statement from Committee Chairs. “I hope that former Director Comey’s testimony will help answer some of the questions that have arisen since Director Comey was so suddenly dismissed by the President. I also expect that Director Comey will be able to shed light on issues critical to this Committee’s investigation of Russian interference in the 2016 election. Director Comey served his country with honor for many years, and he deserves an opportunity to tell his story. Moreover, the American people deserve to hear it.” Comey’s commitment to testify before the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence is not unexpected, despite what many believed to be a thinly veiled threat about taped conversations from President Trump via Twitter. When the Committee invited him to speak in a closed-door session, Comey declined, but he made it very clear that he wants to testify. His one condition was that he would only speak before the public in an open hearing. James Comey better hope that there are no "tapes" of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 12, 2017 Following additional calls from several members of Congress for Comey to testify, Comey reiterated his willingness, but until now there was no official commitment. With the appointment of Robert Mueller by the U.S. Justice Department as special counsel to lead the Russian investigation, the unfolding drama is showing no signs of slowing down. Certainly, millions of people will be eagerly awaiting the upcoming public hearing and the testimony from the former FBI director. [Featured Image by Carolyn Kaster/AP Images] Now Watch This: Pope Francis And Donald Trump Kissing In Mural Outside The Vatican Now Read This: World War 3 Alert: Kim Jong-Un Threatens U.S. With ‘No Mercy’ After Latest Missile Test Nuclear Breakthrough Share 170 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Contributor Brian Waite Tags: comey, election, FBI, hearing May 21, 2017 ‘Dragon Ball Super’ Episode 91 Recap/Review: Things Go South For U7, Gowasu Does GodTube & Roshi Torments Puar May 20, 2017 ‘Attack On Titan’ Season 2, Episode 8, Review: Hannes Is Built Up, As ‘AoT’ Drops Multiple Death Flags Comments LATEST HEADLINES To Find Alien Megastructures And Advanced Extraterrestrial Civilizations, Look To Pulsars Willie Nelson Death Hoax Sweeps The Internet Again — Singer Responds To Rumors That He Died With Laughter Can The Boston Celtics Win A Game In Cleveland? [Opinion] ‘Power’ Season 4: 50 Cent And Cast In BTS Pics Ahead Of Summer Release Tom Hanks Goes Off On New York City Driver And Gushes Over Emma Watson World War 3 Alert: Kim Jong-Un Threatens U.S. With ‘No Mercy’ After Latest Missile Test Nuclear Breakthrough Kylie Jenner Admits How She Got Her Famous Curves, Despite Hating Work Outs Lil Wayne, Birdman ‘C5’ Beef Started Over Google Misunderstanding ‘Ismael’s Ghosts’ Star Marion Cotillard Ditches Dior For Chanel At Cannes Do WWE Officials Believe Finn Balor Is Too Small To Face Brock Lesnar? Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Trending Stories Impeach Donald Trump Now, Say Nearly Half Of American Voters In New Poll 37.3k 0 0 Disney Announces Huge Partnership With LuLaRoe For Official Disney-Themed Line Of Leggings And More Collection 22.2k 0 0 Jared Kushner Investigation: Top W.H. Aide Reportedly ‘Person Of Interest’ In Quickly Expanding Russia Probe 21.4k 0 0 Kourtney Kardashian Celebrated Mother’s Day By Getting Totally Naked Again 18k 0 0 A Tete-A-Tete With Jordan Patch And April The Giraffe 13.6k 0 0 Vice President Mike Pence, Speaker Ryan, And Mitch McConnell Implicated In Cover Up 8.7k 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr.
Skip to main content Windows Central Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions Windows Tablets & Laptops Surface Laptop Surface Pro 4 Surface Book Windows 10 Windows 10 S Windows 10 Mobile Windows Phones Lumia 950 XL Lumia 950 HP Elite x3 The Xbox Lounge Shop HOT DEAL$ Digital Deals All Accessories Cases & Covers Chargers & Cables Docks & Cradles Batteries Screen Protectors Laptop Buyers Guide Windows 10 Help & How To Best Windows Store Apps Best Windows Store Games Apps Microsoft Insider Program Surface Surface Tips Surface Book Surface Pro 4 Surface Pro 3 Xbox Game Reviews Xbox LIVE Project Scorpio The Best Laptop Reviews Deals Today's Trending Tech Deals Digital Offers Dell Laptop Deals Live Help Podcast Log in or Sign up Fewer ads and it's free! Windows Central Forums All News Stories Phone News Surface News Windows News Xbox News MSFT News Apps Games Reviews Virtual Reality Help & How To Question & Answer Contests Shop Accessories Podcasts Videos Newsletter Contact us Tip Us On News Download our app! Android Central CrackBerry iMore Windows Central Tesla Central VR Heads MrMobile Modern Dad Splish Splash Lenovo brings splash of color to its new IdeaPad lineup A Beast Lenovo's new Legion Y920 is a monster gaming laptop with a price to match Budget laptops we love On a budget? You'll love these 4 affordable laptops Awesome and affordable gaming Lenovo's Legion Y520 delivers high-end gaming on a budget Call the WLANbulance How to replace your XPS 13's wireless card to fix Wi-Fi issues < > Surface Laptop Windows 10 Creators Update Best Laptops Best VPN Services Best Antivirus Surface Book Surface Pro 4 Lumia 950 XL Lumia 950 Windows 10 Tip us on News! Pre-order: Surface Laptop A worthy successor to the T460s Lenovo ThinkPad T470s review: This quality business PC lives up to the ThinkPad legacy By Cale Hunt Friday, May 19, 2017 at 1:00 pm EDT 6 Comments The slim sibling of the Lenovo T470 delivers a lot to love, and it might especially appeal to X1 Carbon fans who were holding out because of the price. The fabled T-series ThinkPads have come a long way since they were first introduced. One of the latest models in the line, Lenovo's ThinkPad T470s sits somewhere between its bulkier T470 sibling and the thinner X1 Carbon. With a WQHD display option, Intel "Kaby Lake" processor, and a wireless modem option, it appears that the T470s is a worthy successor to the T460s. These laptops have always been about delivering a perfect mix of performance and portability. Let's see if the ThinkPad T470s continues the trend in a long line of coveted business PCs. About this review Lenovo supplied Windows Central with a review unit of the 14-inch ThinkPad T470s with a touch display. This specific configuration has a seventh-generation Intel Core i5-7300U vPro processor, 8GB of DDR4 RAM, and a 256GB solid-state drive (SSD), and it costs about $1,380. See at Lenovo Lenovo ThinkPad T470s hardware and specifications The ThinkPad T470s has a decent amount of configuration options, including your choice of touch or non-touch display, vPro-enabled processors, and LTE-A connectivity. Here is a full list of specs you can choose from. Category XX Processor Intel Core i5-7200U (up to 3.1GHz) Intel Core i5-7300U vPro (up to 3.5GHz) Intel Core i7-7500U (up to 3.5GHz) Intel Core i7-7600U vPro (up to 3.9GHz) Dual-core Storage Up to 1TB PCIe NVMe SSD RAM 4GB/8GB/12GB/20GB DDR4-2133MHz Display Anti-glare (matte) 14-inch FHD (1920 x 1080) IPS non-touch 14-inch FHD (1920 x 1080) IPS touch 14-inch WQHD (2560 x 1440) IPS non-touch Graphics Intel HD Graphics 620 Ports Three USB-A 3.0 USB-C Thunderbolt 3 HDMI RJ45 Ethernet SD 3.0 memory card reader Micro SIM CS13 docking Smart card reader (optional) 3.5mm jack Speakers Dual speakers Dolby Advanced Audio Wireless Intel dual-band wireless AC 8265 802.11ac (2x2) Bluetooth 4.1 WWAN Qualcomm Snapdragon X7 LTE-A (optional) Camera Front-facing 720p Biometrics Fingerprint reader (optional) Windows Hello capable Battery Three-cell 23.5WHr (front) Three-cell 26WHr (rear) Up to 12.5 hours Weight Starting at 2.9 lbs (1.3 kg) Dimensions 13.03 inches x 8.93 inches x 0.74 inches 331 mm x 226.8 mm x 18.8 mm OS Windows 10 Pro Color Black Silver Price Starting at $1,079 Classic ThinkPad design, refined The T470s chassis is immediately recognizable with a carbon-fiber and magnesium build and flat black paint. There is still some sparkle in the paint when the light catches it right, but for the most part, it isn't very noticeable. There is a new silver color option for anyone who'd rather (gasp!) break away from the black T-series tradition. That might not be a terrible idea, especially for anyone who hates to see fingerprints and smudges on their laptop, because the matte black finish really holds onto oil from your hands. The laptop weighs in at about 2.9 pounds (1.3 kg), making it just a bit lighter than the T470. You barely notice it sitting on your lap, and in your bag, it's also quite forgettable. At about 0.74 inches thick, it'll fit nicely with whatever else you're lugging around. Instead of the full 360-degree rotation found in Lenovo's Yoga line, the display opens 180 degrees and can lay flat on a table. This is handy if you need to gather around the laptop for a conference, and it helps if you go with the touch display. But otherwise, I didn't really see a need for it. The lid can almost open with one hand, but the dual-hinge system is a bit too tight. When open, the lid stays in place and you won't see it moving around if you're working on a bus or train. Overall, the laptop doesn't feel as solid when you pick it up as, say, the Yoga 720 with an aluminum chassis, but Lenovo puts these laptops through the ringer. They apparently undergo and pass twelve MIL-SPEC military durability tests to ensure they're not going to crap out on you if you happen to be a little rough with your devices. Perhaps because of the carbon-fiber chassis or simply due to its construction, I noticed a bit of creaking when picking the laptop up with one hand or when I was furiously typing with it in my lap and not on a flat surface. A power button rests in the top-right corner, and the optional fingerprint reader is set just next to the touchpad. Lenovo's choice to not incorporate the fingerprint reader into the touchpad is a welcome one, and the green LED above it is a sure indicator that it's working and acts as a beacon when using the laptop in the dark — the matte black is good camouflage. The top of the lid has the usual ThinkPad badge with a red LED as a power indicator, and there is a row of vents on the left edge of the laptop to aid when your lap is covering the other, larger row of vents on the bottom of the chassis. This black T470s isn't very flashy — go for the silver option if you want to turn heads — but it does have a certain distinct appeal that plays into my love of minimalism. It can sit on a desk for awhile, closed, without anyone really seeing it, but once you do see it, it's hard to look away. The slight taper gives it a bit of a wedge shape when closed, and when you open it you're treated to the matte display. A matte display with touch The displays on a lot of Lenovo laptops seem to be on the dim side, which is fine if you primarily work indoors but a real pain if you like to haul your laptop with you and work with your feet in the grass. Our T470s has a 14-inch, 1080p touch display with a matte finish and an IPS panel, and, yes, it is also on the dim side. It's fine for working indoors, and during the day I had it set at about 80 percent brightness. If you like your screen bright no matter where you are, you'll probably have some issues here. The matte display cut out most glare, though, so the lack of brightness isn't as noticeable as on a laptop with a glossy display. Despite the brightness woes, the FHD display has great color and everything is sharp. Matte displays are often associated with an overall blurriness, but there's none of that here. I'm used to glossy screens, but after using this one for awhile I completely forgot about it. The touch function is a nice addition for those who really want it, but I didn't find myself using it at all other than to test it. I'm not really a fan of touch displays on notebook laptops due to the awkwardness of dealing with the keyboard. Response time is snappy, and I can't find anything wrong with how it works. Luckily, if you'd rather not have a touch display, there are non-touch FHD and non-touch WQHD versions available. The bezel around the display is pretty much the same size as you've seen on the T470 and T460s. There's nothing to write home about here. It's pretty average and can't be called too big or too small. Above the display is plenty of room for a 720p camera and microphone. A keyboard that's par for the ThinkPad course If there's one thing I'd take away from Lenovo's ThinkPad when creating a dream laptop, it would be the keyboard. There is ample key travel and a soft feel when hitting the deck, and typing is almost silent. There is a bit of clicking, but nothing you would notice in a busy coffee shop or on the go elsewhere. The chiclet keys have the dipped design that sort of cup your fingers, and Lenovo's done a good job making all keys consistent. There are two levels of backlight that are controlled with the Fn and Spacebar keys. Typing on this keyboard is as comfortable as possible, but some key placement is a little annoying. First, the Ctrl and Fn keys are reversed, which takes some getting used to if you haven't already been using a Lenovo laptop. Another problem first-time ThinkPad users might have is with the PgUp and PgDn keys. They're respectively located above the left and right arrow keys. It takes awhile to get used to, and in the process, you'll no doubt be jumping around the screen when, say, navigating a text document. Precision touchpad and the familiar TrackPoint What would a T-series ThinkPad be without the TrackPoint? It's here in all its red glory, located in the middle of the keyboard. With it are the physical buttons above the actual touchpad. Whether or not you're a fan of the TrackPoint (I rarely use it), you can't deny that it works as it's intended. The T470s uses a Precision touchpad, meaning it takes advantage of Microsoft's drivers to enable all three-finger gestures in Windows 10. There are, however, still traces of the old Synaptics settings, accessed through advanced options. One of the first things I noticed when using the touchpad was how sensitive it is to touch, something also noted in Executive Editor Daniel Rubino's review of the Lenovo X1 Carbon. You can turn down the sensitivity, but I don't see why Lenovo is messing with a good (Precision) thing. On the hardware side of things, the touchpad itself is definitely smooth, and, with the sensitivity turned down, it tracked well. There is a bit of a rattle when right-clicking near the bottom of the touchpad, but nothing on the left side. Dual stereo speakers The speakers on the T470s are located in the same spot as they are on the T460s: bottom front. Listening to music, they can go quite loud, and there isn't any buzzing or crackling. Instead of the tinny, almost hollow sound you get from a lot of Ultrabooks, the sound here is pleasantly full. Dolby Audio settings can be tweaked from the Lenovo Settings app, and there are five presets to choose from — there is no equalizer to set your own levels. So many ports to choose from Ports are important on a business laptop, and Lenovo included a wide range to keep you from carrying an extra bag for your dongles. The left side of the laptop has the proprietary charging port, a USB-A 3.0 port, a full SD card reader, and a 3.5mm headphone jack. The ports are well spaced on the left side, but on the right side things are a bit more jammed up. There is a USB-C Thunderbolt 3, two USB-A 3.0, an HDMI, RJ45 Ethernet, Micro SIM, an optional smart card reader, and a Kensington lock slot. That's a lot of ports right next to each other, and this might cause a problem for some users. To be honest, I'd rather have more ports than too few ports on a laptop. The bottom of the chassis has a CS13 docking port, which lets you attach the T470s to one of Lenovo's docking stations, and the USB-C port also lets you connect to the ThinkPad USB-C dock. ThinkPad T470s performance Our T470s came equipped with a seventh-generation Intel Core i5-7300U vPro processor, which is a bit faster than the Core i5-7200U and, of course, not as powerful as the Core i7-7500U and i7-7600U vPro processors. If you're buying the T470s as a business partner, the Core i5 delivers plenty of power for word processing and web browsing. If you're looking at this laptop for higher-end performance, you'll definitely want to go with the Core i7 option. There's also 8GB of DDR4 RAM, with a ceiling of 20GB. Lenovo has soldered 4GB straight to the board and has a secondary slot, which means you can upgrade the RAM yourself later down the road if you want to save some money now. Also upgradeable is the WLAN card. Geekbench 4.0 Benchmarks (Higher is better) Device Single core Multi core Lenovo ThinkPad T470s 3,919 6,077 Lenovo Yoga 720 3,881 7,509 Lenovo X1 Carbon Core i5 4,139 8,311 HP EliteBook x360 G2 4,496 8,435 Samsung Notebook 9 15 Ext 4,316 8,320 Dell Latitude 5480 4,625 15,401 Dell Precision 5520 (Xeon E3) 4,799 15,055 Dell XPS 15 (9560) Core i7 4,503 13,587 Dell Latitude 7280 4,381 7,935 Dell XPS 13 (9360) Core i7 4,120 7,829 HP Spectre 13 Core i7 4,100 7,469 Surface Book Core i7 3,948 7,415 Comparing single core results with a lot of other laptops, it's clear that the Core i5-7300U can keep up. However, the multi-core score fell significantly lower than a lot of other laptops, even those also running Core i5 processors. For everyday tasks, this laptop will be fine. But for specialized tasks, it might not hold up. Geekbench 4.0 Graphics OpenCL (Higher is better) Device Score Lenovo ThinkPad T470s 16,635 Lenovo Yoga 720 18,185 Lenovo X1 Carbon 20,932 Dell Latitude 5480 21,616 Dell Precision 5520 48,724 Dell XPS 13 (9360) 19,410 Surface Book HD520 18,197 Dell Latitude 7280 17,827 Graphics are handled by an Intel HD 620, and, while it isn't designed for gaming, you can get away with some light-to-medium action. Playing Minecraft with settings maxed out was enjoyable, and a quick run through Civilization VI wasn't bad either. In comparison to other laptops, though, the T470s falls a bit short. PCMark Home Conventional 3.0 Device Score Comparison Lenovo ThinkPad T470s 2,576 Better than 40 percent of all results Lenovo Yoga 720 2,717 Better than 46 percent of all results Lenovo X1 Carbon Core i5 2,965 Better than 57 percent of all results Samsung Notebook 9 15 Ext 2,998 Better than 57 percent of all results Dell XPS 15 (9560) 3,534 Better than 71 percent of all results Dell Latitude 7280 2,829 Better than 52 percent of all results HP Spectre x360 15 2,472 Better than 41 percent of all results The PCMark Home Conventional test uses your GPU, processor, and other system components and scores how well they run. The T470s scored better than 40 percent of all reported results but falls somewhat short when compared to the laptops we've reviewed. Still, it's near the range of what's expected. CrystalDiskMark (Higher is better) Device Read Write Lenovo ThinkPad T470s 1,557 MB/s 1,333 MB/s Lenovo Yoga 720 1,904 MB/s 1,169 MB/s Lenovo X1 Carbon 1,518 MB/s 1,188 MB/s Samsung Notebook 9 15 Ext 1,365 MB/s 1,213 MB/s Dell Latitude 5480 SATA 443 MB/s 469 MB/s Razer Blade Pro 2,571 MB/s 2,467 MB/s Dell XPS 15 (9560) 2,207 MB/s 1,628 MB/s Dell XPS 13 (9360) 1,287 MB/s 794 MB/s HP Spectre x360 15 1,128 MB/s 862 MB/s Surface Book 1,018 MB/s 967 MB/s Dell Latitude 7280 SATA 428 MB/s 412 MB/s Dell XPS Tower SE (HDD) 133 MB/s 150 MB/s The T470s is sporting a Samsung PM961 SSD, which you might already know as the Samsung 960 EVO. You can get up to a whopping 1TB of storage, and, as expected from this SSD, read and write speeds are snappy. That means you're going to see Windows 10 boot almost immediately, and you won't be waiting around for a response as you watch a deadline loom. It should be noted that the popularity of the Samsung PM961 has caused a bit of a shortage for all laptop manufacturers, and there's no guarantee the T470s you order will have this SSD. If that's the case, you can always upgrade yourself later down the line, because the SSD is front and center when you remove the back of the laptop. Heat and noise The seventh-gen Core i5 processor doesn't put off a ton of heat, and the single fan in the T470s, even under heavy load, rarely kicks in. When it does, it's surprisingly quiet. The body, made of magnesium and carbon fiber, doesn't seem to catch heat the same way an aluminum body does, and the bottom of the laptop only gets moderately warm. Under palms, while typing and browsing, there was hardly any heat to notice, other than what was coming off of my hands. If you dislike the cold feel of an aluminum laptop mixed with a few hotspots, or you'd rather not hear your laptop roar to life, the T470s will do you well. Battery life Inside the T470s are two small batteries. The front battery is 23.5WHr and the rear battery is 26WHr, for a total of 49.5WHr, which Lenovo says will last about 12.5 hours. Our real-world testing saw it last more like somewhere around seven hours. No doubt the non-touch configuration draws a little less power, while the WQHD draws a little more. Choosing to include the LTE-A mobile upgrade will also negatively affect the battery. When it comes to charging, you can choose from either the 45W adapter that uses Lenovo's proprietary two-pin charging port, or you can go with a 45W adapter that uses a USB-C port. If you're really careful about how you use your laptop, you can probably get through an eight-hour workday without having to charge your T470s, but it would be close. That doesn't seem like a reality many business-oriented folks want to live with. On top of that, the lack of the Power Bridge that makes popping in a new, full battery without turning off your laptop is something that many long-time ThinkPad owners won't like. If you're in need of a device that will live 10 hours or more, you'll want to look elsewhere. Conclusion The ThinkPad T470s has a lot of good features that you want in a business laptop, but it's also lacking a few things that die-hard ThinkPad fans will miss. It has a wide range of ports so that you can connect all the things, and, while the right side of the laptop might get a bit crowded, it's better to have the options there than not at all. There's also not really much wiggle room in a laptop this size, so the crowding is inevitable. A fingerprint reader lets you log in with Windows Hello, the keyboard is classic Lenovo comfortability, and the carbon fiber and magnesium chassis is light and low-key seductive. The matte, 14-inch touch display, while on the dim side, is a real treat to use. Overall, the ThinkPad T470s is true to its lineage, offering portability and performance, and it will no doubt be a great companion on the road, in the office, or at home. See at Lenovo Pros: So many ports. Keyboard is the best. Chassis is thin and light. Can be upgraded down the line. Plenty of business-oriented configuration options. Cons: Battery life won't last a workday. Touchpad requires some work. No hot-swappable battery. Great 4/5 Reader comments Lenovo ThinkPad T470s review: This quality business PC lives up to the ThinkPad legacy 6 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating jbowyer1 How does it compare to the T460s?  Any differences besides slight battery life and performance due to the Kaby Lake change? I'm due for an upgrade, but my work will still be giving out T460s' until they exhaust their supply in a few months.  Debating whether to wait it out... 0 1 day ago Reply realwarder PM961 is not the 960.  The 960 is better as it supports Bitlocker.  The PM961 is a more limited device.  Still as fast, but not as fully featured. 0 1 day ago Reply AccentAE86 Been a long time user of the T series. Known as the series that delivers the solid goods, and very reliable. Perfect for business users. And the one thing i miss dearly when using my Surface is the TrackPoint. Once you get used to it, you can't live without it. Mousing, clicking, selecting, 8-way scrolling, and you can even control scrolling SPEED, all without lifting your fingers off home row. Makes it super efficient. Never gotta take your hands off the keyboard. Selecting text that spans over one page is a PAIN IN THE ASS on a trackpad. One swift movement on the TrackPoint. I don't know why more don't use it. I'd be perfectly happy to have a laptop with NO trackpad, as long as there is TrackPoint. Think of the design possibilities! 1 1 day ago Reply jtwoodfield Spot on. Once you have got used to a TrackPoint a Trackpad is redundant. The first thing I do is switch off the pad. It is a shame that more manufacturers fail to see that a pointing device is not only more accurate but also space efficient. Leaving more room for keys. -1 15 hours ago Reply Chris_NH FWIW, I often use the touch screen on my Surface Pro 3 for page scrolling and zooming, less often for clicking, even with a SP4 type cover (which has an excellent keyboard and track pad) attached. So I would not buy a laptop today that did not have a touch screen. In contrast, on my desktop PC, I almost exclusively use a mouse for scrolling, pointing, and zooming, because offers better precision than a touch screen or a track-pad, which is especially important when using productivity apps such as Word, PowerPoint, code editors, and 2D/3D CAD tools. So for now I don't see the need for a touch screen on a desktop monitor. But if I had one to try ... I might change my mind :) 0 15 hours ago Reply nsnhd My 13 years T30 is still doing its job, amazing keyboard 0 13 hours ago Reply 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2016 Mobile Nations • Terms and Conditions • Privacy Policy • Careers: Writer | Dev • Licensing • External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
CPUs GRAPHICS MOTHERBOARDS CASES & POWER STORAGE MOBILE GAMING FORUMS JOBS MORE... NEWS BREADBOX PODCASTS BLOGS SYSTEMS MULTIMEDIA MISCELLANY ARCHIVE ABOUT US Customize The Tech Report... Apply Cancel Log in | Register Most commented stories • Ryzen Threadripper CPUs will offer 16 cores and 32 threads [127] • Windows 10 on ARM could run x86 apps seamlessly at native speed [47] • Ryzen Mobile APUs are coming to a laptop near you [44] • Optane DIMMs and companion CPUs will arrive in 2018 [41] Hot forum threads • What cases and PSUs are you guys using? • PS4 Future • Not sure why SSD is extremely slow (read and write in KB/s) and not re • 3D printers Asus B250I Gaming brings ROG Strix bling at a lower price by Wayne Manion  3:08 PM on May 19, 2017 Not every gaming system needs an overclocked CPU and memory. Some folks just want to buy their chip of choice, pick up some inexpensive memory, and a graphics card and go on with their lives. Asus' ROG Strix B250I Gaming is designed for the gamer that wants the bling and blinkenlights of an enthusiast motherboard without paying for the extra hardware needed for CPU overclocking. To wit, the board sports the aesthetic features of Asus' other ROG Strix boards in a smaller size with a smaller price tag. Mini-ITX motherboards have limited expansion, so the only way to avoid a spaghetti mess of USB cables is to integrate critical features into the motherboard. The ROG Strix B250I Gaming has an integrated Intel Gigabit Ethernet NIC to go along with 802.11ac Wi-Fi and Bluetooth 4.1 radios of undisclosed provenance. Two storage devices can slip into the pair of M.2 slots, though if both slots are filled, only one of them can be a SATA device. One of the M.2 slots is mounted to the top of the PCH heatsink, and the other is on the back side of the motherboard. The board also sports Asus' "ROG SupremeFX" take on Realtek's S1220A audio codec. Four USB 3.0 ports and a pair of old-school USB 2.0 ports are provided if additional connectivity is required. As far as gamer-bling, the ROG Strix B250I Gaming has as much of that as one could expect for a motherboard so small. The board has multiple RGB LED illumination zones plus a 5050 LED header for connecting an RGB LED strip. All the blinkenlights are controlled via Asus' Aura Sync software. A pair of fan headers are provided, as is a separate header intended for use with an AIO water pump. The pair of full-size DDR4 DIMM slots can accept up to 32 GB of memory, but the XMP overclocking profiles of high-end stuff like Corsair's Dominator line would be wasted here. The only expansion port is a PCIe x16 slot, as is usual on mini-ITX motherboards. If that expansion slot is not occupied with a gaming graphics card, the ROG Strix B250I Gaming has a DisplayPort and an HDMI jack for the Skylake or Kaby Lake IGP. Asus says its ROG Strix B250I Gaming motherboard is shipping now, though we were unable to find it at any of our favorite e-tailers. The board will carry an MSRP of $110 when it does arrive in stores. Tags: Motherboards Log in | Register Tip: You can use the A/Z keys to walk threads. View options x Subscriber options: E-mail me when people reply to my comments Comment sorting order: Threaded, dynamic (default)New replies push comment threads to the top. Threaded, chronologicalComment threads started first appear at the top. Threaded, reverse-chronologicalComment threads started last appear at the top. Flat, chronologicalNo threading. Oldest comments shown first, bulletin-board style. Flat, reverse-chronologicalNo threading. Newest comments shown first. Processing... Saved! Loading... Support TR! Subscribe now. Read TR's System Guide powered by Newegg LATEST STUFF Lian-Li PC-O12WX puts graphics cards under glass 4 Asus B250I Gaming brings ROG Strix bling at a lower price 10 Lenovo Legion Y920 is a mobile gaming beast 14 Radeon 17.5.2 drivers boost Prey performance 5 Deals of the week: nice mobos, cheap RAM, and more 9 Synaptics shows how some fingerprint sensors can't be trusted 8 Amazon lights up new Fire tablets 10 WD Red drives will let you add storage 10TB at a time 40 No Dirty Dishes Day Shortbread 16 More stuff » TOP COMMENTS RephRayne Pool cleaners. Or possibly Lifeguards. +47 Chrispy_ You know what name was good? Zen. +44 Redocbew Feedback: Attempted to reproduce issue by tossing a random sample of people in t... +35 Kretschmer I recently built around a 7700K and 1080Ti with no regrets. Stable platforms, gu... +25 NEW GALLERY ITEMS More pictures » Copyright ©1999-2017 The Tech Report. All rights reserved. About us | Privacy policy | Mailing list | Mobile
Skip to content Menu Local News Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Business Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Log In Subscribe Traffic Expect lane closures on Interstate 90 until 5 a.m. Monday. Business The Motley Fool: Useful tips on investing Originally published May 20, 2017 at 8:00 am Updated May 17, 2017 at 12:26 pm Share story By Seattle Times staff The Seattle Times Socially responsible Q: Where can I learn about which companies are being socially responsible, treating employees well and being good to the environment? A: One useful reference is Corporate Responsibility Magazine’s annual list, The 100 Best Corporate Citizens. Its rankings take into consideration a company’s performance on climate change, employee relations, human rights, corporate governance, financial performance and philanthropy. The top 10 companies for 2017 are Hasbro, Intel, Microsoft, Altria, Campbell Soup, Cisco Systems, Accenture, Hormel Foods, Lockheed Martin and Ecolab. (You’ll find the entire list at thecro.com.) Learn more about socially responsible companies at sites such as socialfunds.com, csrwire.com and ussif.org.   Most Read Stories Seahawk Michael Bennett escalates criticism of ESPN's Stephen A. Smith Why the obituary for Eudocia Tomas Pulido didn’t tell the story of her life in slavery What drivers can and cannot do under Washington state's new distracted-driving law 3 charged with assault after brutal beating of Metro rider captured on cameras Family of musician Chris Cornell disputes he killed himself  VIEWUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. Q: How much might health care cost me when I’m retired? A: It will probably cost a lot. You have Medicare, but it’s not free, and even with it, you’ll still have out-of-pocket expenses. According to Fidelity Investments, an average 65-year-old couple retiring this year will spend about $260,000 on health care in retirement — not counting the cost of long-term care. That’s just an average, though. You might end up spending significantly more — or less — than that. Still, it’s a useful reminder that health care-costs can be substantial and should be factored into your retirement planning. Timeshare Troubles Dear Fool: My dumbest investment has been in a time-share property. Don’t believe the hype you’ll hear from the sales team: They are selling high-price maintenance fees that never end, while telling you you’re getting a bargain on vacations. The Fool responds: Time sharing have been extremely regrettable investments for many people. Still, they might suit some folks, in certain circumstances. For example, they can be good for large families, as some feature several bedrooms and a kitchen, helping you avoid renting multiple rooms and eating out all the time when on vacation. (Of course, you might simply rent a house or apartment for a vacation, too.) On the other hand, beware of the downsides: There are often maintenance fees (which tend to increase over time) that are due regardless of whether you use the unit, and contracts sometimes last forever, becoming burdens to heirs. If you’re thinking that you’ll simply sell the time share before you die, that can be hard, too. Many are very difficult to unload, with some “exit” companies having been created just to help you get out of your contract. It’s smart to think twice before buying a time share. Some purchasers will be happy, but anyone considering one should do a lot of due diligence into what the total costs will be — and think of it as a vacation purchase, not an investment. Documented Profits Iron Mountain’s (NYSE: IRM) core business is providing storage, primarily of records, and information-management services to companies and government organizations. It’s also been expanding into related operations, such as data centers. The Boston-based company leads its industry, with a portfolio of more than 1,400 facilities spanning 47 countries. It has more than 220,000 customers, including about 94 percent of the Fortune 1000 companies. In 2014, the company reorganized into a real estate investment trust (REIT). REITS are required to pay out at least 90 percent of their income as dividends, and Iron Mountain recently yielded a fat 6.4 percent. What’s wonderful about the storage business is that customers are willing to sign multiyear agreements. Those agreements keep revenue flowing into Iron Mountain’s bank account, even during economic slowdowns. Management plans to increase revenue and profits between now and 2020, in part via $100 million in annual spending on acquisitions and expanding its capabilities in art storage and data-center management. Documentation management and storage is boring, but boring businesses that crank out predictable profits can be great investments. Iron Mountain shares aren’t a screaming bargain right now, but they’ll likely reward long-term investors. Copyright, 2017, The Motley Fool Next Story FundTracker: Weekly spotlight on mutual funds Previous Story LL Bean’s newest Bootmobile is kicking it in Japan Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Your Morning Brief will arrive every weekday morning. Back to the story
Home About Contact Membership Store Donate USA Canada Latin America Africa Middle East Europe Russia Asia Oceania Notre site en Français: mondialisation.ca Italiano Deutsch Português srpski العربية Globalizacion | Asia-Pacific Research Global Research grtv youtube twitter facebook rss US Nato War Economy Civil Rights Environment Poverty Media Justice 9/11 War Crimes Militarization History Science The DNC Hacking Scandal: Seth Rich, Craig Murray and the Sinister Stewards of the National Security State By Mike Whitney Global Research, May 20, 2017 Counter Punch 19 May 2017 Region: Russia and FSU, USA Theme: Intelligence, Law and Justice, Media Disinformation In-depth Report: FAKE INTELLIGENCE Why is it a “conspiracy theory” to think that a disgruntled Democratic National Committee staffer gave WikiLeaks the DNC emails, but not a conspiracy theory to think the emails were provided by Russia? Why? Which is the more likely scenario: That a frustrated employee leaked damaging emails to embarrass his bosses or a that foreign government hacked DNC computers for some still-unknown reason? That’s a no-brainer, isn’t it? Former-DNC employee, Seth Rich, not only had access to the emails, but also a motive. He was pissed about the way the Clinton crowd was “sandbagging” Bernie Sanders. In contrast, there’s neither evidence nor motive connecting Russia to the emails. On top of that,  WikiLeaks founder, Julian Assange (a man of impeccable integrity) has repeatedly denied that Russia gave him the emails which suggests the government investigation is completely misdirected. The logical course of action, would be to pursue the leads that are most likely to bear fruit, not those that originate from one’s own political bias. But, of course, logic has nothing to do with the current investigation, it’s all about politics and geopolitics. We don’t know who killed Seth Rich (picture on the right) and we’re not going to speculate on the matter here. But we find it very strange that neither the media nor the FBI have pursued leads in the case that challenge the prevailing narrative on the Russia hacking issue. Why is that? Why is the media so eager to blame Russia when Rich looks like the much more probable suspect? And why have the mainstream news organizations put so much energy into discrediting the latest Fox News report, when– for the last 10 months– they’ve showed absolutely zero interest in Rich’s death at all? According to Fox News: “The Democratic National Committee staffer who was gunned down on July 10 on a Washington, D.C., street just steps from his home had leaked thousands of internal emails to WikiLeaks, law enforcement sources told Fox News. A federal investigator who reviewed an FBI forensic report detailing the contents of DNC staffer Seth Rich’s computer generated within 96 hours after his murder, said Rich made contact with WikiLeaks through Gavin MacFadyen, a now-deceased American investigative reporter, documentary filmmaker, and director of WikiLeaks who was living in London at the time…. Rod Wheeler, a retired Washington homicide detective and Fox News contributor investigating the case on behalf of the Rich family, made the WikiLeaks claim, which was corroborated by a federal investigator who spoke to Fox News…. “I have seen and read the emails between Seth Rich and Wikileaks,” the federal investigator told Fox News, confirming the MacFadyen connection. He said the emails are in possession of the FBI, while the stalled case is in the hands of the Washington Police Department.” (“Family of slain DNC staffer Seth Rich blasts detective over report of WikiLeaks link”, Fox News) Okay, so where’s the computer? Who’s got Rich’s computer? Let’s do the forensic work and get on with it. But the Washington Post and the other bogus news organizations aren’t interested in such matters because it doesn’t fit with their political agenda. They’d rather take pot-shots at Fox for running an article that doesn’t square with their goofy Russia hacking story. This is a statement on the abysmal condition of journalism today. Headline news has become the province of perception mandarins who use the venue to shape information to their own malign specifications, and any facts that conflict with their dubious storyline, are savagely attacked and discredited. Journalists are no longer investigators that keep the public informed, but paid assassins who liquidate views that veer from the party-line. WikiLeaks never divulges the names of the people who provide them with information. Even so, Assange has not only shown an active interest in the Seth Rich case, but also offered a $20,000 reward for anyone providing information leading to the arrest and conviction of Rich’s murder. Why? And why did he post a link to the Fox News article on his Twitter account on Tuesday? I don’t know, but if I worked for the FBI or the Washington Post, I’d sure as hell be beating the bushes to find out. And not just because it might help in Rich’s murder investigation, but also, because it could shed light on the Russia fiasco which is being used to lay the groundwork for impeachment proceedings. So any information that challenges the government version of events, could actually change the course of history. Have you ever heard of Craig Murray? Murray should be the government’s star witness in the DNC hacking scandal, instead, no one even knows who he is. But if we trust what Murray has to say, then we can see that the Russia hacking story is baloney. The emails were “leaked” by insiders not “hacked” by a foreign government. Here’s the scoop from Robert Parry at Consortium News: “Former British Ambassador to Uzbekistan Craig Murray, has suggested that the DNC leak came from a “disgruntled” Democrat upset with the DNC’s sandbagging of the Sanders campaign and that the Podesta leak came from the U.S. intelligence community….He (Murray) appears to have undertaken a mission for WikiLeaks to contact one of the sources (or a representative) during a Sept. 25 visit to Washington where he says he met with a person in a wooded area of American University. …. Though Murray has declined to say exactly what the meeting in the woods was about, he may have been passing along messages about ways to protect the source from possible retaliation, maybe even an extraction plan if the source was in some legal or physical danger…Murray also suggested that the DNC leak and the Podesta leak came from two different sources, neither of them the Russian government. “The Podesta emails and the DNC emails are, of course, two separate things and we shouldn’t conclude that they both have the same source,” Murray said. “In both cases we’re talking of a leak, not a hack, in that the person who was responsible for getting that information out had legal access to that information… Scott Horton then asked, “Is it fair to say that you’re saying that the Podesta leak came from inside the intelligence services, NSA [the electronic spying National Security Agency] or another agency?” “I think what I said was certainly compatible with that kind of interpretation, yeah,” Murray responded. “In both cases they are leaks by Americans.” (“A Spy Coup in America?”, Robert Parry, Consortium News) With all the hullabaloo surrounding the Russia hacking case, you’d think that Murray’s eyewitness account would be headline news, but not in Homeland Amerika where the truth is kept as far from the front page as humanly possible. Bottom line: The government has a reliable witness (Murray) who can positively identify the person who hacked the DNC emails and, so far, they’ve showed no interest in his testimony at all.  Doesn’t that strike you as a bit weird? Did you know that after a 10 month-long investigation, there’s still no hard evidence that Russia hacked the 2016 elections?  In fact, when the Intelligence agencies were pressed on the matter, they promised to release a report that would provide iron-clad proof of Russian meddling.  On January 6, 2017, theDirector of National Intelligence, James Clapper, released that report. It was called The Intelligence Community Assessment (ICA).  Unfortunately, the report fell far-short of the public’s expectations. Instead of a smoking gun, Clapper produced a tedious 25-page compilation of speculation, hearsay, innuendo and gobbledygook.  Here’s how veteran journalist Robert Parry summed it up: “The report contained no direct evidence that Russia delivered hacked emails from the Democratic National Committee and Hillary Clinton’s campaign chairman John Podesta to WikiLeaks….The DNI report…as presented, is one-sided and lacks any actual proof. Further, the continued use of the word “assesses”….suggests that the underlying classified information also may be less than conclusive because, in intelligence-world-speak, “assesses” often means “guesses.” (“US Report Still Lacks Proof on Russia ‘Hack’”, Robert Parry, Consortium News) Repeat: “the report contained no direct evidence”, no “actual proof”, and a heckuva a lot of “guessing”. That’s some “smoking gun”, eh? If this ‘thin gruel’ sounds like insufficient grounds for removing a sitting president and his administration, that’s because it is. But the situation is even worse than it looks,  mainly because the information in the assessment is not reliable. The ICA was corrupted by higher-ups in the Intel food-chain who selected particular analysts who could be trusted to produce a document that served their broader political agenda. Think I’m kidding? Take a look at this excerpt from an article at Fox News: “On January 6, 2017, the U.S. Intelligence Community issued an “Intelligence Community Assessment” (ICA) that found Russia deliberately interfered in the 2016 presidential election to benefit Trump’s candidacy…  (but) there are compelling reasons to believe this ICA was actually a politicized analysis that violated normal rules for crafting intelligence assessments…… to ensure this one reached the bottom line conclusion that the Obama administration was looking for. … ….Director of National Intelligence James Clapper explained in his testimony that two dozen or so “seasoned experts” were “handpicked” from the contributing agencies” and drafted the ICA “under the aegis of his former office” …  While Clapper claimed these analysts were given “complete independence” to reach their findings, he added that their conclusions “were thoroughly vetted and then approved by the directors of the three agencies and me.” This process drastically differed from the Intelligence Community’s normal procedures.  Hand-picking a handful of analysts from just three intelligence agencies to write such a controversial assessment went against standing rules to vet such analyses throughout the Intelligence Community within its existing structure.  The idea of using hand-picked intelligence analysts selected through some unknown process to write an assessment on such a politically sensitive topic carries a strong stench of politicization…. A major problem with this process is that it gave John Brennan, CIA’s hyper-partisan former director, enormous influence over the drafting of the ICA.  Given Brennan’s scathing criticism of Mr. Trump before and after the election, he should have had no role whatsoever in the drafting of this assessment.  Instead, Brennan probably selected the CIA analysts who worked on the ICA and reviewed and approved their conclusions…. The unusual way that the January 6, 2017 Intelligence Community Assessment was drafted raises major questions as to whether it was rigged by the Obama administration to produce conclusions that would discredit the election outcome and Mr. Trump’s presidency.” (“More indications Intel assessment of Russian interference in election was rigged”, Fox News) Repeat: “A politicized analysis that violated normal rules for crafting intelligence assessments.” That says it all, doesn’t it? Let’s take a minute and review the main points in the article: 1–Was the Intelligence Community Assessment the summary work of all 17 US Intelligence Agencies? No, it was not. “In his May 8 testimony to a Senate Judiciary subcommittee hearing, Clapper confirmed …(that) the ICA reflected the views of only three intelligence agencies — CIA, NSA and FBI – not all 17.” 2–Did any of the analysts challenge the findings in the ICA? No, the document failed to acknowledge any dissenting views, which suggests that the analysts were screened in order to create consensus. 3– Were particular analysts chosen to produce the ICA? Yes, they were “handpicked from the contributing agencies” and drafted the ICA “under the aegis of his former office” (the Office of the Director of National Intelligence.) 4– Was their collaborative work released to the public in its original form? No,  their conclusions “were thoroughly vetted and then approved by the directors of the three agencies and me.” (Clapper) This of course suggests that the document was political in nature and crafted to deliver a particular message. 5–Were Clapper’s methods “normal” by Intelligence agency standards? Definitely not. “This process drastically differed from the Intelligence Community’s normal procedures.” 6–Are Clapper and Brennan partisans who have expressed their opposition to Trump many times in the past calling into question their ability to be objective in executing their duties as heads of their respective agencies? Absolutely. Check out this clip from Monday’s Arkansas online: “I think, in many ways, our institutions are under assault, both externally — and that’s the big news here, is the Russian interference in our election system,” said James Clapper, the former director of national intelligence. “I think as well our institutions are under assault internally.” When he was asked, “Internally, from the president?” Clapper said, “Exactly.” (Clapper calls Trump democracy assailant”, arkansasonline) Brennan has made numerous similar statements. (Note: It is particularly jarring that Clapper– who oversaw the implementation of the modern surveillance police state– feels free to talk about “the assault on our institutions.”) 7–Does the ICA prove that anyone on the Trump campaign colluded with Russia or that Russia meddled in the 2016 elections? No, it doesn’t.  What it shows is that –even while Clapper and Brennan may have been trying to produce an assessment that would ‘kill two birds with one stone’, (incriminate Russia and smear Trump at the same time) the ICA achieved neither. So far, there’s no proof of anything.   Now take a look at this list I found in an article at The American Thinker: “12 prominent public statements by those on both sides of the aisle who reviewed the evidence or been briefed on it confirmed there was no evidence of Russia trying to help Trump in the election or colluding with him: The New York Times (Nov 1, 2016); House Speaker Paul Ryan (Feb, 26, 2017); Former DNI James Clapper , March 5, 2017); Devin Nunes Chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, March 20, 2017); James Comey, March 20, 2017; Rep. Chris Stewart, House Intelligence Committee, March 20, 2017; Rep. Adam Schiff, House Intelligence committee, April 2, 2017); Senator Dianne Feinstein, Senate Intelligence Committee, May 3, 2017); Sen. Joe Manchin  Senate Intelligence Committee, May 8, 2017; James Clapper (again) (May 8, 2017); Rep. Maxine Waters, May 9, 2017); President Donald Trump,(May 9, 2017). Senator Grassley, Chairman of the Senate Judiciary committee, indicated that his briefing confirmed Dianne Feinstein’s view that the President was not under investigation for colluding with the Russians.” (“Russian Hacking and Collusion: Put the Cards on the Table”, American Thinker) Keep in mind, this is a list of the people who actually “reviewed the evidence”, and even they are not convinced. It just goes to show that the media blitz is not based on any compelling proof, but on the determination of  behind-the-scenes elites who want to destroy their political rivals. Isn’t that what’s really going on? How does former FBI Director James Comey fit into all this? First of all, we need to set the record straight on Comey so readers don’t get the impression that he’s the devoted civil servant and all-around stand-up guy he’s made out to be in the media. Here’s a short clip from an article by Human Rights First that will help to put things into perspective: “Five former FBI agents…raised concerns about his (Comey’s) support for a legal memorandum justifying torture and his defense of holding an American citizen indefinitely without charge. They note that Comey concurred with a May 10, 2005, Office of Legal Counsel opinion that authorized torture. While the agents credited Comey for opposing torture tactics in combination and on policy grounds, they note that Comey still approved the legal basis for use of specific torture tactics. “These techniques include cramped confinement, wall-standing, water dousing, extended sleep deprivation, and waterboarding, all of which constitute torture or cruel, inhuman, or degrading treatment in contravention of domestic and international law,” the letter states. Those signing the letter to the committee also objected to Comey’s defense of detaining Americans without charge or trial and observed, “Further, Mr. Comey vigorously defended the Bush administration’s decision to hold Jose Padilla, a United States citizen apprehended on U.S. soil, indefinitely without charge or trial for years in a military brig in Charleston, South Carolina.” (“FBI Agents Urge Senate Judiciary Committee to Question Comey on Torture, Indefinite Detention”, Human Rights First) Get the picture? Comey is a vicious political opportunist who doesn’t mind breaking a few legs if it’ll advance his career plans. I wouldn’t trust the man as far as I could throw him. Which isn’t far. American Thinker’s Clarice Feldman explains why Comey launched his counter-intel investigation in July 2016 but failed to notify Congress until March 2017, a full eight months later. Here’s what she said: “There is only one reasonable explanation for FBI Director James Comey to be launching a counter-intel investigation in July 2016, notifying the White House and Clapper, and keeping it under wraps from congress. Comey was a participant in the intelligence gathering for political purposes — wittingly, or unwittingly.” (“Russian Hacking and Collusion: Put the Cards on the Table”, American Thinker) Are we suggesting that the heads of the so called Intelligence Community are at war with the Trump Administration and paving the way for impeachment  proceedings? Yep, we sure are. The Russia hacking fiasco is a regime change operation no different than the CIA’s 50-or-so other oustings in the last 70 years. The only difference is that this operation is on the home field which is why everyone is so flustered. These things are only suppose to happen in those “other” countries. Does this analysis make me a Donald Trump supporter? Never.  The idea is ridiculous. Trump might be the worst US president of all time, in fact, he probably is. But that doesn’t mean there aren’t other nefarious forces at work behind the smokescreen of democratic government. There are. In fact, this whole flap suggests that there’s an alternate power-structure that operates completely off the public’s radar and has the elected-government in its death-grip. This largely invisible group of elites controls the likes of  Brennan, Clapper and Comey. And, apparently,  they have enough influence to challenge and maybe even remove an elected president from office. (We’ll see.) And what’s more surprising, is that the Democrats have aligned themselves with these deep state puppetmasters.  They’ve cast their lot with the sinister stewards of the national security state and hopped on the impeachment bandwagon. But is that a wise choice for the Dems? Author Michael J. Glennon doesn’t think so. Here’s what he says in the May edition of Harper’s Magazine: “Those who would counter the illiberalism of Trump with the illiberalism of unfettered bureaucrats would do well to contemplate the precedent their victory would set. … American history is not silent about the proclivities of unchecked security forces, a short list of which includes the Palmer Raids, the FBI’s blackmailing of civil rights leaders, Army surveillance of the antiwar movement, the NSA’s watch lists, and the CIA’s waterboarding. …. Who would trust the authors of past episodes of repression as a reliable safeguard against future repression?” (“Security Breach– Trump’s tussle with the bureaucratic state”, Michael J. Glennon, Harper’s Magazine) “Who?” The Democrats, that’s who. The original source of this article is Counter Punch Copyright © Mike Whitney, Counter Punch, 2017 Comment on Global Research Articles on our Facebook page Become a Member of Global Research Articles by: Mike Whitney Disclaimer: The contents of this article are of sole responsibility of the author(s). The Centre for Research on Globalization will not be responsible for any inaccurate or incorrect statement in this article. The Center of Research on Globalization grants permission to cross-post original Global Research articles on community internet sites as long as the text & title are not modified. The source and the author's copyright must be displayed. For publication of Global Research articles in print or other forms including commercial internet sites, contact: [email protected] www.globalresearch.ca contains copyrighted material the use of which has not always been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. We are making such material available to our readers under the provisions of "fair use" in an effort to advance a better understanding of political, economic and social issues. The material on this site is distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving it for research and educational purposes. If you wish to use copyrighted material for purposes other than "fair use" you must request permission from the copyright owner. For media inquiries: [email protected] Latest News & Top Stories Rigging Democracy in Western Europe? Probing the Elections in France and Great Britain US Aggression against Syria and the Principles of a “Just War”. “Make America a Global Empire, Again!” Getting Assange: The Untold Story Who is Behind “Fake News”? Mainstream Media Use Fake Videos and Images Selected Articles: Syria, Fake News, Fake Intelligence Is Uncle Sam Funding the Islamic State? Where Does ISIS Get All Those Tanks, Weapons And Shiny New Toyota Trucks? 9/11 ANALYSIS: From Ronald Reagan and the Soviet-Afghan War to George W Bush and September 11, 2001 International Campaign Is Criminalizing Criticism of Israel As ‘Anti-Semitism’ Video: The Battle for Raqqah, The Islamic State’s Stronghold Cover-up of the Murder of DNC Staffer Seth Rich? US Attack on Syrian Forces, A Criminal Act of War: Asserting the “Safe Zones”, Perpetuating the War In Afghanistan, Civilian Casualties Happen by Design, Not by Accident Do High-Level Leaks Suggest A Conspiracy? “Russia is our Enemy, Putin Wants War”: The Globalists’ Drive Towards the East, “Drang nach Osten” US-led Coalition Airstrike on Syria Government Was Not Accidental Most Popular All Articles Global Research Publishers Click Here To Order Online News Themes Terrorism Biotechnology and GMO Crimes against Humanity Culture, Society & History Environment Global Economy Intelligence Law and Justice Media Disinformation Militarization and WMD Oil and Energy Civil Rights Politics and Religion Poverty & Social Inequality Science and Medicine United Nations US NATO War Agenda Women’s Rights I-Books Series IN-DEPTH REPORTS UKRAINE REPORT SYRIA: NATO’S NEXT WAR? IRAN: THE NEXT WAR? IRAQ REPORT AFGHANISTAN CLIMATE CHANGE CRIMINALIZE WAR DEPLETED URANIUM FAKE INTELLIGENCE HAITI NATO’S WAR ON LIBYA NORTH KOREA NUCLEAR WAR OCCUPY WALL STREET PAKISTAN PALESTINE THE BALKANS GLOBAL RESEARCH VIDEOS The global research news hour Join us on Facebook Partner Websites Project Censored Stop NATO Strategic Culture Foundation The Corbett Report Washington's Blog youtube twitter facebook rss Global Research News I-BOOKS SERIES Countries Index Authors Index Most Popular Links Contact Membership Online Store Themes Geographic Regions US NATO War Agenda Global Economy Crimes against Humanity Militarization and WMD Law and Justice Police State & Civil Rights History 9/11 & ‘War on Terrorism’ Media Disinformation Militarization and WMD Oil and Energy Police State & Civil Rights Religion Poverty & Social Inequality Science and Medicine United Nations US NATO War Agenda Women’s Rights USA Canada Middle East & North Africa Latin America & Caribbean Europe sub-Saharan Africa Russia and FSU Asia Oceania GlobalResearch Center for Research on Globalization Privacy Policy Copyright © 2005-2017 GlobalResearch.ca
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home News Local Crime Community Economy E-edition Education Environment Health National/World Special Reports Multimedia Submit News Sports Local National Submit a Score Opinion Editorial Letters to the Editor Columnists Op-ed Out & About Movie Listings Local Arts Calendar ELF Obituaries Publications Subscriptions Classifieds Place an Ad Merchandise Yard Sales Autos Homes Jobs ( on kscareerfinder.com ) Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 40° Clear Keene, NH (03431) Today Partly cloudy skies. High 71F. Winds SSE at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Partly cloudy skies early followed by increasing clouds with showers developing later at night. Low 47F. Winds light and variable. Chance of rain 60%. Updated: May 21, 2017 @ 1:56 am Full Forecast We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!Submit news Toggle navigation Home News Local Crime Community Economy E-edition Education Environment Health National/World Special Reports Multimedia Submit News Sports Local National Submit a Score Opinion Editorial Letters to the Editor Columnists Op-ed Out & About Movie Listings Local Arts Calendar ELF Obituaries Publications Subscriptions Classifieds Place an Ad Merchandise Yard Sales Autos Homes Jobs ( on kscareerfinder.com ) Close Andrew Harrer / Bloomberg News Andrew Harrer / Bloomberg News A SZ DJI Technology Co. S1000 drone flies above the field before test experiments are performed with unmanned aerial systems on the campus of Virginia Tech in Blacksburg, Va. Here comes the war for commercial drone dominance By Justin Bachman Bloomberg News 20 hrs ago (…) Andrew Harrer / Bloomberg News Andrew Harrer / Bloomberg News At some point in the not-too-distant future, fleets of commercial drones are expected to swarm across American skies. Companies in a wide range of industries will employ unmanned vehicles for tactical advantage — inspecting infrastructure, surveying crops, maybe even estimating how much your new roof will cost. And when these drones fly, a torrent of data will follow them like an invisible contrail. “Data is the new oil,” Intel Corp. Chief Executive Officer Brian Krzanich said week at the Association for Unmanned Vehicle Systems International’s annual Xponential conference in Dallas, the industry’s top trade show. He cited a growing competitive “separation” between companies that collect and understand their data and those that don’t. A single autonomous car can generate the same data trove as 3,000 people surfing the Internet, while a small drone fleet could easily create 150 terabytes of data per day, he said (1,000 gigabytes equals 1 terabyte). “The data rate is going to explode on us in the next few years,” Krzanich said. But how to handle that wide open fire hose of information? “Operation of an unmanned system is no longer a stand-alone activity,” Lockheed Martin Corp. proclaims in its promotional materials for its Hydra Fusion Tools software. “There (is) an assortment of maps, images, video, and intelligence which are being broadcast to the operators and this needs to be fused into a common operational picture.” This proposition, unsurprisingly, is leading to an array of new business models aimed at helping companies sift through and exploit the mountains of information headed their way. Into this universe comes Airbus, the European aerospace conglomerate. Airbus is starting a new data company, called Airbus Aerial, to provide an array of unmanned aerial vehicles (UAV) services, a field the company estimates could increase to more than $120 billion annually as the use of these fleets expands, said Dirk Hoke, CEO of Airbus’ defense and space group. Hoke introduced the new company at Xponential. The proliferation of commercial drones won’t be so much about getting your pizza or new shirt faster — although there is that consideration — but a broader change in how companies employ aerial surveillance and data to inform their businesses, spurred by efficiency and new U.S. rules allowing commercial unmanned systems to operate at farther distances, autonomously. A diverse array of companies, ranging from insurers and utilities to real estate and energy, are likely to shift some of their operations to UAV. Some of the work now done by helicopters could be replaced at lower cost. Insurers, for example, are finding aerial surveillance to be a good method for assessing claims after tornadoes and hurricanes and to help understand risks in their underwriting activities. Airbus Aerial aims to compile high-altitude data from a fleet of eight Airbus satellites and drones, blending it into an intelligence service for agriculture, insurance, oil and gas, utilities, and state and local governments. Aerial will be based in Germany, near Munich, with U.S. offices in Atlanta. The company sees 2017 as a way to explore the market, testing the business with “a small, select group of customers” to determine how clients will value Aerial’s services, said Jana Rosenmann, Airbus senior vice president of unmanned aerial systems. Airbus will fly third-party drones for its clients but will also explore building its own hardware, she said. “The initial business is not relying on Airbus having its own drone today,” Rosenmann said in a telephone interview. The company already operates high-altitude solar-powered UAVs, dubbed Zephyr, which have stayed aloft for as long as 14 days. Airbus calls Zephyr “a high-altitude pseudo satellite” due to its high cruising level of up to 70,000 feet. Most customers will have a specific need for the services of companies like Aerial and won’t care how the information is acquired, be it by drone, satellite or other means, said Jesse Kallman, who will lead the Airbus unit’s U.S. operations. “A drone is really just a truck that you stick a sensor on,” he said. “We will use whatever hardware makes the most sense.” Aerial pricing is likely to be tailored to a specific market or customer, Kallman said, ranging from recurring subscriptions to one-off jobs. To date, one of the major impediments to commercial drone flying has been the lack of federal rules, which are now pending at the Federal Aviation Administration. The regulations sort out operational guidelines to integrate UAVs safely into existing air traffic. Although slow to get these rules squared away, the American UAV service market may mature more quickly than in Europe, owing to the U.S. having only a single regulatory body, Hoke said. Yet as soon as these new commercial operations take flight, those who employ them will be grappling with “the whole info-glut problem,” said Nazlin Kanji, a program director at AeroVironment Inc., a Simi Valley, Calif.-based defense contractor that builds drones and analytics software for military and civilian use. “It’s an interesting challenge because the amount of data that drones generate is huge — we’re talking petabytes and petabytes of data,” she said (1,000 terabytes equals 1 petabyte). “It really becomes that big data problem everybody keeps talking about but no one really knows how to address.” The field of drone services has already begun seeing consolidation among smaller players, with much of the business focused on courting large companies and recurring revenue streams, said Jon Damush, vice president of commercial at Insitu, a Boeing Co. subsidiary that builds and flies drones. Over time, given the cost of contracting with a drone service, some of the larger drone data users — such as miners and pipeline operators — might decide to buy their own drones and software. “When you become a certain size on the expense line, somebody’s going to notice,” Damush said. But Kanji counters that there’s room “for a lot of different vendors,” from companies that offer just data storage to others that may sell analysis, data collection, or a combination. Some of these data wranglers focus on software, offering drone users the ability to create detailed interfaces for the data that UAVs emit. Others, such as Insitu, focus on drone reconnaissance and data analysis for railroads, large mining companies in Australia, and pipeline operators. That’s the larger-scale end of the business, leaving many smaller players eager to exploit common drone necessities among many industries. “One thing we’ve found is that with agriculture, utilities, railroads, and construction, a lot of them have very similar needs,” Kanji said, citing one example: “All of them worry about vegetation.” The Business Journal Business Journal Apr 7, 2017 Business magazine for businesses in the Greater Keene, Brattleboro, and Peterborough area Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles Officials: Investigation continues into man's death in Acworth construction accident Westmoreland resident identified as man killed in Keene crash Police investigation sheds light on fatal Keene crash Woman injured in Route 9 crash dies days after husband Investigation into fatal Route 9 crash ongoing in Keene A rescue, then a reunion at Keene's YMCA Man killed in Acworth construction accident Hinsdale High student accused of threatening school violence Keene crash victims were local business owners Keene State president responds to student journalism dispute Images Videos Commented Sorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles. Connect with Us sentinelsource.com 60 West Street Keene, NH 03431 Phone: 603-352-1234 Email: webmaster@keenesentinel.com Services Login About Us Contact Us Advertising Rates Place an Ad Subscription Services Submit News Sections The Keene Sentinel News Sports Opinion Out & About Obituaries Publications Subscriptions Classifieds © Copyright 2017 SentinelSource.com, 60 West Street Keene, NH | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
                                  Sunday, May 21, 2017   search SGN SERVING SEATTLE AND THE PACIFIC NORTHWEST FOR 43 YEARS! http://sgn.org/rss.xml Javascript DHTML Drop Down Menu Powered by dhtml-menu-builder.com Last Weeks Edition                           Weather Forecast         to Section One | to Arts & Entertainment posted Friday, May 19, 2017 - Volume 45 Issue 20 HRC files amicus brief with major companies supporting Transgender student Gavin Grimm in G.G. v. Gloucester County School Board Section One ALL STORIES   next story HRC files amicus brief with major companies supporting Transgender student Gavin Grimm in G.G. v. Gloucester County School Board The 59 signing companies represent over 1.6 million employees and $670 billion in revenue WASHINGTON DC - On Tuesday, May 16, the Human Rights Campaign (HRC), the nation's largest lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer civil rights organization, filed a 'friend of the court' brief signed by 59 major U.S. companies supporting transgender student Gavin Grimm in G.G. v. Gloucester County School Board in the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals. Grimm, a transgender boy, filed suit against the school board alleging it violated Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 by denying him use of the boy's restroom. 'These companies are sending a powerful message to transgender children and their families that America's leading businesses have their backs,' said HRC President Chad Griffin. 'Across the country, corporate leaders are speaking out because they know attacking transgender youth isn't just shameful - it also puts the families of their employees and customers at risk. Transgender students like Gavin are entitled to the full protection of the law, and must be affirmed, respected and protected in the classroom and beyond.' Leading American businesses have long expressed a commitment to LGBTQ diversity and inclusion in their workforces as evidenced by inclusive policies, practices and benefits. Businesses realize being inclusive is not only the right thing to do - it just makes good business sense as well. Companies that are inclusive of LGBTQ people and employees with LGBTQ family members are able to attract and retain the best and brightest across a wide spectrum of diversity, reap the benefits from increased engagement and productivity, and actively participate in the vibrant LGBTQ consumer marketplace. Having built inclusive workplaces for their transgender employees or even transgender dependents of employees, companies have a vested interest in the legal landscape in which those employees and their dependents live, work or go to school. The 59 companies, representing over 1.6 million employees and $670 billion in revenue, signing the brief are: Affirm, Inc.; Airbnb, Inc.; Akamai Technologies, Inc.; Amazon.com, Inc.; Apple; AppNexus Inc.; Asana, Inc.; Bloomberg L.P.; Box, Inc.; Codecademy; Credo Mobile, Inc.; Dropbox, Inc.; eBay Inc.; Fastly, Inc.; Flipboard, Inc.; General Assembly Space, Inc.; GitHub, Inc.; IBM Corporation; Indiegogo, Inc.; Intel Corporation; Kaiser Permanente; Kickstarter, PBC; Knotel, Inc.; Linden Lab; LinkedIn Corporation; MAC Cosmetics Inc.; Mapbox, Inc.; Marin Software Incorporated; MassMutual Life Insurance Company; Meetup, Inc.; Microsoft Corporation; Mitchell Gold + Bob Williams; MongoDB Inc.; NetApp, Inc.; Next Fifteen Communications Corp; Nextdoor.com, Inc.; NIO; Pandora Media, Inc.; PayPal Holdings, Inc.; Postmates Inc.; Replacements, Ltd.; RetailMeNot, Inc.; Salesforce.com, Inc.; Shutterstock, Inc.; Slack Technologies, Inc.; Spotify USA Inc.; SugarCRM Inc.; The OutCast Agency; The Gap, Inc.; Tumblr, Inc.; Twilio Inc.; Twitter Inc.; Warby Parker; Weebly, Inc.; Williams-Sonoma, Inc.; Xerox Corporation; Yahoo! Inc.; Yelp Inc.; and Zendesk, Inc. The brief was authored by BakerHostetler, one of the nation's prominent law firms. 'BakerHostetler is proud to represent our clients, including these 59 leading companies, in pursuing their missions of diversity and inclusion,' said BakerHostetler Partner Ona T. Wang. 'This brief underscores the ongoing commitment of major U.S. corporations and HRC to the fight for the full protection of the law for all individuals,' added BakerHostetler Partner Edward J. Jacobs. In June, a federal court ordered the Gloucester County School Board to allow Grimm full access to the restroom that corresponds with his gender identity, consistent with a ruling from the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals. In August, the Supreme Court of the United States halted the lower court's order, allowing the school board's discriminatory policy to remain in place while the court awaited an application by the school board to have its full appeal heard. In March, the Supreme Court of the United States sent the Grimm case back to the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals following the Trump Administration's decision to rescind guidance that protected transgender children in schools. Because the Fourth Circuit's original ruling was heavily based on the Obama Administration's guidance, the Supreme Court has asked the lower court to revisit the case and rule on the underlying statutory question regarding the scope of Title IX. Title IX should be understood to prohibit discrimination against transgender students including with respect to restroom access, regardless of the guidance. Last week, the lawyers representing Virginia transgender teen Gavin Grimm filed a brief in the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals asserting that the case remains relevant even after Grimm graduates from high school. Allowing transgender people to access facilities consistent with their gender identity - something compelled for years by laws in 18 states as well as embraced by hundreds of cities and school districts around the country - has not resulted in problems. On the other hand, forcing transgender students to use sex-segregated facilities contrary to their identity can impose real harm on transgender students, further compounding the discrimination and marginalization they already face. A recent study correlated the high suicide rates of transgender students with discriminatory bathroom restrictions, and, according to the Youth Suicide Prevention Program, more than 50 percent of transgender youth will have had at least one suicide attempt by their 20th birthday. The Human Rights Campaign is America's largest civil rights organization working to achieve equality for lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and queer people. HRC envisions a world where LGBTQ people are embraced as full members of society at home, at work and in every community. http://www.hrc.org/ Courtesy of the Human Rights Campaign Tell a friend:  Share on Facebook Share on MySpace!     Share on Delicious Share on StumbleUpon! No visas for Chechen refugees Let 'em die, State Department says ------------------------------ Trump literally driving White House staff crazy, WaPo reports ------------------------------ Unlike everyone else, Lorena Gonzalez is not running for mayor ------------------------------ Seattle Japanese American Citizens League presents Family 2.0: An API LGBTQ Gathering May 20 ------------------------------ GOTHIC SEATTLE PAGEANT ------------------------------ It's not about politics: From the wife of a transgender candidate ------------------------------ Patty Murray introduces bill to end credit discrimination against LGBT Americans ------------------------------ Investigate Jeff Sessions, Sens. Murray and Cantwell say ------------------------------ HRC files amicus brief with major companies supporting Transgender student Gavin Grimm in G.G. v. Gloucester County School Board ------------------------------ 'No reason' to ban same-sex marriage, liberal Muslim group says ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ Congressional Democrats reintroduce LGBT Equality Act ------------------------------ Equality Act reintroduced in Congress with unprecedented corporate support ------------------------------ Trump executive order targets reproductive choice, separation of church and state No OK for anti-LGBT discrimination ------------------------------ Alabama's anti-LGBTQ adoption law H.B. 24 signed into law ------------------------------ ------------------------------ BREAKING NEWS ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------         gay news feeds gay news readers gay rss gay http://sgn.org/rss.xml | what is RSS? | use Google to set up your RSS feed SGN Calendar For Mobile Phones http://sgn.org/rssCalendarMobile.xml SGN Calendar http://sgn.org/rssCalendar.xml Seattle Gay News - SGN 1707 23rd Ave Seattle, WA 98122 Phone 206-324-4297 Fax 206-322-7188 email: sgn2@sgn.org website suggestions: web@sgn.org copyright Seattle Gay News 2017 - DigitalTeamWorks 2017 USA Gay News American News American Gay News USA American Gay News United States American Lesbian News USA American Lesbian News United States USA News Pacific Northwest News in Seattle News in Washington State News
The most read Vietnamese newspaper Follow us on                Edition: International   |   Vietnamese Home News Perspectives Business Economy Finance DataSpeaks Travel & Life Food Culture & Arts Travel What’s On Video Business Travel & Life News World Contact Us © Copyright 1997 VnExpress.net, All rights reserved Go The most read Vietnamese newspaper International Edition International Edition Vietnamese Edition Contact us | Follow us on        News Business Travel & Life Video World Browse all section News Perspectives Business Economy Finance DataSpeaks Travel & Life Food Culture & Arts Travel What’s On Video Business Travel & Life News World News Most Read Calorie check: How healthy are Vietnamese foods? 1 Vietnam finishes third in Southeast Asia race for tourist dollars 2 Capital connection: The 7 bridges of Hanoi 3 Take a look at three upcoming electric car routes in downtown Saigon 4 Murder suspect detained after Saigon's bar owner is stabbed to death 5 Open visa policy could double foreign arrivals to Vietnam by 2020 – tourism group 6 Expat children in Vietnam thrive culturally, survey says 7 Screaming passenger banned from flying for one year in Vietnam 8 Vietnam cleaning up its business environment - survey 9 Vietnam student wins prize at US science fair after controversial visa rejections 10 Video In Hanoi, street art means alley art May 21, 2017 GMT+7 Hanoi takes one step closer to sky train dream May 20, 2017 GMT+7 In southern Vietnam, believers come together to celebrate revered goddess May 20, 2017 GMT+7 Modern art pieces fetch near $500 million at Christie's auction May 20, 2017 GMT+7 Red Sea's coral reef could be key in saving dying reefs- research May 19, 2017 GMT+7 Vietnam student wins prize at US science fair after controversial visa rejections By Hoang Tao  &nbspMay 20, 2017 | 01:32 pm GMT+7 Pham Huy was denied twice and almost missed his trip to Los Angeles. After two visa rejections that almost killed his dream trip, a Vietnamese high school student finally made it to the U.S.-based Intel International Science and Engineering Fair and claimed a third award for his robotic arm. Pham Huy, an 11th grader from Quang Tri Province in central Vietnam, was named among four third-award winners $1,000 in the robotics and intelligent machines category. Huy has created a prosthetic arm controlled by legs’ transmitter for disabled people. He spent four years of research to make the arm, which can perform 31 motions such as holding a spoon or lifting an object of up to 11 kilograms (24 pounds). The invention has been picked for the international contest after it won first prize at a national qualifying round in March. But his journey to the United States was not smooth and he barely reached the fair in time.  The student left Vietnam on the opening date of the event after his visa application had been rejected twice, reportedly due to personal reasons. Quang Tri’s foreign affairs department and the education ministry had to file special requests to the U.S. Embassy in Hanoi after the first rejection, but Huy still failed the second time. The embassy then called him on the phone and gave him a special interview on May 13, after local media reported Huy's story and prompted a lot of questions regarding the embassy's decision. Huy's visa application was finally accepted, but details were not available. The Intel fair was hosted in California between May 14 and 19 with 1,800 students from 78 countries and territories. The Vietnamese team won nine prizes in total, including awards for a smartphone app to assist deaf and mute people and for two projects on cancer treatment.  Related News: Vietnamese students: 3rd best coders of the world Income vs Education: Foreign experts puzzled by science, math scores of Vietnamese students   Share on Facebook   Share on Twitter Tags: Vietnam invention education science student Comments (0) Latest first | Highest rated Latest firstHighest rated View more Your comment 20/1000 Tắt chia sẻ Log out   Your comment 0/1000   Read more Weekly roundup: Beating Hollywood, in-flight theft, budget gyms and more Addicts behind rehab center breakout in southern Vietnam face up to 7 years in prison Vietnam opens criminal case into ship collision that killed 9 Vietnam's Da Nang launches $154 mln airport terminal for APEC Saigon traffic sinks into chaos under heavy rain Capital connection: The 7 bridges of Hanoi Recommendation Weekly roundup: Beating Hollywood, in-flight theft, budget gyms and more 1 Addicts behind rehab center breakout in southern Vietnam face up to 7 years in prison 2 Hanoi takes one step closer to sky train dream 3 Vietnam opens criminal case into ship collision that killed 9 4 Vietnam student wins prize at US science fair after controversial visa rejections 5 Back to top News World Business Economy Finance DataSpeaks Travel & Life Travel Food Culture & Arts Video What's On Careers Contact: Editorial © Copyright 1997 VnExpress.net, All rights reserved   Reading: Vietnam student wins prize at US science fair after controversial visa rejections | Go News Perspectives Business Economy Finance DataSpeaks Travel & Life Food Culture & Arts Travel What’s On Video Business Travel & Life News World
Home Archives Ed Morrissey Show Newsletters   White House advisor who pushed strong “counterattack” against special counsel news was … Jared Kushner? posted at 10:01 pm on May 18, 2017 by Allahpundit Share on Facebook 1 1 SHARES The way this usually works, I thought, was Steve Bannon urging #WAR on Trump’s enemies while the milquetoast centrist Kushner pushes for appeasement and accommodation. Nothing is as it seems. There are three ways to read the story. One: Kushner’s more of a Trumpian in his disposition than all of us have been led to believe. Two: Kushner’s nervous about having a special counsel sniffing around Team Trump’s Russia ties for reasons of his own. Three: It’s all a lie concocted by Kushner’s nationalist enemies inside the White House to make him look bad. Although … it doesn’t make him look bad to their own nationalist base. It improves his image by painting him as willing to fight even when the populist hellion Bannon is advising caution. How does a leak like this hurt Kushner among the right-wingers who have spent months calling on Trump to dump him? Mr. Trump, who was looking through papers, reacted calmly but defiantly at first, according to two people familiar with the events, saying he wanted to “fight back.” Realizing the seriousness of the situation, he quickly summoned his staff, including Sean Spicer, the press secretary; Michael Dubke, the communications director; Mr. Trump’s son-in-law, Jared Kushner; Reince Priebus, the chief of staff; Hope Hicks, a longtime aide; Kellyanne Conway, a senior adviser; and Stephen K. Bannon, his chief strategist. Most of those gathered recommended that the president adopt a conciliatory stance and release a statement accepting Mr. Rosenstein’s decision and embracing a swift investigation that would clear the cloud of suspicion hovering over the West Wing. Mr. Kushner — who had urged Mr. Trump to fire Mr. Comey — was one of the few dissenting voices, urging the president to counterattack, according to two senior administration officials. After a brief discussion, however, calmer heads prevailed, and Mr. Trump’s staff huddled over a computer just outside the Oval Office to draft the statement that was ultimately released, asserting the president’s innocence and determination to move on. It’s not clear what a “counterattack” have looked like. Presumably an angrily worded statement about how Bob Mueller is now in charge of “FAKE NEWS!” Which we sort of got this morning, come to think of it. So Jared wins again, I guess. More seriously, wanting to “counterattack” is a self-defeating reaction to news that has upsides for Trump. He’s spent months proclaiming his innocence. Mueller’s appointment should have been framed that way, as an opportunity for Trump to finally have his name cleared by a highly respected public servant whom both sides trust, unlike that shady Jim Comey. And it was framed that way, until Trump blew up the message today on Twitter. Mueller’s appointment is also likely to get the House and Senate Intel Committees to slow down their own probes, especially as potential witnesses start to lawyer up in anticipation of being subpoenaed by Mueller. Comey might have been preparing to testify imminently before Congress about what Trump said to him about Flynn and Russia. Now, who knows if he ever will? Mueller’s probe may linger, even for years, but it’s likely to do so quietly, with few leaks, which means Russia news might finally start to drift off the front page. And since, as many have noted, it’ll be difficult to prove that criminal acts were committed by Trump or his campaign staffers even if there’s evidence of collusion, Mueller may have no choice but to “clear” Team Trump by declining to pursue charges whether or not he suspects there were collusive interactions with Moscow. David Frum, an ardent Trump critic, made the case against a special counsel recently for precisely that reason. Mueller doesn’t get to air his political suspicions, only what he can get a grand jury to indict people for. The DOJ just raised the bar for Russiagate accusations against the White House whether it meant to or not. There are also downsides for Trump to a special counsel, of course, as well for his staff. They’re going to have to lawyer up too now, which is expensive. Many of them are multi-millionaires, but not all. Will the boss be picking up the legal tabs for the poorer ones or is it time for them to start writing tell-alls? He was asked about the special counsel today by CNBC. Verdict: Not terrific. “I believe it hurts our country terribly, because it shows we’re a divided, mixed-up, not-unified country. And we have very important things to be doing right now, whether it’s trade deals, whether it’s military, whether it’s stopping nuclear — all of the things that we discussed today. And I think this shows a very divided country,” Trump said. “It also happens to be a pure excuse for the Democrats having lost an election that they should have easily won because of the Electoral College being slanted so much in their way. That’s all this is. I think it shows division, and it shows that we’re not together as a country. And I think it’s a very, very negative thing. And hopefully, this can go quickly, because we have to show unity if we’re going to do great things with respect to the rest of the world.” We are, in fact, a divided, mixed-up, not-unified country, and if this is a Democratic plot at the FBI to sully Trump’s election win, Jeff Sessions and Rod Rosenstein seem oddly powerless to stop it. I wonder how long Trump will put up with the Mueller investigation before he gets fidgety and tries to solve his problem Comey-style. He can’t fire Mueller, but he could go the Nixon route and demand that Rosenstein fire Mueller on pain of losing his job if he refuses. He could also preemptively pardon anyone implicated in the Russiagate probe — Flynn, Manafort, Carter Page, whomever. Increasingly I think that’s what he’s going to do. He can’t try to get Mueller sacked or the country will go nuts about obstruction of justice and another “Saturday night massacre” but the president’s pardon power is so absolute that there’s really no doubt Trump could legally give all of his buddies “get out of jail” free cards. Critics would scream but he’d spin it just the way he did above: The probe is hurting the country, I’m satisfied there’s nothing to it, it’s time to move on and the voters can judge me for it in 2020. If he was willing to lean on Comey to lay off Flynn — big if — and was willing to fire him and then admit that the Russia investigation played a role in his thinking, he’s probably willing to get crazy with the cheez whiz on pardons. It’s a matter of time. Update: Not surprising given the report yesterday that Flynn and Manafort are “subjects” of the investigation, but noteworthy. Graham's takeaway from Rosenstein briefing: "You need to treat this investigation as if it may be a criminal investigation." (via @MSNBC) pic.twitter.com/xJkQWwM6p1 — Kyle Griffin (@kylegriffin1) May 18, 2017 Share on Facebook 1 1 SHARES Tags: bannon, counterattack, investigation, kushner, mueller, probe, Russia, special counsel Related Posts: Reuters: White House looking for ways to undermine Mueller’s credibility as special counsel CNN: Russians bragged in intercepts that they could use Flynn to influence Trump Senior White House advisor now “significant person of interest” in Russia probe; Update: DOJ probing possible cover-up by WH officials? Breaking on Hot Air Clock-boy’s discrimination lawsuit dismissed by federal judge The Probation Officer Protection Act is actually not such a bad idea Reuters: White House looking for ways to undermine Mueller’s credibility as special counsel Blowback   Rep. Adam Schiff is terribly disappointed in Rep. Nunes…again Dem Intel Committee member Adam Schiff: We now have more than circumstantial evidence of collusion between Russia and Trump staffers Trump: I feel “somewhat” vindicated knowing that members of my transition team were incidentally surveilled North Korean missile explodes shortly after launch Preet Bharara didn’t stay unemployed for long Join Ed and Allahpundit on Facebook! Hot Links Right Channels Ace of Spades HQ Allergic2Bull Andrew Malcolm BigGovernment.com Daily Caller Defining Ideas Doug Powers Doug Ross @ Journal Election Results ElectionProjection Evan Coyne Maloney Fausta's Blog Jeff Dunetz La Shawn Barber’s Corner Le·gal In·sur·rec·tion Liberty Unyielding Mark Steyn Matt Lewis Michelle Malkin Newsbusters NRA News Patterico Poll Tracker Power Line Pundit & Pundette Real Clear Politics Ricochet Right Wing News Salena Zito Second Amendment The Other McCain The Shark Tank The Sundries Shack Tip Sheet Blog Townhall U.S. Constitution Left Channels BloggingHeads TV War on Terror Blogging the Qur’an Counterterrorism Blog Jihad Watch MEMRI TV Michael Yon NEFA Foundation Zombie Audio podcasters Ashbrook podcasts Blogtalkradio Instapundit Cartoons/Satire Conservative eCards Day by Day Mallard Fillmore Michael Ramirez Cartoons Political Cartoons Entertainment Happy Slip John Hanlon Reviews Industry/Internet TV Ed Driscoll Johnny Dollar Popehat Roger L. Simon Hangouts Drudge Report Linkiest Lucianne Memeorandum Twitchy Talkers Hugh Hewitt KFI – Los Angeles Kirby Wilbur Lars Larson Laura Ingraham Mark Levin Michael Graham Michael Smerconish Mike Gallagher Radio Vice Online Roger Hedgecock Rush Limbaugh Sean Hannity Tammy Bruce Tony Katz Hot Air Affiliates Brian Maloney Going Red Investigative Project Jawa Report Suitably Flip Feeds  Subscribe in a reader Recent Tags Donald Trump trump ObamaCare health care AHCA Russia neil gorsuch Supreme Court Paul Ryan repeal and replace bill deportation republican gorsuch confirmation GOP Hillary Clinton Germany illegal immigrants GCHQ vote poll ryan illegal immigration Canada adam schiff collusion Devin Nunes committee coordination intelligence investigation nunes briefing communications Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act incidentally legal surveilled launch missile North Korea Rex Tillerson New York University Preet Bharara u.s. attorney achievement Chelsea Clinton hillary lifetime © 2006-2017 Hot Air | Designed by The Blog Studio | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | About | Advertise | Mobile Site
SHOP MOBILE SITE SEND US TIPS JOIN LOG IN Search all All News Features Blogs Forums CATEGORIES Reviews News Blogs Images Shop COMPONENTS All Components Recent additions: AMD Ryzen 5 1600X And 1500X Processor Review: Affordable Zen Takes On Core i5 AMD Ryzen Game Optimization Begins: Ashes Of The Singularity Patched And Tested Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Benchmark First Look, A Mobile Powerhouse Emerges Processors Recent additions: AMD Ryzen 5 1600X And 1500X Processor Review: Affordable Zen Takes On Core i5 AMD Ryzen Game Optimization Begins: Ashes Of The Singularity Patched And Tested Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Benchmark First Look, A Mobile Powerhouse Emerges Graphics/Sound Recent additions: EVGA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti SC2 GAMING Review: Dialing-In On Performance NVIDIA Volta-Powered DGX-1 And DGX Station AI Supercomputers Debut At GTC 2017 MSI GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Gaming X 11G Review: Blazing-Fast And Custom Cooled Motherboards Recent additions: AMD Announces X300 And X370 AM4 Motherboards For Ryzen Processors, All Chips Unlocked Gigabyte Z170X-Designare Motherboard Review: Affordable, High-Tech, Great Performance Rivet Networks Killer E2500 Gigabit Ethernet For Gamers With Advanced QoS Tested Storage Recent additions: Micron 5100 ECO and MAX SSD Review: High-Capacity, Affordable Datacenter Storage Intel Optane Memory With 3D XPoint Review: Easy, Robust PC Acceleration Samsung EVO Plus microSDXC 128GB Card Rips File Transfers Up To 100MB/s Misc Recent additions: Hykso Punch Trackers Review: Boxing Meets Wearable Technology Netgear Nighthawk X10 Wireless AD7200 Router Review [Updated] The Best Of CES 2017 SYSTEMS All Systems Recent additions: Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big Gaming Performance In A Small Package Maingear Vybe Review: Dual GTX 1070s And Kaby Lake Cranked To 5GHz The Best Of CES 2017 Desktops Recent additions: Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big Gaming Performance In A Small Package Maingear Vybe Review: Dual GTX 1070s And Kaby Lake Cranked To 5GHz Dell XPS 27 (7760) All-In-One Desktop Review: 4K Touch And Wired For Sound DIY Recent additions: Gigabyte Brix S GB-BSi5HT-6200 Ultra Compact SFF PC Review New Matter MOD-t 3D Printer Review: Low Cost, User-Friendly Creation AMD Powered Star Wars Battlefront Radeon 380X-Powered Gaming PC Build Small Form Factor Recent additions: Lenovo Annouces ThinkStation P320 Workstations With Kaby Lake And Quadro Graphics For VR Developers Gigabyte BRIX Gaming UHD Review With Teardown And Rebuild Action Intel Compute Stick Core m3 Review: Skylake On A Thumbstick IT/ENTERPRISE All IT/Enterprise Recent additions: AMD Naples Zen Platform Makes ‘EPYC’ Debut For Data Center Market Intel Announces Xeon Scalable Processor Family Based On Skylake-SP Toshiba's Non-Encrypted HK4 SSDs Now Shipping In High Performance NetApp SolidFire Data Center Products Workstation Recent additions: Aquantia Launches Multi-Gigabit NICs For Enthusiast-Class PCs and Professional Workstations Intel Kaby Lake Xeon E3-1200 Family Takes Flight Lenovo Annouces ThinkStation P320 Workstations With Kaby Lake And Quadro Graphics For VR Developers Data Center/SMB Recent additions: AMD Naples Zen Platform Makes ‘EPYC’ Debut For Data Center Market Intel Announces Xeon Scalable Processor Family Based On Skylake-SP Toshiba's Non-Encrypted HK4 SSDs Now Shipping In High Performance NetApp SolidFire Data Center Products Cloud Recent additions: Microsoft Legal Marijuana Tracking Software Has A Serious Case Of The Munchies ProtectWise Builds Security As A Service Platform With DVR Playback And Jacks You Into The Matrix NVIDIA Launches GeForce NOW Game Streaming Service Software Recent additions: Microsoft CodePlex Open Source Repository Closing, Devs Urged To Embrace Github Microsoft Rolls Out Wake On LAN For Easier Remote Windows 10 Updates Google Chrome For macOS Gains Enhanced Safe Browsing Malware Protection MOBILE All Mobile Recent additions: Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review: Optimized Mobility Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium Android Productivity And Entertainment HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Notebooks Recent additions: Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review: Optimized Mobility HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming Review: Great Battery Life, Strong Performance, Affordable Price Smartphones Recent additions: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: Android Excellence In Performance And Design LG G6 Review: Design Elegance And Efficiency A Winning Combination Australian Regulators Sue Apple Over Fatal Error 53 Bricking Of Repaired iPhones Tablets Recent additions: Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium Android Productivity And Entertainment HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Dell XPS 13 2-In-1 Review - Portable And Flexible Living On The Infinity Edge Gadgets Recent additions: GoPro Fusion Spherical 360 Degree VR 5.2K Camera Launching 2H 2017 Hykso Punch Trackers Review: Boxing Meets Wearable Technology Amazfit Pace GPS Smartwatch Review: Sleek, Attractive, And Great Battery Life LEISURE All Leisure Recent additions: Sole Surviving Nintendo PlayStation Rare Prototype Is Now Fully Functional Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Razer Lancehead eSports Gaming Mouse Promises Unmatched Wireless Performance Entertainment Recent additions: Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Google Launches $35/Month YouTube TV Streaming Service For Discerning Cord Cutters NVIDIA SHIELD TV (2017) Review: Smart Home, 4K HDR, And Game Streaming Gaming Recent additions: Sole Surviving Nintendo PlayStation Rare Prototype Is Now Fully Functional Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Razer Lancehead eSports Gaming Mouse Promises Unmatched Wireless Performance Social Recent additions: Tinder Users Outaged As Machine Learning App Scrapes And Exposes 40,000 Profile Photos Merriam-Webster Adds ‘Sheeple’ To Dictionary Citing Apple Fans As Prime Examples Twitter Getting Rid Of The Default Egg Profile Picture That Has A Bad Actor Reputation VIDEOS All videos 2.5 Geeks Reviews/How Tos FORUMS BLOGS Shop Subscribe TRENDING: Vega AMD ThreadRipper AMD EPYC Microsoft Surface Radeon RX 580 Samsung Galaxy S8 home Mobile Tablets by Brandon Hill — Friday, September 18, 2015 Battle Of The Hybrids: Microsoft, Lenovo, Dell Stiff Competition For Apple iPad Pro When Microsoft first announced the Surface Pro back in 2012 (it launched in early 2013), many Apple fans snickered. Here was Microsoft, releasing a somewhat thick and heavy tablet that not only had a kickstand, but also an “odd” cover that doubled as a keyboard. And to top things off, the device made use of a stylus. The late Apple CEO Steve Jobs famously said in 2010, “If you see a stylus, they blew it.”  And many people thought that Microsoft did blow it, writing off nearly $1 billion in costs related to its Surface tablets during the first year. But Microsoft forged ahead with the Surface Pro 2, and later with the Surface Pro 3 (you can read Marco’s review here). Not only were customers becoming more aware of the innovative and powerful tablet, but competitors were also taking note.  Microsoft Surface Pro 3 We’ve seen Lenovo introduce the ideapad MIIX 700, which incorporates its own kickstand and an Intel Skylake-based Core m7 processor. And most recently, we've seen Apple pull a literal 180 on this design and platform approach, announcing the iPad Pro — a device that features a fabric keyboard cover similar in concept to the Surface Pro and a stylus. The big head-to-head competition will no doubt be between the Surface Pro 4, which is set to be unveiled early next month, and the iPad Pro. But for practical purposes, today we’ll be discussing the Surface Pro 3. So let’s take a look at what both machines offer: Microsoft Surface Pro 3 Specifications & Features Model Surface Pro 3 Processor 4th-generation Intel Core i3/i5/i7 processors Graphics Intel HD Graphics Operating System Windows 10 Pro 64-bit Display 12-inch ClearType Full HD (2160x1440) Touch Panel Camera 5MP front-facing camera; 5MP rear-facing camera Memory & Storage 4GB or 8GB of RAM 64GB, 128GB, 256GB, or 512GB SSD microSD card slot I/O Ports 1 x Full-size USB 3.0 1 x Mini Display port Headset jack microUSB charging port Wireless 802.11ac Wi-Fi Bluetooth 4.0 Battery Up to 9 hours Weight 1.76 pounds MSRP Base Price: $799 (Now on sale For $671) We’ll start with the incumbent, the Surface Pro 3. Even after a year on the market, the Surface Pro 3 is still quite potent, offering up to a fourth generation 1.7GHz Intel Core i7 processor paired with 8GB RAM. You’ll also find up to 512GB of storage on the range-topping model.  But the most impressive part of the Surface Pro 3 is probably its 12-inch display, which has a display resolution of 2160x1440 (3:2 aspect ratio). The 1.76-pound tablet features a built-in, infinitely-adjustable kickstand which makes finding the “perfect” typing angle a lot easier than with previous generations. And we can’t forget the included Surface Pen, which is a boon for everyone from simple note takers to creative types. The Bluetooth-based Surface Pen is powered by a single AAAA battery or two Type-319 coin cell batteries. Microsoft Surface Pro 3 The Surface Pro 3 is aimed at primarily at professionals, so it should come as no surprise that the tablet is running Windows 10 — an operating system that is equally kind to both touch-based tablets and and devices that rely primarily on a keyboard and mouse for input. And since after all this is a fully functional Windows PC, it has access to the entire catalog of current and legacy Windows x86 software applications. On the all-important pricing front, the Surface Pro 3 covers an almost comically broad pricing spectrum. An entry-level model with a Core i3 processor, 4GB of RAM, and a 64GB SSD will cost you $699 from the Microsoft Store. The most expensive model with its Core i7 processor, 8GB of RAM, and 512MB SSD will cost you a pretty penny at $1,799. But there’s an extra wrinkle in those prices — Microsoft regularly offers steep discounts on the Surface Pro 3, so if you play your cards right, you can get upwards of $300 off mid-range and higher-tier Surface Pro 3 models. With the Surface Pro 4 imminent, expect pricing to get even more competitive. Although the Surface Pro 3 comes with a Surface Pen in the box, they retail for $49.99 should you lose your original. The Surface Pro Type Cover runs $129.99. Apple iPad Pro Specifications & Features Model iPad Pro Processor Apple A9X Graphics Apple A9X Operating System iOS 9 Display 12.9-inch (2732x2048) Touch Panel Camera 1.2MP front-facing camera; 8MP rear-facing camera Memory & Storage 4GB of RAM 32GB, 64GB or 128GB Flash storage I/O Ports 1 x Lightning Port Headset jack Wireless 802.11ac Wi-Fi Bluetooth 4.2 Optional LTE Battery Up to 10 hours (Wi-Fi), Up to 8 hours (Wi-Fi + LTE) Weight 1.57 pounds MSRP Base Price: $799 On the Apple front, we have the iPad Pro . This newcomer is the Mac Daddy (no pun intended) of iOS devices, sporting a massive 12.9-inch display with a resolution of 2732x2048. Powering the iPad Pro is a potent A9X processor which is backed by 4GB of RAM. Apple says that the iPad Pro offers nearly twice the performance of last year’s A8X processor found in the iPad Air 2 and features a GPU that is twice as fast. However, we have to keep in mind that the GPU is also pushing quite a bit more pixels in the iPad Pro (the iPad Air 2 features a 2048x1536 display), so we’ll be eager to see what the actual CPU and GPU benchmarks look like once we get the tablet into our test lab. Apple iPad Pro Like the Surface Pro 3, the iPad Pro is available with fabric-covered keyboard cover, which Apple calls the "Smart Keyboard." And just like the Surface Pro 3, the Smart Keyboard is powered by the tablet using a proprietary, magnetic port. In the case of the iPad Pro, power comes from the Smart Connector (which takes the form of three small circles) on the side of the tablet. And wouldn’t you know it, the iPad Pro can also be equipped with an optional stylus; or as the folks from Cupertino call it, the "Apple Pencil." Thankfully, the Apple Pencil has its own built-in battery, which lasts 12 hours per charge. It features its own male Lightning connector under a protective cap, which allows you to plug it into your iPad Pro to recharge (we must say, it does look odd in when charging). However, Apple says that a 15-second charge is good for 30 minutes of runtime, so at least you won’t have to look at the awkward contraption for too long. Being that this is an iOS device, you immediately have access to the millions of iOS apps that flood the App Store, both geared towards general consumers and those in the professional market — although the mix is heavily skewed towards the former. But with the iPad Pro, Apple is hoping to court app developers to create more professional-level applications which make extensive use of the iPad Pro’s more powerful processor, expansive screen real estate and the new Apple Pencil. However, some feel that the very nature of the App Store will prevent many developers from taking the plunge.  The developers of Sketch, which make their app available on the Mac for designers at a cost of $99, simply can’t make a business case for producing a version of its popular software for the iPad Pro: We don’t have plans for an iPad pro version at the moment. Yes, it has a beautiful screen, but there’s more to consider, such as how to adapt the UI for touch without compromising the experience. But the biggest problem is the platform. Apps on iOS sell for unsustainably low prices due to the lack of trials. We cannot port Sketch to the iPad if we have no reasonable expectation of earning back on our investment.  Apple offers no way for developers to provide trial software to consumers and doesn’t allow a way for developers to enable upgrade pricing. The latter point means that devs either have to spend a lot of money and resources to create a substantial upgrade for an iOS app and offer it as a free update in the App Store (good for consumers, bad for developers) or just increment the version number and charge customers full price for a new version of the software (good for developers, but bad for customers). Charging customers full price for a new version of software isn’t all that much of an issue when an app costs $0.99 or $1.99, but it can be a big barrier to entry when the app costs $99 (like the Mac OS version of Sketch). Now this of course isn’t going to stop software heavyweights like Adobe from pouring resources into expensive, pro-level apps for the iPad Pro, but the indie developers that gained prominence with their $0.99 apps have a lot more to lose by taking a gamble.  The iPad Pro will launch in November with a starting price of $799 for a 32GB model with Wi-Fi. The next tier gives you 128GB of storage for $949, while a 128GB iPad Pro with Wi-Fi and cellular connectivity will set you back $1,079. The Apple Pencil is an optional accessory that costs $99. The Smart Keyboard will set you back another $169. But while the title bout will no doubt be between the inevitable Surface Pro 4 and the iPad Pro, which should be released to the public around the same time, there are also some other contenders that we’ll be keeping an eye on in the coming months. Lenovo announced its Ideapad MIIX 700 at IFA 2015 earlier this month. The convertible was swiftly labeled a Surface clone thanks to its adjustable kickstand, 12-inch display, and keyboard cover that attaches magnetically to the tablet. The MIIX 700 even has a stylus, which attaches to the tablet’s USB port when not in use -- the resemblance is uncanny. Lenovo ideapad MIIX 700 Powering the MIIX 700 is Intel’s Skylake-based Core m7 processor and 8GB of RAM. Prices start at $699, which puts Lenovo’s 2-in-1 right in the same ballpark as the Surface Pro 3 and the iPad Pro. There's also yet another “Surface Pro clone” in the incubator. Late last week, slides were leaked which indicate that Dell is set to launch a new 2-in-1 tablet in October. The XPS 12 will features a dazzling 12-inch 4K display (3840x2160), Thunderbolt 3 and a Dell Active Stylus. And like the iPad Pro, the Dell XPS 12 appears to have a smart keyboard that helps prop the tablet up into laptop mode. Unfortunately, we don’t have any pricing or additional specs on Dell’s potential game changer in the 2-in-market, but we’ll find out full details soon enough. Asus Transformer Book T300 Chi  Yet another option is the Asus Transformer Book T300 Chi, which brings a 12.5-inch display that matches the resolution of the Surface Pro 3. In its $899 configuration, the T300 Chi comes with a dual-core Intel Core M 5Y71 processor, 8GB of RAM, and a 128GB SSD. And we can’t forget the Surface 3, which is smaller and less potent that in its pro-oriented brother. The Surface 3 comes with a 10.8-inch Full HD (1920x1200) display, Intel Atom x7 Z8700 processor, up to 4GB of RAM and up to 128GB of eMMC Flash storage. The 1.37-pound tablet last up to 10 hours on a charge and is priced from $499, making it a much cheaper alternative than the above mentioned tablets, although there is a steep drop-off in performance to consider as well. Microsoft definitely didn’t create the 2-in-1 market all by itself, but it definitely made things a lot more interesting with the first generation Surface Pro. And now that we have some incredibly powerful OEMs entering the fray with similar designs, we can expect to see highly competitive tablet 2-in-1 devices enter the market over the next few months. Tags:  Lenovo, Dell, Apple, Microsoft, tablet, (NASDAQ:AAPL), Surface Pro 3, (nasdaq:msft), ipad pro, surface pro 4 Via:  Hot Hardware Show comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Follow Us: Twitter Facebook RSS Email YouTube AppStore Google+ 85K 9K 4K 25K CONVERSATIONS Monster Intel 12-Core i9-7920X Leaked...34 AMD Radeon Vega Frontier Edition...20 Intel Kills Rumors Of ‘Confirmed’ GPU...12 Aquantia Launches Multi-Gigabit NICs For...11 AMD 16-Core ThreadRipper Enthusiast CPUs...11 AMD Ryzen 9 Threadripper Enthusiast CPU...10 Security Researcher Temporarily Stops...9 FEATURED Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review:... Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium... EVGA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti SC2 GAMING... Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big... MSI GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Gaming X 11G... Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice... Micron 5100 ECO and MAX SSD Review:... FAVORITES 6 TB Hard Drive Round-Up: WD Red, WD...781k Intel Core i7-6700K And Z170 Chipset...634k Intel SSD 750 Series PCIe SSD Review:...574k Dell XPS 13 (2015) Ultrabook Review,...549k AMD Ryzen Review: Ryzen 7 1800X, 1700X,...526k Alienware X51 R3 Review: Console-Sized...520k Alienware Area 51: Triad, Tri-SLI GTX...445k Getting A GeForce GTX 1080 Ti? Absolutely! No thanks Current NVIDIA card Current AMD card Vega for me Next GeForce please More Results MORE HOT HEADLINES IN MOBILE LG G6 Hands-On Preview: Compact And... Hands-On With The Dell Inspiron 15... Hands On With Dell's XPS 13 2-in-1... Alienware 13 With OLED: Hands-On The... Samsung Unpacks Galaxy S7 And Galaxy S7... Qualcomm Unleashes Snapdragon 820 With... First Look Hands-On With ASUS ZenPad S... Follow @HotHardware SITE Home Reviews News Blogs Images Mobile Site Sitemap CATEGORIES Components Systems IT/Enterprise Mobile Leisure Videos COMPANY About Advertise News Tips Contact MORE Forums Shop STAY CONNECTED Twitter Facebook Google + YouTube Feedburner This site is intended for informational and entertainment purposes only. The contents are the views and opinion of the author and/or his associates. All products and trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Reproduction in whole or in part, in any form or medium, without express written permission of HotHardware.com, LLC. is prohibited. All content and graphical elements are Copyright © 1999 - 2017 David Altavilla and HotHardware.com, LLC. All rights reserved. Privacy and Terms Subscribe to HH News Alerts! Preview Email Address
SHOP MOBILE SITE SEND US TIPS JOIN LOG IN Search all All News Features Blogs Forums CATEGORIES Reviews News Blogs Images Shop COMPONENTS All Components Recent additions: AMD Ryzen 5 1600X And 1500X Processor Review: Affordable Zen Takes On Core i5 AMD Ryzen Game Optimization Begins: Ashes Of The Singularity Patched And Tested Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Benchmark First Look, A Mobile Powerhouse Emerges Processors Recent additions: AMD Ryzen 5 1600X And 1500X Processor Review: Affordable Zen Takes On Core i5 AMD Ryzen Game Optimization Begins: Ashes Of The Singularity Patched And Tested Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Benchmark First Look, A Mobile Powerhouse Emerges Graphics/Sound Recent additions: EVGA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti SC2 GAMING Review: Dialing-In On Performance NVIDIA Volta-Powered DGX-1 And DGX Station AI Supercomputers Debut At GTC 2017 MSI GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Gaming X 11G Review: Blazing-Fast And Custom Cooled Motherboards Recent additions: AMD Announces X300 And X370 AM4 Motherboards For Ryzen Processors, All Chips Unlocked Gigabyte Z170X-Designare Motherboard Review: Affordable, High-Tech, Great Performance Rivet Networks Killer E2500 Gigabit Ethernet For Gamers With Advanced QoS Tested Storage Recent additions: Micron 5100 ECO and MAX SSD Review: High-Capacity, Affordable Datacenter Storage Intel Optane Memory With 3D XPoint Review: Easy, Robust PC Acceleration Samsung EVO Plus microSDXC 128GB Card Rips File Transfers Up To 100MB/s Misc Recent additions: Hykso Punch Trackers Review: Boxing Meets Wearable Technology Netgear Nighthawk X10 Wireless AD7200 Router Review [Updated] The Best Of CES 2017 SYSTEMS All Systems Recent additions: Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big Gaming Performance In A Small Package Maingear Vybe Review: Dual GTX 1070s And Kaby Lake Cranked To 5GHz The Best Of CES 2017 Desktops Recent additions: Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big Gaming Performance In A Small Package Maingear Vybe Review: Dual GTX 1070s And Kaby Lake Cranked To 5GHz Dell XPS 27 (7760) All-In-One Desktop Review: 4K Touch And Wired For Sound DIY Recent additions: Gigabyte Brix S GB-BSi5HT-6200 Ultra Compact SFF PC Review New Matter MOD-t 3D Printer Review: Low Cost, User-Friendly Creation AMD Powered Star Wars Battlefront Radeon 380X-Powered Gaming PC Build Small Form Factor Recent additions: Lenovo Annouces ThinkStation P320 Workstations With Kaby Lake And Quadro Graphics For VR Developers Gigabyte BRIX Gaming UHD Review With Teardown And Rebuild Action Intel Compute Stick Core m3 Review: Skylake On A Thumbstick IT/ENTERPRISE All IT/Enterprise Recent additions: AMD Naples Zen Platform Makes ‘EPYC’ Debut For Data Center Market Intel Announces Xeon Scalable Processor Family Based On Skylake-SP Toshiba's Non-Encrypted HK4 SSDs Now Shipping In High Performance NetApp SolidFire Data Center Products Workstation Recent additions: Aquantia Launches Multi-Gigabit NICs For Enthusiast-Class PCs and Professional Workstations Intel Kaby Lake Xeon E3-1200 Family Takes Flight Lenovo Annouces ThinkStation P320 Workstations With Kaby Lake And Quadro Graphics For VR Developers Data Center/SMB Recent additions: AMD Naples Zen Platform Makes ‘EPYC’ Debut For Data Center Market Intel Announces Xeon Scalable Processor Family Based On Skylake-SP Toshiba's Non-Encrypted HK4 SSDs Now Shipping In High Performance NetApp SolidFire Data Center Products Cloud Recent additions: Microsoft Legal Marijuana Tracking Software Has A Serious Case Of The Munchies ProtectWise Builds Security As A Service Platform With DVR Playback And Jacks You Into The Matrix NVIDIA Launches GeForce NOW Game Streaming Service Software Recent additions: Microsoft CodePlex Open Source Repository Closing, Devs Urged To Embrace Github Microsoft Rolls Out Wake On LAN For Easier Remote Windows 10 Updates Google Chrome For macOS Gains Enhanced Safe Browsing Malware Protection MOBILE All Mobile Recent additions: Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review: Optimized Mobility Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium Android Productivity And Entertainment HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Notebooks Recent additions: Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review: Optimized Mobility HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming Review: Great Battery Life, Strong Performance, Affordable Price Smartphones Recent additions: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: Android Excellence In Performance And Design LG G6 Review: Design Elegance And Efficiency A Winning Combination Australian Regulators Sue Apple Over Fatal Error 53 Bricking Of Repaired iPhones Tablets Recent additions: Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium Android Productivity And Entertainment HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Dell XPS 13 2-In-1 Review - Portable And Flexible Living On The Infinity Edge Gadgets Recent additions: GoPro Fusion Spherical 360 Degree VR 5.2K Camera Launching 2H 2017 Hykso Punch Trackers Review: Boxing Meets Wearable Technology Amazfit Pace GPS Smartwatch Review: Sleek, Attractive, And Great Battery Life LEISURE All Leisure Recent additions: Sole Surviving Nintendo PlayStation Rare Prototype Is Now Fully Functional Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Razer Lancehead eSports Gaming Mouse Promises Unmatched Wireless Performance Entertainment Recent additions: Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Google Launches $35/Month YouTube TV Streaming Service For Discerning Cord Cutters NVIDIA SHIELD TV (2017) Review: Smart Home, 4K HDR, And Game Streaming Gaming Recent additions: Sole Surviving Nintendo PlayStation Rare Prototype Is Now Fully Functional Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Razer Lancehead eSports Gaming Mouse Promises Unmatched Wireless Performance Social Recent additions: Tinder Users Outaged As Machine Learning App Scrapes And Exposes 40,000 Profile Photos Merriam-Webster Adds ‘Sheeple’ To Dictionary Citing Apple Fans As Prime Examples Twitter Getting Rid Of The Default Egg Profile Picture That Has A Bad Actor Reputation VIDEOS All videos 2.5 Geeks Reviews/How Tos FORUMS BLOGS Shop Subscribe TRENDING: Vega AMD ThreadRipper AMD EPYC Microsoft Surface Radeon RX 580 Samsung Galaxy S8 home Mobile Notebooks by Chris Goetting — Wednesday, January 04, 2017 Hands On With Dell's XPS 13 2-in-1 Convertible At CES 2017 CES 2017 is just warming up, but already we have seen a ton of hot new products unleashed. Among these is Dell’s new XPS 13 2-in-1 convertible notebook, which first broke cover on Monday. Today, we had the pleasure of taking a closer look at this Infinity Edge’d stunner. Dell’s XPS 13 notebook has long been a favorite of ours, earning Editor’s Choice after Editor’s Choice. We thought there wasn’t much more Dell could pack inside its 2.7 pound frame. We were wrong. Somehow, they managed to engineer a strong and sturdy 360-degree steel hinge without tacking on any extra weight. Check out the full tour below: The XPS 13 2-in-1 convertible packs in Intel’s latest Kaby Lake chips with a choice of either the Core i5-7Y54 (up to 3.2GHz, 4MB cache) or the Core i7-7Y75 (up to 3.6Ghz, 4MB cache) at launch. It also offers up to 16GB of dual-channel LPDDR3 memory, with configurations starting at 4GB, and various storage options, including a 128GB SATA SSD or PCIe SSD in 256GB, 512GB, or 1TB capacities. There’s plenty of horsepower available here to meet all but the most demanding power user’s workloads. The XPS 13’s shining feature looks to be its premium build quality. As with previous iterations, no corners are cut. The body is constructed from milled aluminum and finished with a carbon fiber interior and Corning Gorilla Glass display. The XPS 13 2-in-1’s display is a real showstopper thanks to its near-bezelless Infinity Edge design and eye-popping visuals. Coming standard with a 1080p touch display, it can also be upgraded to a UltraSharp QHD+ touch panel for the pixel peepers out there. The viewing angles are excellent as well, as demonstrated in the hands-on video. This doesn’t come without sacrifices, however, as Dell has done away with USB Type-A ports on this model. In their place, the XPS 13 2-in-1 offers a USB 3.1 Type-C connector on one side and a Thunderbolt 3 Type-C port on the other, which also serves as the power port. While some ultrabook users may not miss these ports, others will want to look for a convenient adapter. The cooling fan is also on the chopping block. This keeps the weight down with truly silent performance, but may take a toll on prolonged power usage. The Dell XPS 13 2-in-1 is available now, starting at $999. Tags:  Dell, Notebook, XPS, convertible, XPS 13, 2in1, ces2017 Via:  HotHardware Show comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Follow Us: Twitter Facebook RSS Email YouTube AppStore Google+ 85K 9K 4K 25K CONVERSATIONS Monster Intel 12-Core i9-7920X Leaked...34 AMD Radeon Vega Frontier Edition...20 Intel Kills Rumors Of ‘Confirmed’ GPU...12 Aquantia Launches Multi-Gigabit NICs For...11 AMD 16-Core ThreadRipper Enthusiast CPUs...11 AMD Ryzen 9 Threadripper Enthusiast CPU...10 Security Researcher Temporarily Stops...9 FEATURED Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review:... Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium... EVGA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti SC2 GAMING... Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big... MSI GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Gaming X 11G... Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice... Micron 5100 ECO and MAX SSD Review:... FAVORITES 6 TB Hard Drive Round-Up: WD Red, WD...781k Intel Core i7-6700K And Z170 Chipset...634k Intel SSD 750 Series PCIe SSD Review:...574k Dell XPS 13 (2015) Ultrabook Review,...549k AMD Ryzen Review: Ryzen 7 1800X, 1700X,...526k Alienware X51 R3 Review: Console-Sized...520k Alienware Area 51: Triad, Tri-SLI GTX...445k Getting A GeForce GTX 1080 Ti? Absolutely! No thanks Current NVIDIA card Current AMD card Vega for me Next GeForce please More Results MORE HOT HEADLINES IN MOBILE Two and a Half Geeks: Ryzen R5, LG G6,... Two And A Half Geeks: Intel Optane SSD,... Two And A Half Geeks Webcast! 3/8/2017:... NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Unboxed,... LG G6 Hands-On Preview: Compact And... Two And A Half Geeks 1/31/17: Kaby Lake... Hands-On With The Dell Inspiron 15... Follow @HotHardware SITE Home Reviews News Blogs Images Mobile Site Sitemap CATEGORIES Components Systems IT/Enterprise Mobile Leisure Videos COMPANY About Advertise News Tips Contact MORE Forums Shop STAY CONNECTED Twitter Facebook Google + YouTube Feedburner This site is intended for informational and entertainment purposes only. The contents are the views and opinion of the author and/or his associates. All products and trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Reproduction in whole or in part, in any form or medium, without express written permission of HotHardware.com, LLC. is prohibited. All content and graphical elements are Copyright © 1999 - 2017 David Altavilla and HotHardware.com, LLC. All rights reserved. Privacy and Terms Subscribe to HH News Alerts! Preview Email Address
SHOP MOBILE SITE SEND US TIPS JOIN LOG IN Search all All News Features Blogs Forums CATEGORIES Reviews News Blogs Images Shop COMPONENTS All Components Recent additions: AMD Ryzen 5 1600X And 1500X Processor Review: Affordable Zen Takes On Core i5 AMD Ryzen Game Optimization Begins: Ashes Of The Singularity Patched And Tested Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Benchmark First Look, A Mobile Powerhouse Emerges Processors Recent additions: AMD Ryzen 5 1600X And 1500X Processor Review: Affordable Zen Takes On Core i5 AMD Ryzen Game Optimization Begins: Ashes Of The Singularity Patched And Tested Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Benchmark First Look, A Mobile Powerhouse Emerges Graphics/Sound Recent additions: EVGA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti SC2 GAMING Review: Dialing-In On Performance NVIDIA Volta-Powered DGX-1 And DGX Station AI Supercomputers Debut At GTC 2017 MSI GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Gaming X 11G Review: Blazing-Fast And Custom Cooled Motherboards Recent additions: AMD Announces X300 And X370 AM4 Motherboards For Ryzen Processors, All Chips Unlocked Gigabyte Z170X-Designare Motherboard Review: Affordable, High-Tech, Great Performance Rivet Networks Killer E2500 Gigabit Ethernet For Gamers With Advanced QoS Tested Storage Recent additions: Micron 5100 ECO and MAX SSD Review: High-Capacity, Affordable Datacenter Storage Intel Optane Memory With 3D XPoint Review: Easy, Robust PC Acceleration Samsung EVO Plus microSDXC 128GB Card Rips File Transfers Up To 100MB/s Misc Recent additions: Hykso Punch Trackers Review: Boxing Meets Wearable Technology Netgear Nighthawk X10 Wireless AD7200 Router Review [Updated] The Best Of CES 2017 SYSTEMS All Systems Recent additions: Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big Gaming Performance In A Small Package Maingear Vybe Review: Dual GTX 1070s And Kaby Lake Cranked To 5GHz The Best Of CES 2017 Desktops Recent additions: Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big Gaming Performance In A Small Package Maingear Vybe Review: Dual GTX 1070s And Kaby Lake Cranked To 5GHz Dell XPS 27 (7760) All-In-One Desktop Review: 4K Touch And Wired For Sound DIY Recent additions: Gigabyte Brix S GB-BSi5HT-6200 Ultra Compact SFF PC Review New Matter MOD-t 3D Printer Review: Low Cost, User-Friendly Creation AMD Powered Star Wars Battlefront Radeon 380X-Powered Gaming PC Build Small Form Factor Recent additions: Lenovo Annouces ThinkStation P320 Workstations With Kaby Lake And Quadro Graphics For VR Developers Gigabyte BRIX Gaming UHD Review With Teardown And Rebuild Action Intel Compute Stick Core m3 Review: Skylake On A Thumbstick IT/ENTERPRISE All IT/Enterprise Recent additions: AMD Naples Zen Platform Makes ‘EPYC’ Debut For Data Center Market Intel Announces Xeon Scalable Processor Family Based On Skylake-SP Toshiba's Non-Encrypted HK4 SSDs Now Shipping In High Performance NetApp SolidFire Data Center Products Workstation Recent additions: Aquantia Launches Multi-Gigabit NICs For Enthusiast-Class PCs and Professional Workstations Intel Kaby Lake Xeon E3-1200 Family Takes Flight Lenovo Annouces ThinkStation P320 Workstations With Kaby Lake And Quadro Graphics For VR Developers Data Center/SMB Recent additions: AMD Naples Zen Platform Makes ‘EPYC’ Debut For Data Center Market Intel Announces Xeon Scalable Processor Family Based On Skylake-SP Toshiba's Non-Encrypted HK4 SSDs Now Shipping In High Performance NetApp SolidFire Data Center Products Cloud Recent additions: Microsoft Legal Marijuana Tracking Software Has A Serious Case Of The Munchies ProtectWise Builds Security As A Service Platform With DVR Playback And Jacks You Into The Matrix NVIDIA Launches GeForce NOW Game Streaming Service Software Recent additions: Microsoft CodePlex Open Source Repository Closing, Devs Urged To Embrace Github Microsoft Rolls Out Wake On LAN For Easier Remote Windows 10 Updates Google Chrome For macOS Gains Enhanced Safe Browsing Malware Protection MOBILE All Mobile Recent additions: Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review: Optimized Mobility Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium Android Productivity And Entertainment HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Notebooks Recent additions: Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review: Optimized Mobility HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming Review: Great Battery Life, Strong Performance, Affordable Price Smartphones Recent additions: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: Android Excellence In Performance And Design LG G6 Review: Design Elegance And Efficiency A Winning Combination Australian Regulators Sue Apple Over Fatal Error 53 Bricking Of Repaired iPhones Tablets Recent additions: Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium Android Productivity And Entertainment HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Dell XPS 13 2-In-1 Review - Portable And Flexible Living On The Infinity Edge Gadgets Recent additions: GoPro Fusion Spherical 360 Degree VR 5.2K Camera Launching 2H 2017 Hykso Punch Trackers Review: Boxing Meets Wearable Technology Amazfit Pace GPS Smartwatch Review: Sleek, Attractive, And Great Battery Life LEISURE All Leisure Recent additions: Sole Surviving Nintendo PlayStation Rare Prototype Is Now Fully Functional Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Razer Lancehead eSports Gaming Mouse Promises Unmatched Wireless Performance Entertainment Recent additions: Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Google Launches $35/Month YouTube TV Streaming Service For Discerning Cord Cutters NVIDIA SHIELD TV (2017) Review: Smart Home, 4K HDR, And Game Streaming Gaming Recent additions: Sole Surviving Nintendo PlayStation Rare Prototype Is Now Fully Functional Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Razer Lancehead eSports Gaming Mouse Promises Unmatched Wireless Performance Social Recent additions: Tinder Users Outaged As Machine Learning App Scrapes And Exposes 40,000 Profile Photos Merriam-Webster Adds ‘Sheeple’ To Dictionary Citing Apple Fans As Prime Examples Twitter Getting Rid Of The Default Egg Profile Picture That Has A Bad Actor Reputation VIDEOS All videos 2.5 Geeks Reviews/How Tos FORUMS BLOGS Shop Subscribe TRENDING: Vega AMD ThreadRipper AMD EPYC Microsoft Surface Radeon RX 580 Samsung Galaxy S8 home Mobile Notebooks by Joshua Gulick — Friday, April 07, 2017 Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming Review: Great Battery Life, Strong Performance, Affordable Price Article Index:    Dell Inspiron 15 7000 - Introduction And Specifications Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming Design And Features Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming ATTO Disk, Sunspider And Cinebench Performance Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming PCMark And 3DMark Performance Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming Tomb Raider, Bioshock And Mordor Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming Battery Life And Acoustics Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming Final Thoughts And Rating Dell Inspiron 15 7000 - Introduction And Specifications The Dell Inspiron 7000 Gaming straddles the line between mainstream and gaming notebooks. It is offered in a few sizes, including a svelte 14" model, but after getting some hands-on time with the Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming at CES earlier this year, we decided to check the larger laptop out. It sports a 7th Gen Intel Core i7 processor and a discrete NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1050 Ti GPU, along with some fairly high-end internals. Before we dig into the Inspiron 15 7000’s specs, we should point out that this particular system sits at the top of the Inspiron line. The entry-level 3000 series is easy on the budget, while the 5000 series and 7000 series offer improved power and features, but carry higher price tags. Solid gaming performance requires powerful hardware, however, so it’s not surprising that Dell’s Inspiron Gaming laptops are part of its higher-end Inspiron 7000 series. Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming Specifications & Features Processor 7th Gen Intel Core i5-7300HQ (6MB Cache, 2.5Ghz - 3.5GHz)  Display 15.6-inch FHD (1920x1080) Anti-Glare, LED-Backlit Display Graphics Nvidia GeForce GTX 1050Ti (4GB GDDR5) Memory 8GB 2400MHz DDR4 Memory Storage 256GB SSD Optical NA Wired Ethernet Gigabit Ethernet Wireless Connectivity 802.11ac Dual-Band 2.4GHz & 5GHz, BT 4.2 Interface (Left) Lock Slot, Power Port, USB 3.0 Port, Media Card Reader Interface (Right) Ethernet Port, HDMI Port, USB 3.0 PowerShare Port, USB 3.0 Port, Headphone/Mic Jack Interface (Back) NA Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-bit Dimensions 15.15 x 10.82 x 1 inches (W x D x H) Weight 5.76 pounds Extras Two color options (Black, Beijing red); 74Whr, 6-cell Integrated Battery, McAfee LiveSafe 12-Month Subscription Warranty 1-Year Mail-In Service Pricing $849.99 (as configured) As we mentioned earlier, Dell pumped up its 7000 Gaming series with Intel’s 7th Gen, “Kaby Lake” processors, and the CPU is one of the defining differences between models. You can keep the price down by going with a Core i5-7300HQ (which appears in our $849.99 review system) or you can bump up to a Core i7-7700HQ, which Turbos to 3.8GHz and adds support for Hyper-Threading. Both CPUs are quad-core chips and both are solid choices for a gaming system, but if your budget has some leeway, putting your dollars into the Core i7-7700HQ isn’t a bad plan. Go this route and you’ll have a starting price of $949.99. Another critical component that changes in the higher priced models is the NVIDIA GeForce GTX GPU that's used. Dell puts a GTX 1050 in its lowest-priced model (which starts at $799.99) and steps up to the GTX 1050 Ti for the rest of its Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming series laptops. The GTX 1050 Ti features more CUDA cores and a base clock of 1493MHz, which is the same as the 1050’s Boost clock speed. You also have a few storage drive options, but the best are (understandably) in the pricier models. The entry-level Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming sports a 1TB hard drive, providing plenty of space, but unimpressive speed. The model we tested features a 256GB SSD, offering better performance, but limiting onboard storage space. While that’s not an issue for someone buying an everyday laptop, many gamers have enough titles to easily fill a 256GB SATA SSD. In fact, we ran into storage problems while loading the games (and other benchmarks) we use in our tests. In the end, we had to uninstall a game to make room for another. Look to the pricier models, and you’ll have more choices, including a 128GB SSD / 1TB hard drive setup that gives your OS a speedy drive without sacrificing space for your games library. At the highest end of the series Dell offers a 512GB PCIe NVMe M.2 drive. That laptop starts at $1,299.99; if your budget can handle a bigger price tag than that, you’re not so much the target customer for Dell’s Inspiron Gaming series as you are its Alienware brand.  Dell gives the top Inspiron 7000 Gaming models a QHD 3840 x 2160 IPS display, but it opts for a more standard 1920 x 1080 display in most models. Although we love the quality of high-resolution displays, sticking to a typical FHD monitor seems like a sacrifice worth making in the name of adhering to your budget, especially with a 1050 Ti pushing the pixels. NEXT PAGE Article Index:    Dell Inspiron 15 7000 - Introduction And Specifications Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming Design And Features Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming ATTO Disk, Sunspider And Cinebench Performance Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming PCMark And 3DMark Performance Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming Tomb Raider, Bioshock And Mordor Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming Battery Life And Acoustics Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming Final Thoughts And Rating Tags:  Dell, Inspiron, Inspiron 15, kaby lake, gtx 1050 ti, inspiron 15 gaming Image gallery Related content Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review: Optimized Mobility Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium Android Productivity And Entertainment Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: Android Excellence In Performance And Design Comments Show comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Follow Us: Twitter Facebook RSS Email YouTube AppStore Google+ 85K 9K 4K 25K CONVERSATIONS Monster Intel 12-Core i9-7920X Leaked...34 AMD Radeon Vega Frontier Edition...20 Intel Kills Rumors Of ‘Confirmed’ GPU...12 Aquantia Launches Multi-Gigabit NICs For...11 AMD 16-Core ThreadRipper Enthusiast CPUs...11 AMD Ryzen 9 Threadripper Enthusiast CPU...10 Security Researcher Temporarily Stops...9 FEATURED Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review:... Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium... EVGA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti SC2 GAMING... Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big... MSI GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Gaming X 11G... Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice... Micron 5100 ECO and MAX SSD Review:... FAVORITES 6 TB Hard Drive Round-Up: WD Red, WD...781k Intel Core i7-6700K And Z170 Chipset...634k Intel SSD 750 Series PCIe SSD Review:...574k Dell XPS 13 (2015) Ultrabook Review,...549k AMD Ryzen Review: Ryzen 7 1800X, 1700X,...526k Alienware X51 R3 Review: Console-Sized...520k Alienware Area 51: Triad, Tri-SLI GTX...445k Getting A GeForce GTX 1080 Ti? Absolutely! No thanks Current NVIDIA card Current AMD card Vega for me Next GeForce please More Results MORE HOT STUFF IN MOBILE Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review:... Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium... Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice... HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile,... Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: Android... LG G6 Review: Design Elegance And... Dell XPS 15 (9560) Review: More... Follow @HotHardware SITE Home Reviews News Blogs Images Mobile Site Sitemap CATEGORIES Components Systems IT/Enterprise Mobile Leisure Videos COMPANY About Advertise News Tips Contact MORE Forums Shop STAY CONNECTED Twitter Facebook Google + YouTube Feedburner This site is intended for informational and entertainment purposes only. The contents are the views and opinion of the author and/or his associates. All products and trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Reproduction in whole or in part, in any form or medium, without express written permission of HotHardware.com, LLC. is prohibited. All content and graphical elements are Copyright © 1999 - 2017 David Altavilla and HotHardware.com, LLC. All rights reserved. Privacy and Terms Subscribe to HH News Alerts! Preview Email Address
Skip to content Fone Arena The Mobile Blog Menu Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Weekly Roundup: Xiaomi Redmi 4, Nokia 3310, HTC U11, OPPO A77 and more This week, Xiaomi launched Redmi 4 in India, Nokia 3310 is now available in the country, HTC announced U11 smartphone, Moto C and Moto C Plus were also announced. Let’s take a quick look at all the launches and announcements that took place this week. Xiaomi launched Redmi 4 in India this week. It packs a 5-inch HD 2.5D curved glass display, is powered by an Octa-Core Snapdragon 435 SoC, has a 13-megapixel rear camera with LED flash and a 5-megapixel front-facing camera. Even though it runs on Android 6.0 (Marshmallow) based MIUI 8, it is offering beta test of Android 7.0 (Nougat) out of the box. The Xiaomi Redmi 4 comes in Gorgeous Black and Elegant gold colors in India, is priced at Rs. 6999 for the 2GB RAM with 16GB storage version, 3GB RAM with 32GB storage version costs Rs. 8,999 and the 4GB RAM with 64GB storage version costs Rs. 10,999. It will be available from 23rd May, 12 noon on Mi.com and Amazon.in. You can also get the phone from Mi Home in Bengaluru from today, May 20th. Xiaomi launched Mi Router 3C, its first budget router in India. It was introduced in China a few months back. It is a 802.11 b/g/n single-band router with 4 copper antennas, two to transmit and two to receive and supports upto 300Mbps transmission speed. The Xiaomi Mi Router 3C comes in white color, is priced at Rs. 1,199 and will be available from mi.com starting May 23rd 12 noon. It will be available from Flipkart and Amazon.in from June 8th. Nokia launched 3310 phone in India, couple of weeks after it started shipping the phone.  It has a 2.4 inch QGVA color display with polarized layer that claims to offer better sunlight visibility. It has a 2-megapixel rear camera with LED flash light that acts as torch and brings back nostalgia with the most popular game Snake. The Nokia 3310 comes in Warm Red and Yellow with a gloss finish, and Dark Blue and Grey with a matte finish, is priced at Rs. 3310 and is now available across mobile stores in India. Lenovo launched Lenovo Legion Y520 and Y720 gaming laptops in the country. Both the laptops are equipped with up to 7th Gen Intel Core i7 CPU and the latest NVIDIA graphics cards.  Lenovo claims the Y720 is the world’s first Dolby Atmos Windows based laptop that sports an all metal build. It comes with NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1060 graphics that makes it India’s first Oculus certified VR-ready laptop. The Legion Y520and Legion Y720 laptops start at Rs. 92,490 and Rs. 1,49,990 respectively and are now available for pre-booking in India. They will be available online through Flipkart and the www.thedostore.com. Samsung launched Z4, a budget Tizen OS smartphone running the latest Tizen OS 3.0 in India. It has a 4.5-inch WVGA  2.5D curved glass display, is powered by a 1.5GHz quad-core processor, has a 5-megapixel rear camera with dual LED flash arranged on either sides of the camera and a 5-megapixel front-facing camera with LED flash for taking better selfies in low lighting conditions. The Samsung Z4 comes in gold color in India, is priced at Rs. 5,790, and is available in mobile stores across India. Meizu launched M5 smartphone in India. It packs a 5.2-inch HD 2.5D curved glass screen, is powered by a 1.5 GHz octa-core 64-bit MediaTek MT6750 processor and runs on Android 6.0 (Marshmallow) based FlyMe OS. It has a 13-megapixel rear camera with dual-tone LED flash, phase-detection auto-focus (PDAF) that lets you focus in just 0.2 seconds and a 5-megapixel front-facing camera. It also has a mTouch 2.1 fingerprint sensor embedded into the home button. The Meizu M5 comes in Champanage Gold and Sapphire Blue colors in India, is priced at Rs. 9,499 and is available exclusively from Tatacliq.com. Bose launched new SoundLink Revolve and SoundLink Revolve+ portable Bluetooth speakers that promise true omni-directional performance with 360 degree sound. These feature an IPX4-rating to withstand spills, rain, and pool splashes; and rugged durability to survive dings, drops, and bumps. The SoundLink Revolve and SoundLink Revolve+ Bluetooth speakers come in Triple Black and Lux Gray colors and are priced at Rs. 19,900 and Rs. 24,500, respectively. These are already available for order from Amazon.in and will be available from Bose stores, Bose.com and authorized Bose dealers starting May 26, 2017. Samsung announced Galaxy J3 (2017), the company’s latest budget smartphone in the U.S. for AT&T. It was introduced as Galaxy S3 Emerge for Sprint earlier this year and packs a 5-inch HD display, is powered by a quad-core Exynos 7570 14nm processor, has a 5-megapixel rear camera with LED flash and a 2-megapixel front-facing camera. It runs on Android 7.0 (Nougat) compared to Marshmallow on the Sprint version. Huawei unveiled Y7, the company’s latest budget smartphone in the ‘Y Series’. It was introduced as Enjoy 7 Plus in China recently, has a 5.5-inch HD 2.5D curved glass screen, is powered by an Octa-Core Snapdragon 435 Mobile platform, runs on Android 7.0 (Nougat) with EMUI 5.1, has a 12-megapixel rear camera with LED flash, PDAF for quick 0.3-second focus and an 8-megapixel front-facing camera. The Huawei Y7 comes in Grey, Prestige Gold and Silver colors. No details about the price or rollout details yet. HTC announced U11 smartphone that comes with Edge Sensor for new squeeze interaction that lets you launch the camera, send text messages, open email or customize it to launch any application. It also lets you activate advanced touch and use a “short squeeze” as well as a “squeeze and hold” for even more functionality. It has 5.5-inch Quad HD 3D glass screen on the front and 3D glass on the back as well. The phone is powered by Qualcomm Snapdragon 835, has 12MP rear camera, 16MP front camera. The HTC U11 comes in Amazing Silver, Sapphire Blue, Brilliant Black, Ice White, and Solar Red, and will start rolling out in select countries from next week and will be available worldwide from June, 2017. Motorola announced the Moto C and Moto C Plus budget smartphones. The entry-level Moto C comes with a 5-inch FWVGA screen and in 3G and 4G versions, while the Moto C Plus packs a 5-inch HD screen and comes in 1GB RAM and 2GB RAM versions. Both the smartphones run Android 7.0 (Nougat), are powered by MediaTek SoCs, come with a 2-megapixel front-facing camera with LED flash and have micro-textured back cover. OPPO announced selfie-focused A77 smartphone in the ‘A series’ in Taiwan. It has similar specifications as the OPPO F3 that includes a 5.5-inch 1080p display, Octa-Core MediaTek MT6750T processor, runs on Android 6.0 (Marshmallow) with ColorOS 3.0, but this has a single 16-megapixel sensor on the front instead of dual front cameras on the F3. It still offers background blur to create depth of field effect along with selfie timer. It also has a 13-megapixel rear camera with PDAF, fingerprint sensor embedded into the home button and a 3200mAh built-in battery. Xiaomi launched Mi TV 4 series in China that come in 49-inch, 55-inch, and 65-inch sizes and have 4K panel with support for HDR. These have a 4.9mm slim frameless design and the top-end 65-inch model also comes with Dolby Atmos audio technology with 2 up-firing speakers, that are basically pointed at the ceiling which reflects the sound to provide a 3-dimensional experience. "Weekly Roundup: Xiaomi Redmi 4, Nokia 3310, HTC U11, OPPO A77 and more", 3 out of 5 based on 11 ratings. Author: Sneha Bokil Sneha Bokil is a tech enthusiast and is currently using OnePlus 3T but she still treasures her Nokia N70 (M). You can follow her on Twitter @snehabokil and on Google+ View all posts by Sneha Bokil Author Sneha BokilPosted on May 20, 2017May 20, 2017Categories Roundup Post navigation Previous Previous post: I/O 2017 shows signs of a more mature Google Next Next post: Wanakiwi tool released to fix WannaCry ransomware infected PCs Trending Phones OnePlus 3T Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Google Pixel Honor 6X Apple iPhone 7 Plus Nokia 6 Mobile Phones Nokia Sony Ericsson Samsung Motorola i-Mate Dopod HTC LG 02 BlackBerry Sagem Haier palmOne HP Spice Fly Apple Latest Phones Lenovo Phab 2 Lenovo Phab 2 Plus Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto Z Force Reliance Lyf Wind 5 Featured Video Subscribe to FA on YouTube Recent Posts Ulefone Gemini Pro with Deca-Core processor, 4GB RAM, Dual 13MP rear cameras announced Moto Z2 Force with dual rear cameras surface in press images Samsung Galaxy S8 Battery Life Test Tim Cook said to be testing glucose blood sugar monitor for Apple Watch Wanakiwi tool released to fix WannaCry ransomware infected PCs Weekly Roundup: Xiaomi Redmi 4, Nokia 3310, HTC U11, OPPO A77 and more I/O 2017 shows signs of a more mature Google OnePlus teams up with DxO for OnePlus 5, LG G6 gets price cut in India and more – FoneArena Daily Google Daydream 2.0 Euphrates adds Chrome support, screen casting, YouTube VR and more Nubia N1 lite with 5.5-inch display, fingerprint sensor launching in India on May 22 CategoriesCategories Select Category 2 in 1 3G 4G 5G Accessories Acer Aircel Airtel Alcatel Amazon Android Announcements AOC Apple apps Articles askFA AskFoneArena Asus AT&T Bada Battery test Benchmarks Bharti Blackberry BlackBerry World Blogging Bluetooth Brands BSNL BT Byond Camera Samples Canada Cases CDMA CeBIT Celkon CES CES 2013 CES 2014 CES 2015 CES 2016 CES 2017 Chaze Cheers China china Computex 2014 Computex 2015 Computex 2016 Contributors Coolpad CREO CTIA Datawind Dell Development development Digiflip Pro Digital Payments Domo Dual SIM EE Elephone eReaders EV-DO Events Exclusive Facebook Featured Firefox Fitness Trackers Fly FoneArena Daily FoneArena Labs G Five Games G’FIVE General Gifts Gionee Google GPRS GPS GSM Guides Handsets Headlines HP HTC Huawei Hutch iBall iberry IDEA IFA India Infocus INQ Instagram Photo Contest Intek Intel Interviews Intex IoT iPad iPhone itel Japan Japan Java / J2ME Jio Jolla Karbonn Lava LeEco Lemon Lenovo LeTV LG Linux Luxury Maemo Magicon Manufacturers Maxx MeeGo Meizu Memory Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTNL MTS Multimedia MWC MWC 2010 MWC 2011 MWC 2012 MWC 2013 MWC 2014 MWC 2015 MWC 2016 MWC 2017 News Nexian Nextbit NFC Nokia Nokia World 2009 Nokia World 2010 Nokia World 2011 Nokia-Siemens O2 Obi OnePlus Operators Oplus Oppo Palm Palm Panasonic Phicomm Philips Photo Gallery Platforms poll Press Releases Previews Qiku Qualcomm Reliance Reliance Reports Reviews Roundup Rumors Sailfish Samsung Sections SEE2009 Sennheiser Simmtronics Singapore Smartisan Smartron Smartwatches SMS Software Sony Sony Ericsson Spice Spice Sprint Swipe Symbian T-Mobile Tablets Tata Docomo Tata Indicom TCL Teardown Technology Tesla Three Tips Tizen TP-LINK Ubuntu uk Ulefone UMi Unboxings Uncategorized Uninor USA VAS Verizon Video Videocon Videocon Vivo Vodafone VR Wallets WickedLeak Wifi Win a Nokia E7 Windows Xiaomi Xolo YU Zen Zopo ZTE ZUK FA on Facebook Youtube Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Fone Arena 2005-2016
NYMag.com Daily Intelligencer Vulture The Cut Science of Us Select All Grub Street The Strategist Log In Register My Account My Profile My Comments My Reviews My Friends Sign Out The Strategist Search Like Follow Follow Get the Newsletter Newsletter Get the Strategist in your inbox daily Enter your email Thank you for signing up! An error occurred. Please try again. Close the newsletter signup modal. NYMag.com Daily Intelligencer Vulture The Cut Science of Us Select All Grub Street Bedford & Bowery Like Follow Follow Get the Newsletter Newsletter Get the Strategist in your inbox daily Enter your email Thank you for signing up! An error occurred. Please try again. Close the newsletter signup modal. More from The Strategist Ad will collapse in seconds… CLOSE strat investigates May 19, 2017 05/19/2017 2:58 pm Who Makes Dev’s Plaid Shearling Coat on ‘Master of None’? By The Editors Share Facebook iconShare Twitter iconTweet Google Plus iconShare Pinterest iconPin It Email iconEmail Comment iconComment Print icon Print What’s the deal with that darn coat? It’s well-known by now that Aziz Ansari’s Master of None character Dev has excellent taste in clothes. His wardrobe in the first season — heavily reliant on Band of Outsiders shirts and Saint Laurent jackets — were just this side of believable for a sometimes-working actor. The clothes in season two are even more turned-up, with Dev traveling to Italy, not to mention landing a hosting gig on a Cupcake Wars–like show. Perhaps, like us, you watched Master of None and thought, “Who makes that excellent plaid shearling coat Dev is wearing when he bangs his head against the store window?” We called up Master of None costume designer Dana Covarrubias (who’s also worked on Louie and Broad City) to get the intel about what Dev wears onscreen (it’s all pretty fancy), from that shearling jacket to his Italian linen trousers. “Our favorite piece that we bought for Dev. It was just so beautiful and played with the idea of classic Americana. It looks like it could be from the ‘70s. We had some back and forth about whether Dev could actually afford this, but we ultimately decided that he could because he just landed that cupcake gig. He used his first paycheck. And then all his pants in the show are the Unis Gio, which we had to alter just so slightly to get tapered but they do fit him really well. They’re such a great heavy weight too.” Buy Saint Laurent Faux Shearling Plaid Coat $1,249, Barneys Warehouse Buy Gio Slim Khaki $198, Totokaelo “We did a lot more Italian brands for Dev this season, because of course he’s in Italy. If the first season was more inspired by The Graduate, the second season — particularly the scenes set in Italy — felt more like Fellini. This jacket is Brunello Cucinelli [Editor’s note: this one is similar, though not exactly the same], his pants are Isaia, and the shoes are Alden.” Buy Brunello Cucinelli Double Breasted Blazer $1,964, Yoox Buy Isaia Linen Trousers $550, Barneys New York Buy Alden Suede Loafers $549, The Shoe Mart “We actually had to prep all of Dev’s clothes in New York before shooting in Italy so even though they were Italian brands, we had to be able to buy them all in New York. Luckily, so many of them are available here. You’ll notice, too, that not everything he wore in Italy was necessarily Italian, but at least Italian in spirit.” Buy Goorin Brothers Driving Cap $30, Nordstrom Buy COS Silk Knit Cotton Polo Shirt $79, COS Buy Isaia Linen Trousers $550, Barneys New York Buy Alden Suede Loafers $549, The Shoe Mart “There are a lot of sweaters this season, many of them from AMI, which suits Aziz, and Gant, too. And Dev wears a lot of A.P.C. jeans.” Buy Gant Rugger R2 Varsity Sweater $210, NLY Man Buy A.P.C. Petit Standard Slim-Fit Dry Selvedge Denim Jeans $195, Mr Porter “AMI sweaters fit Aziz so well, and we really liked the idea of Aziz as this Indian dude wearing these classically American things. We wanted to play with that notion. Alexandre Mattiussi does it beautifully, too, even though he’s a French designer.” [Editor’s note: The exact sweater is sold out but this one by Burberry is similar.] Buy Burberry Fair Isle Cashmere And Wool-Blend Sweater $495, Mr Porter The Strategist is designed to surface the most useful, expert recommendations for things to buy across the vast e-commerce landscape. Some of our latest conquests include the best women’s jeans, rolling luggage, pillows for side sleepers, ultra-flattering pants, and bath towels. We update links when possible, but note that deals can expire and all prices are subject to change. Every editorial product is independently selected. If you buy something through our links, New York may earn an affiliate commission. Get the best of The Strategist delivered to your inbox. Tags: the strategist strat investigates men's clothing as seen on tv Who Makes Dev’s Plaid Shearling Coat on Master of None? Share on Facebook Tweet this Story The Best of Amazon Cheap (But Expensive-Looking) Colorful Décor You Can Buy on Amazon 31 Millennial-Pink Things You Can Buy on Amazon Cheap (But Expensive-Looking) Bedroom Décor That You Can Buy on Amazon people's choice The 9 Best Comforters on Amazon, According to Hyperenthusiastic Reviewers The 11 Best Water Bottles on Amazon, According to Hyperenthusiastic Reviewers The 10 Best Towels on Amazon, According to Hyperenthusiastic Reviewers House beautiful I Bathed for Two and a Half Hours Because of This Tray This Weird Kneeling Chair Saved My Back 17 Cheap (But Expensive-Looking) Apartment Accents on Amazon Kids’ Furniture Is the Best-Kept Secret of Decorating Latest from The Strategist 5/19/2017 at 6:01 p.m. Ask the Strategist: The Best Home-Office Chair Come along as we find something ergonomic that doesn’t look like an exercise ball or an exoskeleton. 5/19/2017 at 2:58 p.m. Who Makes Dev’s Plaid Shearling Coat on Master of None? We speak with the costume designer to find out this and other secrets. 5/19/2017 at 1:07 p.m. What Strategist Readers Are Buying: Japanese Exfoliators and Meal Replacements Japanese exfoliators and “Calorie Mate.” 5/19/2017 at 12:53 p.m. What Patricia Altschul of Southern Charm Can’t Live Without From custom caftans to the mallet she uses to perfectly crush ice. 5/19/2017 at 10:37 a.m. 22 Things on Sale You’ll Actually Want to Buy Including some fashion Tevas. 5/18/2017 at 5:50 p.m. The Best Outdoor Furniture for Small Outdoor Spaces Only have a tiny terrace? You can make a hammock work on that. 5/18/2017 at 4:59 p.m. I Use This Jade Roller to Get Rid of Puffy Face It’s a classic Chinese remedy that’s now a cult beauty tool. 5/18/2017 at 3:24 p.m. The 11 Best Sunscreens, According to the Cut’s Beauty Editors From the best nongreasy options to ones that give you a subtle glow. 5/18/2017 at 3:06 p.m. 17 Non-Cheesy Graduation-Gift Books, According to Our Book Critic Save the grads from the ultimate corniness of Oh, the Places You’ll Go. 5/18/2017 at 11:23 a.m. Deal of the Day: A 40 Percent Off Smythson Journal for the Grad in Your Life It’s 40 percent off. 5/18/2017 at 8:00 a.m. The Dark Art of How (and When) to Buy an Airline Ticket Navigating the ever-more-complicated travel-reward-cardsphere, frequent-flier programs, and Hawaiian stopovers, with help from 23 travel hackers. 5/17/2017 at 4:21 p.m. This Prosciutto-like Jerky Is the Tastiest Snack I’ve Ever Had Unlike regular beef, it won’t break your jaw. 5/17/2017 at 2:15 p.m. The Best (and Weirdest) Strokes Merch You Can Buy Online Including a Nikolai Fraiture jersey. 5/17/2017 at 12:25 p.m. What ‘Crazy Rich Asians’ Author Kevin Kwan Can’t Live Without From a shower gel made by Carthusian monks to a Japanese enamel teapot with the perfect spout. 5/17/2017 at 9:53 a.m. Deal of the Day: The ‘Rolls-Royce of Curling Irons’ Is 20 Percent Off It’s the most intuitively usable curling iron on the market. 5/16/2017 at 5:25 p.m. I Paint at 36,000 Feet With This TSA-Approved Watercolor Set Each brush tip is attached to a squeezable plastic tube that you fill with water before you paint. 5/16/2017 at 4:05 p.m. 6 ‘RompHims’ That Are Better Than RompHims Cool men’s jumpsuits that you’d actually want to wear. 5/16/2017 at 2:52 p.m. The 9 Best Baby Bouncers on Amazon, According to Hyperenthusiastic Reviewers From the vibrating to the sleek, including a cult favorite for under $20. 5/16/2017 at 2:28 p.m. What I Discovered When I Outsourced My Back Pain Seven remedies from various experts. 5/16/2017 at 10:33 a.m. Deal of the Day: A $58 Everyday Bag From Loup That doesn’t look exactly like everyone else’s everyday bag. Newsletters Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Feedly Privacy Terms Sitemap Media Kit Ad Choices About Us Contacts Feedback We’re Hiring! © 2017, New York Media LLC. View all trademarks LOG IN REGISTER Social Account Facebook or Remember Me Forgot Password? Sign up with a social account: Facebook Don’t worry. We will never post to your social media account without your permission. or create an account Female Male NYMag.com may email me about new site features and special offers. By creating an account, you agree with the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. We’ve sent a registration confirmation email to . Please follow the instructions in the email within 48 hours to complete your registration. Forgot Your Password? Enter your email address or username and we’ll email instructions on how to reset your password. This username or email is associated with a Facebook account. Log in with your social account: Facebook Check Your Inbox We’ve sent you an email with instructions on how to reset your password. Choose a Username Your username will appear next to your comments. Email: By creating a NYMag.com account, you agree with the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. You already have an account registered under . You can link your Facebook account to your existing account. No, Sign In Welcome! You are now a registered user of NYMag.com, TheCut.com, Vulture.com, ScienceOfUs.com and GrubStreet.com. Want more? Subscribe to our daily newsletters. Daily Intelligencer Constant news updates on politics, business, media, and real estate. Vulture Breaking news and analysis on all the latest TV, movies, music, books, theater, and art. The Cut Get the latest fashion, beauty, and shopping news and recommendations. No Thanks We're sorry. You must confirm your registration within 48 hours of submitting your registration request. Please register again. You are already registered. Please log in. Reset Your Password Enter a new password Your password has been successfully changed. Please log in.
Sunday, May 21, 2017 Latest: Why The Left Refuses To Talk About Venezuela – OpEd Can Moon Jae-In Cool The Korean Peninsula – Analysis Maldives: After Poll-Loss, Yameen Taunts ‘Divided Opposition’ Leaders To Return Home – Analysis Trump Strikes Arms Deal With Saudi Arabia Worth $350bn Iran: Rouhani Re-Elected President – OpEd Eurasia Review A Journal of Analysis and News News Opinion Analysis Business Social Religion Entertainment Environment Technology About Editorial Staff Authors and Partners Contact Submit an Article Buzz Future Privacy Policy And Terms Of Use Hillary Clinton. DoD photo by U.S. Navy Petty Officer 1st Class Chad J. McNeeley, Wikipedia Commons. 1 Opinion  Seth Rich, Craig Murray And Sinister Stewards Of National Security State – OpEd May 20, 2017May 20, 2017 Mike Whitney 0 Comment Corruption, Democrat, Donald Trump, FBI, Hacking, Hillary Clinton, Politics, Russia, United States By Mike Whitney Why is it a “conspiracy theory” to think that a disgruntled Democratic National Committee staffer gave WikiLeaks the DNC emails, but not a conspiracy theory to think the emails were provided by Russia? Why? Which is the more likely scenario: That a frustrated employee leaked damaging emails to embarrass his bosses or a that foreign government hacked DNC computers for some still-unknown reason? That’s a no-brainer, isn’t it? Former-DNC employee, Seth Rich, not only had access to the emails, but also a motive. He was pissed about the way the Clinton crowd was “sandbagging” Bernie Sanders. In contrast, there’s neither evidence nor motive connecting Russia to the emails. On top of that,  WikiLeaks founder, Julien Assange (a man of impeccable integrity) has repeatedly denied that Russia gave him the emails which suggests the government investigation is completely misdirected. The logical course of action, would be to pursue the leads that are most likely to bear fruit, not those that originate from one’s own political bias. But, of course, logic has nothing to do with the current investigation, it’s all about politics and geopolitics. We don’t know who killed Seth Rich and we’re not going to speculate on the matter here.  But we find it very strange that neither the media nor the FBI have pursued leads in the case that challenge the prevailing narrative on the Russia hacking issue. Why is that? Why is the media so eager to blame Russia when Rich looks like the much more probable suspect? And why have the mainstream news organizations put so much energy into discrediting the latest Fox News report, when– for the last 10 months– they’ve showed absolutely zero interest in Rich’s death at all? According to Fox News: “The Democratic National Committee staffer who was gunned down on July 10 on a Washington, D.C., street just steps from his home had leaked thousands of internal emails to WikiLeaks, law enforcement sources told Fox News. A federal investigator who reviewed an FBI forensic report detailing the contents of DNC staffer Seth Rich’s computer generated within 96 hours after his murder, said Rich made contact with WikiLeaks through Gavin MacFadyen, a now-deceased American investigative reporter, documentary filmmaker, and director of WikiLeaks who was living in London at the time…. Rod Wheeler, a retired Washington homicide detective and Fox News contributor investigating the case on behalf of the Rich family, made the WikiLeaks claim, which was corroborated by a federal investigator who spoke to Fox News…. “I have seen and read the emails between Seth Rich and Wikileaks,” the federal investigator told Fox News, confirming the MacFadyen connection. He said the emails are in possession of the FBI, while the stalled case is in the hands of the Washington Police Department.” (“Family of slain DNC staffer Seth Rich blasts detective over report of WikiLeaks link”, Fox News) Okay, so where’s the computer? Who’s got Rich’s computer? Let’s do the forensic work and get on with it. But the Washington Post and the other bogus news organizations aren’t interested in such matters because it doesn’t fit with their political agenda. They’d rather take pot-shots at Fox for running an article that doesn’t square with their goofy Russia hacking story. This is a statement on the abysmal condition of journalism today. Headline news has become the province of perception mandarins who use the venue to shape information to their own malign specifications, and any facts that conflict with their dubious storyline, are savagely attacked and discredited. Journalists are no longer investigators that keep the public informed, but paid assassins who liquidate views that veer from the party-line. Related: WikiLeaks’ Latest CIA Data Dump Undermines Case Against Russia Election Hack – OpEd WikiLeaks never divulges the names of the people who provide them with information. Even so, Assange has not only shown an active interest in the Seth Rich case, but also offered a $20,000 reward for anyone providing information leading to the arrest and conviction of Rich’s murder. Why? And why did he post a link to the Fox News article on his Twitter account on Tuesday? I don’t know, but if I worked for the FBI or the Washington Post, I’d sure as hell be beating the bushes to find out. And not just because it might help in Rich’s murder investigation, but also, because it could shed light on the Russia fiasco which is being used to lay the groundwork for impeachment proceedings. So any information that challenges the government version of events, could actually change the course of history. Have you ever heard of Craig Murray? Murray should be the government’s star witness in the DNC hacking scandal, instead, no one even knows who he is. But if we trust what Murray has to say, then we can see that the Russia hacking story is baloney. The emails were “leaked” by insiders not “hacked” by a foreign government. Here’s the scoop from Robert Parry at Consortium News: “Former British Ambassador to Uzbekistan Craig Murray, has suggested that the DNC leak came from a “disgruntled” Democrat upset with the DNC’s sandbagging of the Sanders campaign and that the Podesta leak came from the U.S. intelligence community….He (Murray) appears to have undertaken a mission for WikiLeaks to contact one of the sources (or a representative) during a Sept. 25 visit to Washington where he says he met with a person in a wooded area of American University. …. Though Murray has declined to say exactly what the meeting in the woods was about, he may have been passing along messages about ways to protect the source from possible retaliation, maybe even an extraction plan if the source was in some legal or physical danger…Murray also suggested that the DNC leak and the Podesta leak came from two different sources, neither of them the Russian government. “The Podesta emails and the DNC emails are, of course, two separate things and we shouldn’t conclude that they both have the same source,” Murray said. “In both cases we’re talking of a leak, not a hack, in that the person who was responsible for getting that information out had legal access to that information… Scott Horton then asked, “Is it fair to say that you’re saying that the Podesta leak came from inside the intelligence services, NSA [the electronic spying National Security Agency] or another agency?” “I think what I said was certainly compatible with that kind of interpretation, yeah,” Murray responded. “In both cases they are leaks by Americans.” (“A Spy Coup in America?”, Robert Parry, Consortium News) With all the hullabaloo surrounding the Russia hacking case, you’d think that Murray’s eyewitness account would be headline news, but not in Homeland Amerika where the truth is kept as far from the front page as humanly possible. Bottom line: The government has a reliable witness (Murray) who can positively identify the person who hacked the DNC emails and, so far, they’ve showed no interest in his testimony at all.  Doesn’t that strike you as a bit weird? Did you know that after a 10 month-long investigation, there’s still no hard evidence that Russia hacked the 2016 elections?  In fact, when the Intelligence agencies were pressed on the matter, they promised to release a report that would provide iron-clad proof of Russian meddling.  On January 6, 2017, theDirector of National Intelligence, James Clapper, released that report. It was called The Intelligence Community Assessment (ICA).  Unfortunately, the report fell far-short of the public’s expectations. Instead of a smoking gun, Clapper produced a tedious 25-page compilation of speculation, hearsay, innuendo and gobbledygook.  Here’s how veteran journalist Robert Parry summed it up: “The report contained no direct evidence that Russia delivered hacked emails from the Democratic National Committee and Hillary Clinton’s campaign chairman John Podesta to WikiLeaks….The DNI report…as presented, is one-sided and lacks any actual proof. Further, the continued use of the word “assesses”….suggests that the underlying classified information also may be less than conclusive because, in intelligence-world-speak, “assesses” often means “guesses.” (“US Report Still Lacks Proof on Russia ‘Hack’”, Robert Parry, Consortium News) Repeat: “the report contained no direct evidence”, no “actual proof”, and a heckuva a lot of “guessing”. That’s some “smoking gun”, eh? If this ‘thin gruel’ sounds like insufficient grounds for removing a sitting president and his administration, that’s because it is.  But the situation is even worse than it looks,  mainly because the information in the assessment is not reliable. The ICA was corrupted by higher-ups in the Intel food-chain who selected particular analysts who could be trusted to produce a document that served their broader political agenda. Think I’m kidding? Take a look at this excerpt from an article at Fox News: “On January 6, 2017, the U.S. Intelligence Community issued an “Intelligence Community Assessment” (ICA) that found Russia deliberately interfered in the 2016 presidential election to benefit Trump’s candidacy…  (but) there are compelling reasons to believe this ICA was actually a politicized analysis that violated normal rules for crafting intelligence assessments…… to ensure this one reached the bottom line conclusion that the Obama administration was looking for. … ….Director of National Intelligence James Clapper explained in his testimony that two dozen or so “seasoned experts” were “handpicked” from the contributing agencies” and drafted the ICA “under the aegis of his former office” …  While Clapper claimed these analysts were given “complete independence” to reach their findings, he added that their conclusions “were thoroughly vetted and then approved by the directors of the three agencies and me.” This process drastically differed from the Intelligence Community’s normal procedures.  Hand-picking a handful of analysts from just three intelligence agencies to write such a controversial assessment went against standing rules to vet such analyses throughout the Intelligence Community within its existing structure.  The idea of using hand-picked intelligence analysts selected through some unknown process to write an assessment on such a politically sensitive topic carries a strong stench of politicization…. A major problem with this process is that it gave John Brennan, CIA’s hyper-partisan former director, enormous influence over the drafting of the ICA.  Given Brennan’s scathing criticism of Mr. Trump before and after the election, he should have had no role whatsoever in the drafting of this assessment.  Instead, Brennan probably selected the CIA analysts who worked on the ICA and reviewed and approved their conclusions…. The unusual way that the January 6, 2017 Intelligence Community Assessment was drafted raises major questions as to whether it was rigged by the Obama administration to produce conclusions that would discredit the election outcome and Mr. Trump’s presidency.” (“More indications Intel assessment of Russian interference in election was rigged”, Fox News) Repeat: “A politicized analysis that violated normal rules for crafting intelligence assessments.” That says it all, doesn’t it? Let’s take a minute and review the main points in the article: 1–Was the Intelligence Community Assessment the summary work of all 17 US Intelligence Agencies? No, it was not. “In his May 8 testimony to a Senate Judiciary subcommittee hearing, Clapper confirmed …(that) the ICA reflected the views of only three intelligence agencies — CIA, NSA and FBI – not all 17.” 2–Did any of the analysts challenge the findings in the ICA? No, the document failed to acknowledge any dissenting views, which suggests that the analysts were screened in order to create consensus. 3– Were particular analysts chosen to produce the ICA? Yes, they were “handpicked from the contributing agencies” and drafted the ICA “under the aegis of his former office” (the Office of the Director of National Intelligence.) 4– Was their collaborative work released to the public in its original form? No,  their conclusions “were thoroughly vetted and then approved by the directors of the three agencies and me.” (Clapper) This of course suggests that the document was political in nature and crafted to deliver a particular message. 5–Were Clapper’s methods “normal” by Intelligence agency standards? Definitely not. “This process drastically differed from the Intelligence Community’s normal procedures.” 6–Are Clapper and Brennan partisans who have expressed their opposition to Trump many times in the past calling into question their ability to be objective in executing their duties as heads of their respective agencies? Absolutely. Check out this clip from Monday’s Arkansas online: “I think, in many ways, our institutions are under assault, both externally — and that’s the big news here, is the Russian interference in our election system,” said James Clapper, the former director of national intelligence. “I think as well our institutions are under assault internally.” When he was asked, “Internally, from the president?” Clapper said, “Exactly.” (Clapper calls Trump democracy assailant”, arkansasonline) Brennan has made numerous similar statements. (Note: It is particularly jarring that Clapper– who oversaw the implementation of the modern surveillance police state– feels free to talk about “the assault on our institutions.”) 7–Does the ICA prove that anyone on the Trump campaign colluded with Russia or that Russia meddled in the 2016 elections? No, it doesn’t.  What it shows is that –even while Clapper and Brennan may have been trying to produce an assessment that would ‘kill two birds with one stone’, (incriminate Russia and smear Trump at the same time) the ICA achieved neither. So far, there’s no proof of anything.   Now take a look at this list I found in an article at The American Thinker: “12 prominent public statements by those on both sides of the aisle who reviewed the evidence or been briefed on it confirmed there was no evidence of Russia trying to help Trump in the election or colluding with him: The New York Times (Nov 1, 2016); House Speaker Paul Ryan (Feb, 26, 2017); Former DNI James Clapper , March 5, 2017); Devin Nunes Chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, March 20, 2017); James Comey, March 20, 2017; Rep. Chris Stewart, House Intelligence Committee, March 20, 2017; Rep. Adam Schiff, House Intelligence committee, April 2, 2017); Senator Dianne Feinstein, Senate Intelligence Committee, May 3, 2017); Sen. Joe Manchin  Senate Intelligence Committee, May 8, 2017; James Clapper (again) (May 8, 2017); Rep. Maxine Waters, May 9, 2017); President Donald Trump,(May 9, 2017). Senator Grassley, Chairman of the Senate Judiciary committee, indicated that his briefing confirmed Dianne Feinstein’s view that the President was not under investigation for colluding with the Russians.” (“Russian Hacking and Collusion: Put the Cards on the Table”, American Thinker) Keep in mind, this is a list of the people who actually “reviewed the evidence”, and even they are not convinced. It just goes to show that the media blitz is not based on any compelling proof, but on the determination of  behind-the-scenes elites who want to destroy their political rivals. Isn’t that what’s really going on? How does former FBI Director James Comey fit into all this? First of all, we need to set the record straight on Comey so readers don’t get the impression that he’s the devoted civil servant and all-around stand-up guy he’s made out to be in the media. Here’s a short clip from an article by Human Rights First that will help to put things into perspective: “Five former FBI agents…raised concerns about his (Comey’s) support for a legal memorandum justifying torture and his defense of holding an American citizen indefinitely without charge. They note that Comey concurred with a May 10, 2005, Office of Legal Counsel opinion that authorized torture. While the agents credited Comey for opposing torture tactics in combination and on policy grounds, they note that Comey still approved the legal basis for use of specific torture tactics. “These techniques include cramped confinement, wall-standing, water dousing, extended sleep deprivation, and waterboarding, all of which constitute torture or cruel, inhuman, or degrading treatment in contravention of domestic and international law,” the letter states. Those signing the letter to the committee also objected to Comey’s defense of detaining Americans without charge or trial and observed, “Further, Mr. Comey vigorously defended the Bush administration’s decision to hold Jose Padilla, a United States citizen apprehended on U.S. soil, indefinitely without charge or trial for years in a military brig in Charleston, South Carolina.” (“FBI Agents Urge Senate Judiciary Committee to Question Comey on Torture, Indefinite Detention”, Human Rights First) Get the picture? Comey is a vicious political opportunist who doesn’t mind breaking a few legs if it’ll advance his career plans. I wouldn’t trust the man as far as I could throw him. Which isn’t far. American Thinker’s Clarice  Feldman explains why Comey launched his counter-intel investigation in July 2016 but failed to notify Congress until March 2017, a full eight months later. Here’s what she said: “There is only one reasonable explanation for FBI Director James Comey to be launching a counter-intel investigation in July 2016, notifying the White House and Clapper, and keeping it under wraps from congress. Comey was a participant in the intelligence gathering for political purposes — wittingly, or unwittingly.” (“Russian Hacking and Collusion: Put the Cards on the Table”, American Thinker) Are we suggesting that the heads of the so called Intelligence Community are at war with the Trump Administration and paving the way for impeachment  proceedings? Yep, we sure are. The Russia hacking fiasco is a regime change operation no different than the CIA’s 50-or-so other oustings in the last 70 years. The only difference is that this operation is on the home field which is why everyone is so flustered. These things are only suppose to happen in those “other” countries. Does this analysis make me a Donald Trump supporter? Never.  The idea is ridiculous. Trump might be the worst US president of all time, in fact, he probably is. But that doesn’t mean there aren’t other nefarious forces at work behind the smokescreen of democratic government. There are. In fact, this whole flap suggests that there’s an alternate power-structure that operates completely off the public’s radar and has the elected-government in its death-grip. This largely invisible group of elites controls the likes of  Brennan, Clapper and Comey. And, apparently,  they have enough influence to challenge and maybe even remove an elected president from office. (We’ll see.) And what’s more surprising, is that the Democrats have aligned themselves with these deep state puppetmasters.  They’ve cast their lot with the sinister stewards of the national security state and hopped on the impeachment bandwagon. But is that a wise choice for the Dems? Author Michael J. Glennon doesn’t think so. Here’s what he says in the May edition of Harper’s Magazine: “Those who would counter the illiberalism of Trump with the illiberalism of unfettered bureaucrats would do well to contemplate the precedent their victory would set. … American history is not silent about the proclivities of unchecked security forces, a short list of which includes the Palmer Raids, the FBI’s blackmailing of civil rights leaders, Army surveillance of the antiwar movement, the NSA’s watch lists, and the CIA’s waterboarding. …. Who would trust the authors of past episodes of repression as a reliable safeguard against future repression?” (“Security Breach– Trump’s tussle with the bureaucratic state”, Michael J. Glennon, Harper’s Magazine) “Who?” The Democrats, that’s who. ← Russia Opens Passenger And Cargo Shipping Service With North Korea – OpEd New York Times Shows Bias In Abuse Reporting – OpEd → Mike Whitney Mike Whitney writes on politics and finances and lives in Washington state. He can be reached at [email protected] You May Also Like Moscow Planning To Abolish Non-Russian Republics, Pavlova Says March 30, 2011 Paul Goble 0 Domestic Violence In Saudi Arabia: Devil Lies in The Details – OpEd July 19, 2011 Arab News 0 Ending Syria’s Nightmare Will Take Pressure From Below – OpEd March 29, 2017 Mike Whitney 0 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Latest Articles 1 Opinion  Why The Left Refuses To Talk About Venezuela – OpEd May 21, 2017 MISES 0 By Ryan McMaken* During the 2016 presidential election, Bernie Sanders refused to answer questions about Venezuela during an interview with Univision. 1 Analysis  Can Moon Jae-In Cool The Korean Peninsula – Analysis May 21, 2017 SAAG 0 1 Analysis  Maldives: After Poll-Loss, Yameen Taunts ‘Divided Opposition’ Leaders To Return Home – Analysis May 21, 2017 Observer Research Foundation 0 1 World News  Trump Strikes Arms Deal With Saudi Arabia Worth $350bn May 21, 2017 RT 0 1 Opinion  Iran: Rouhani Re-Elected President – OpEd May 21, 2017 Dr. Abdul Ruff 0 1 Analysis Social Issues  Banning Hizbut Tahrir Indonesia: Freedom Or Security? – Analysis May 21, 2017 RSIS 0 1 World News  Top Defense Leaders Cite Coalition Progress To Annihilate Islamic State May 21, 2017 DoD News 0 Recent Comments Case123 on China’s Builds Up One Belt One Road Initiative, As US Sleeps At Wheel – Analysis Rubel on SAARC: Towards Exploring Idea Of ‘South Asian-Ness’ And Regional Consciousness – Analysis Syed Tanwir Hasan on Trump’s Visit To Saudi Arabia: An Opportunity That Must Not Be Wasted – OpEd Duncan Graham on Jakarta’s Election And Alternatives To US Policy Towards Muslims – OpEd Vijayendra Kumar on Furthering India-Japan Defense Cooperation: Arun Jaitley Indicates New Approach – Analysis Copyright © 2017 Eurasia Review. All rights reserved. (ISSN 2330-717X) This popup will close in: Please Support Eurasia Review   Eurasia Review does not receive financial support from any institution, corporation or organization. We are truly independent. Your contributions allow Eurasia Review to continue operating. Please consider donating today.   Signup for Eurasia Review's FREE newsletter CLOSE
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Deep Learning Market 2017 – IBM, Intel, ARM Ltd, Clarifai, Entilic, Google, NVIDIA, Microsoft, HyperVerge Chicago, IL — (SBWIRE) — 05/19/2017 — Market Research Report on Deep Learning Market 2016 is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the Deep Learning worldwide. First of all, ” Global Deep Learning Market 2016 ” report provides a basic overview of the Deep Learning industry including definitions, classifications, applications and Deep Learning industry chain structure. Major Companies Covered in this report:- Advanced Micro Devices ARM Ltd Clarifai Entilic Google HyperVerge IBM Intel Microsoft NVIDIA Get Sample Copy Of Report @ http://marketreports.biz/report/global-deep-learning-market-size-status-and-forecast-market#requestforsample The analysis is provided for the Deep Learning international market including development history, Deep Learning industry competitive landscape analysis. After that, Deep Learning industry development policies as well as plans are discussed and manufacturing processes as well as cost structures for Deep Learning market. This report „Worldwide Deep Learning Market 2016” also states import/export, supply and consumption figures and Deep Learning market cost, price, revenue and Deep Learning market’s gross margin by regions (United States, EU, China and Japan), as well as other regions can be added in Deep Learning Market area. Then, the report focuses on worldwide Deep Learning market key players with information such as company profiles with product picture as well as specification. Enquiry Here @ http://marketreports.biz/report/global-deep-learning-market-size-status-and-forecast-market#inquiryforbuying Related information to Deep Learning market- capacity, production, price, cost, revenue and contact information. Aslo includes Deep Learning industry’s – Upstream raw materials, equipment and downstream consumers analysis is also carried out. What’s more, the Deep Learning market development trends and Deep Learning industry marketing channels are analyzed. Finally, „worldwide Deep Learning market” Analysis- feasibility of new investment projects is assessed, and overall research conclusions are offered. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Customer Relationship Management Market 2017 – SAP SE, Zoho, Oracle, Microsoft, Netsuite, Insightly, Bpmonline Next PostNext Riassunto: EB Holdings II, Inc. commenta sulla causa intentata da GoldenTree Group Search Recent Posts Unique, One of a Kind Kitchen Display System Launches at the National Restaurant Association’s NRA Show in Chicago On World Day, UN agencies urge countering threats to cultural diversity Thriveni Apparels and Textiles Private Limited (TATPL) enters into a MoU with the Government of Jharkhand WebReinvent Technologies Pvt. Ltd. launches Tempemails.io – Temporary disposable email website packed with special functionalities Ace Corp India Hosts Career Fest’17 at Chennai, India Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Jump to Navigation MSNBC facebook twitter google plus rss tumblr instagram Explore All {{issue.issue.title}} Latest {{topic.topic.short_title}} {{teaser.description}} Watch Featured Shows Weekday Weekend Watch Videos LIVE: Watch MSNBC TV Schedule Search Videos Digital Documentaries Get Updates Help Live TV share tweet email save Embed The Last Word with Lawrence O'Donnell 05/19/17 Watergate lawyer: Obstruction of justice evidence 'overwhelming' James Comey will testify before the Senate Intel Committee after Memorial Day. And a W.H. official is a "significant person of interest" in the Russia probe. Nicholas Kristof, Michael Isikoff, and Jill Wine-Banks join Lawrence O'Donnell. ... more Duration: {{video.duration.momentjs}} Up next in: Valdimir Putin Watergate lawyer: Obstruction of justice... info Watergate lawyer: Obstruction of justice... James Comey will testify before the Senate Intel Committee after Memorial Day. And a W.H. official is a "significant person of interest" in the Russia probe. Nicholas Kristof, Michael Isikoff, and Jill Wine-Banks join Lawrence O'Donnell. The Last Word with Lawrence O'Donnell 05/19/17 Duration: 16:09 save Do little gadgets enable faceless contact? info Do little gadgets enable faceless contact? The Afternoon Mo Joe panelists talk about how small gadgets will change the way people communicate with each other. Afternoon MoJoe 09/18/13 Duration: 5:45 save Channels MSNBCTV Retrieving data... LIVE watch now Information full TV schedule videos Valdimir Putin comments Top Stories from NBC News and MSNBC Trump gets royal treatment in Saudi Arabia 18 hours 19 min ago U.S.-Saudi Arabia sign immediate $110B arms deal Sen. Durbin: 'There will be a day of reckoning' for Trump 13 hours 15 min ago Rep. Lieu: Trump's federal crime 'staring us in the face' 13 hours 42 min ago Nance: Trump, U.S. seen as clown show 16 hours 56 min ago How might Trump try to end Russia investigation? 1 day 5 hours ago Maddow: Giant contradiction in Comey firing story Rep. Yarmuth: Slow down on impeachment Watergate lawyer: Obstruction of justice evidence 'overwhelming' Comey agrees to testify in open Senate hearing Best of MSNBC Holtzman: Trump aides, time to lawyer up info Holtzman: Trump aides, time to lawyer up Elizabeth Holtzman, a former congresswoman who co-authored the original post-Watergate special prosecutor law, draws relevant comparisons between President Nixon's behavior and Donald Trump's. MSNBC Live 05/20/17 Duration: 3:01 save Sen. Durbin: "There will be a day of... info Sen. Durbin: "There will be a day of... Senator Dick Durbin, D-IL, says that upon his return, President Trump will have to confront the swirling accusations that have arisen since he boarded Air Force One on Friday. MSNBC Live 05/20/17 Duration: 4:50 save Lieu: Trump's federal crime "staring us in... info Lieu: Trump's federal crime "staring us in... Congressman Ted Lieu, D-CA, is not worried about Trump's impeachment zealots. A former federal prosecutor, Lieu says it's "clear as day" the president tried to obstruct justice. MSNBC Live 05/20/17 Duration: 2:53 save In Saudi Arabia, a royal welcome for... info In Saudi Arabia, a royal welcome for... Former ambassador to Saudi Arabia Robert Jordan remarks that President Trump's first voyage abroad offers him the opportunity to reset the historically troubled relations between America and the KSA. MSNBC Live 05/20/17 Duration: 4:43 save Fmr DOJ Prosecutor: FBI suspects a... info Fmr DOJ Prosecutor: FBI suspects a... What kinds of legal troubles could the Trump White House have to face in the wake of the growing FBI Russia investigation? Two former DOJ lawyers, Paul Butler & Carrie Cordero, join to discuss. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 05/19/17 Duration: 6:16 save Eli Stokols: Trump is facing something... info Eli Stokols: Trump is facing something... Given the volume and substance of the leaks coming from the Trump White House, Wall Street Journal reporter Eli Stokols explains the checks these leaks have on Trump's presidential power. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 05/19/17 Duration: 2:41 save Leaks in the Trump White House 'go to the... info Leaks in the Trump White House 'go to the... MSNBC's Brian Williams discusses incredibly sensitive nature of the leaks we're now reading in reports about the inner workings of the Trump White House with our political panel. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 05/19/17 Duration: 8:00 save NYT: Trump told Russians stress off after... info NYT: Trump told Russians stress off after... The White House isn't denying a New York Times report that Trump told the Russians the pressue was off from the Russia probe after firing 'crazy, nut job' James Comey. Our panel reacts. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 05/19/17 Duration: 9:19 save In intervention, Trump told tweets could... info In intervention, Trump told tweets could... The Wall Street Journal reports WH staff had an The Last Word with Lawrence O'Donnell 05/19/17 Duration: 11:35 save Watergate lawyer: Obstruction of justice... info Watergate lawyer: Obstruction of justice... James Comey will testify before the Senate Intel Committee after Memorial Day. And a W.H. official is a "significant person of interest" in the Russia probe. Nicholas Kristof, Michael Isikoff, and Jill Wine-Banks join Lawrence O'Donnell. The Last Word with Lawrence O'Donnell 05/19/17 Duration: 16:09 save Comey firing story contains contradiction info Comey firing story contains contradiction Rachel Maddow shows how a request for more resources preceding James Comey's firing was widely reported in the media but is adamantly denied by the Department of Justice - an irreconcilable contradiction. The Rachel Maddow Show 05/19/17 Duration: 5:14 save Flynn inquiry calls for espionage expertise info Flynn inquiry calls for espionage expertise Barbara McQuade, former U.S. attorney, talks with Rachel Maddow about what is means to be an espionage prosecutor and why one might be assigned to the the case of disgraced Donald Trump NSA Mike Flynn. The Rachel Maddow Show 05/19/17 Duration: 4:00 save Espionage prosecutor leads Mike Flynn case info Espionage prosecutor leads Mike Flynn case Rachel Maddow looks at some of the background of Brandon Van Grak, the veteran Justice Department prosecutor who specializes in espionage and now reportedly leads the grand jury inquiry into disgraced Trump NSA Michael Flynn. The Rachel Maddow Show 05/19/17 Duration: 2:38 save Is the special counsel vulnerable to Trump? info Is the special counsel vulnerable to Trump? Neal Katyal, former US acting solicitor general who helped draft the special counsel regulations, talks with Rachel Maddow about the ways in which Donald Trump might seek to undermine or eliminate the Trump-Russia special investigation. The Rachel Maddow Show 05/19/17 Duration: 6:13 save How might Trump try to end the investigation? info How might Trump try to end the investigation? Rachel Maddow looks at some ways by which Donald Trump could try to get in the way of the Trump-Russia special investigation or eliminate it entirely. The Rachel Maddow Show 05/19/17 Duration: 7:01 save Trump-Russia probe turns to White House aide info Trump-Russia probe turns to White House aide Devlin Barrett, national security reporter for The Washington Post, talks with Rachel Maddow on another busy news day about new reporting that the Trump-Russia investigation has moved to a White House adviser close to Donald Trump. The Rachel Maddow Show 05/19/17 Duration: 19:13 save Comey Agrees to Testify in Open Senate... info Comey Agrees to Testify in Open Senate... Former FBI Director James Comey will testify before the Senate Intelligence Committee after Memorial Day. For the Record with Greta 05/19/17 Duration: 4:03 save DNC Chair Perez Against Lieberman for FBI... info DNC Chair Perez Against Lieberman for FBI... "We don't need politicians," said DNC Chair Tom Perez when asked about whether he supported Joe Lieberman becoming the new FBI Director. MSNBC Live 05/19/17 Duration: 4:40 save Rep. Maxine Waters: Rosenstein Briefing a... info Rep. Maxine Waters: Rosenstein Briefing a... Rep. Maxine Waters gives Katy Tur an inside look at Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein's meeting with the House and Senate. MSNBC Live 05/19/17 Duration: 8:08 save Trump reportedly wants Mike Flynn back in... info Trump reportedly wants Mike Flynn back in... Spicer is out? Trump wants Flynn back? Mike Pence is being kept out of the loop? MSNBC's Brian Williams looks a the flurry of White House reports with Ali Velshi & Matthew Nussbaum. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 05/18/17 Duration: 4:59 save Politics Hillary practiced how to avoid Trump hug info Hillary practiced how to avoid Trump hug Video evidence emerged today of Hillary Clinton practicing how to avoid an unwanted hug from Donald Trump in front of the cameras at their first debate. All In with Chris Hayes 05/19/17 Duration: 1:35 save Why Trump keeps contact with investigation... info Why Trump keeps contact with investigation... Fmr. Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort and fired National Security Advisor Michael Flynn are reportedly targets of the Russia investigation – so why does Trump want to maintain contact with them both? Indira Lakshmanan and Ken Vogel join Lawrence O... The Last Word with Lawrence O'Donnell 05/18/17 Duration: 7:45 save New light on Trump camp Russian contacts info New light on Trump camp Russian contacts Jonathan Landay, D.C. national security correspondent for Reuters, talks with Rachel Maddow about his new reporting into at least 18 contacts between members of the Trump campaign and Russians. The Rachel Maddow Show 05/18/17 Duration: 6:28 save False denials from Pence continue to stack up info False denials from Pence continue to stack up Rachel Maddow looks at the many times Mike Pence has denied something about the Donald Trump team only to be proven wrong by further reporting, leaving Pence with a lot of explaining to do. The Rachel Maddow Show 05/18/17 Duration: 18:29 save Top GOPer speculates about Putin paying Trump info Top GOPer speculates about Putin paying Trump Rachel Maddow shares a late breaking Washington Post story about House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy telling colleagues he thinks Russian President Vladimir Putin is paying Donald Trump. The Rachel Maddow Show 05/17/17 Duration: 2:43 save GOP Rep. Lance: I can be a check on Trump info GOP Rep. Lance: I can be a check on Trump Republican Rep. Leonard Lance says we need to get to the truth about the Trump campaign and Russia - whatever it may be. All In with Chris Hayes 05/17/17 Duration: 4:59 save Sen. Wyden: 'This is a pretty grim situation' info Sen. Wyden: 'This is a pretty grim situation' The Democratic senator reacts to the appointment of a special counsel to investigate potential links between President Trump's campaign and Russia. All In with Chris Hayes 05/17/17 Duration: 4:24 save Subpoena issued regarding Trump associate info Subpoena issued regarding Trump associate Rachel Maddow reports exclusive breaking news that NBC News has learned that federal investigators have subpoenaed records related to a $3.5 million dollar loan taken out by former Donald Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort last year. The Rachel Maddow Show 05/16/17 Duration: 10:02 save FLASHBACK: Candidate Trump blasted Clinton... info FLASHBACK: Candidate Trump blasted Clinton... Repeatedly during the 2016 campaign, candidate Donald Trump took Hillary Clinton to task over how she handled classified information. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 05/15/17 Duration: 1:10 save Candidate Trump bashed Clinton's handing... info Candidate Trump bashed Clinton's handing... Over & over again, Trump went after Hillary Clinton during the 2016 for her handling of classified information. So how do we view that in light of reports he allegedly share info with Russians? The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 05/15/17 Duration: 5:45 save Playing the fake news card! (With friends) info Playing the fake news card! (With friends) There's a new card game that tests your ability to separate fact from fiction from sheer insanity. Can you identify if these election quotes are real news or fake news? Weekends with Alex Witt 05/14/17 Duration: 4:20 save Fmr. DNI Clapper clarifies White House... info Fmr. DNI Clapper clarifies White House... MSNBC's Brian Williams shares the news that James Clapper doesn't exactly agree with the White House version of his comments and the latest news about Paul Manafort and the Russia investigation. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 05/12/17 Duration: 5:50 save Swalwell: Sessions obviously not recused info Swalwell: Sessions obviously not recused Rep. Eric Swalwell, member of the House Intelligence Committee, talks with Rachel Maddow about the challenge of getting an honest investigation into Donald Trump's ties to Russia and interference in the 2016 election. The Rachel Maddow Show 05/11/17 Duration: 5:56 save DoJ mum on if Sessions is recused on Manafort info DoJ mum on if Sessions is recused on Manafort Rachel Maddow reports that contrary to popular belief, former Donald Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort has not registered as a foreign agent, and the DoJ won't say if A.G. Jeff Sessions is recused on Manafort matters. The Rachel Maddow Show 05/11/17 Duration: 22:14 save Carter Page: I regularly briefed CIA, FBI info Carter Page: I regularly briefed CIA, FBI Former Trump campaign foreign policy advisor Carter Page tells Chris Hayes that over the years, from time to time, he has been consulted by the CIA and FBI for his Russia expertise. All In with Chris Hayes 05/11/17 Duration: 1:09 save Carter Page responds to Comey firing info Carter Page responds to Comey firing Former Trump campaign foreign policy advisor Carter Page is celebrating the firing of FBI director James Comey. All In with Chris Hayes 05/11/17 Duration: 7:46 save New FBI director McCabe has serious conflict info New FBI director McCabe has serious conflict Rachel Maddow reviews how new Acting Director of the FBI, Andrew McCabe, improperly discussed the investigation into the Trump Camp's ties to Russia with Reince Priebus and became part of the Trump disinformation campaign. The Rachel Maddow Show 05/10/17 Duration: 20:06 save Rep. Jackie Speier: Comey firing is a... info Rep. Jackie Speier: Comey firing is a... Saying Pres. Trump has gone 'one step way too far,' House Intelligence Committee member Rep. Jackie Speier (D-CA) joins MSNBC's Brian Williams to discuss Trump firing FBI Director Comey. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 05/09/17 Duration: 3:26 save Fmr. DOJ Spox: WH trampling on FBI's... info Fmr. DOJ Spox: WH trampling on FBI's... Matthew Miller, a fmr. Justice Department spokesman, joins MSNBC's Brian Williams to speak about how Trump's firing of Comey puts the FBI's independence as an investigative entity at risk. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 05/09/17 Duration: 2:59 save Jeremy Bash: Trump is attacking the rule... info Jeremy Bash: Trump is attacking the rule... Joining MSNBC's Brian Williams to discuss the firing of FBI Director James Comey, former CIA Chief of Staff Jeremy Bash issues a warning about what the firing of Comey really means. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 05/09/17 Duration: 1:09 save The Trump Equation The Trump Equation: Shock and Awe in a... info The Trump Equation: Shock and Awe in a... Watch part 1 of The Trump Equation with Jacob Soboroff. MSNBC Live 01/24/17 Duration: 7:55 save The Trump Equation: Maybe It Was the Economy info The Trump Equation: Maybe It Was the Economy Watch part 2 of The Trump Equation with Jacob Soboroff. MSNBC Live 01/24/17 Duration: 8:22 save The Trump Equation: Minorities for Trump? info The Trump Equation: Minorities for Trump? Watch part 3 of The Trump Equation with Jacob Soboroff. MSNBC Live 01/24/17 Duration: 6:41 save The Trump Equation: In the Battleground... info The Trump Equation: In the Battleground... Watch part 4 of The Trump Equation with Jacob Soboroff. MSNBC Live 01/24/17 Duration: 10:28 save The Trump Equation: Millennials info The Trump Equation: Millennials Watch part 5 of The Trump Equation with Jacob Soboroff. MSNBC Live 01/24/17 Duration: 4:56 save The Trump Equation: Now What? info The Trump Equation: Now What? Watch part 6 of The Trump Equation with Jacob Soboroff. MSNBC Live 01/24/17 Duration: 6:11 save Morning Joe Joe: ‘The truth doesn’t matter to Donald... info Joe: ‘The truth doesn’t matter to Donald... Joe Scarborough says reality doesn’t seem to matter to the White House but that could soon change with the appointment of Robert Mueller as Special Counsel. Morning Joe 05/19/17 Duration: 5:17 save Joe reveals his call with President Trump info Joe reveals his call with President Trump Joe Scarborough shares a story about a phone call he received from President Trump just days after the inauguration and what he told the new Commander-in-Chief. Morning Joe 05/19/17 Duration: 4:24 save Report: President Trump tells Michael... info Report: President Trump tells Michael... Michael Isikoff of Yahoo News says the former National Security Advisor was in contact with President Trump long after he was fired from his White House position. Morning Joe 05/19/17 Duration: 4:51 save Culture clash: President Trump and James... info Culture clash: President Trump and James... New York Times reporter Michael Schmidt details his new front-page story on the former FBI Director’s discomfort with President Trump’s repeated inquiries about the investigation into Russia. Morning Joe 05/19/17 Duration: 7:12 save Is Russia investigation becoming a... info Is Russia investigation becoming a... The Morning Joe Panel discuss deputy A.G. Rod Rosenstein’s briefing to the U.S. Senate and signs the federal inquiry is deepening. Morning Joe 05/19/17 Duration: 4:21 save Former Fox News Chief Roger Ailes dead at 77 info Former Fox News Chief Roger Ailes dead at 77 The Morning Joe panel discusses the sudden passing of the longtime news executive. Morning Joe 05/18/17 Duration: 3:35 save Sen. John McCain on Trump, Russia, and DC... info Sen. John McCain on Trump, Russia, and DC... The Arizona republican endorses Joe Lieberman for FBI Director and says it would be a ‘nonstarter’ for the White House to ‘go to war’ with newly-named Special Counsel Robert Mueller. Morning Joe 05/18/17 Duration: 9:30 save Rep. Maxine Waters: ‘I believe it will... info Rep. Maxine Waters: ‘I believe it will... The California democrat says she believes there was collusion between the Trump team and Russia to develop strategies to ensure Hillary Clinton was not elected. Morning Joe 05/18/17 Duration: 9:06 save Sen. Susan Collins: Appearance of ‘total... info Sen. Susan Collins: Appearance of ‘total... The Maine republican, who sits on the Select Intelligence Committee, reacts to the new developments on the Russia investigation and whether there are parallels to Watergate. Morning Joe 05/18/17 Duration: 8:16 save Inside President Trump’s loyalty to... info Inside President Trump’s loyalty to... Joe: There were scores of people warning about the retired general, but President Trump and Jared Kushner wouldn’t listen. Morning Joe 05/18/17 Duration: 3:48 save Will Special Counsel get the resources he... info Will Special Counsel get the resources he... Member of the Foreign Relations committee, Senator Chris Murphy, says he’s concerned that Attorney General Jeff Sessions won’t give Robert Mueller the latitude to investigate. Morning Joe 05/18/17 Duration: 5:14 save Joe: There really is a new sheriff in town info Joe: There really is a new sheriff in town Ex-F.B.I. Director Robert Mueller appointed to take over the Department of Justice independent investigation into Russia. Morning Joe 05/18/17 Duration: 6:39 save Schiff on Comey memo: We need ‘hard evidence’ info Schiff on Comey memo: We need ‘hard evidence’ The top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, Rep. Adam Schiff, says he thinks it’s too soon to talk of impeachment after fired FBI Director James Comey’s memo about his meeting with Donald Trump was disclosed to the New York Times. Morning Joe 05/17/17 Duration: 6:55 save Law professor: This is thin soup for a... info Law professor: This is thin soup for a... George Washington University Law Professor Jonathan Turley explains why he believes there is not yet evidence proving Donald Trump committed obstruction of justice even though his behavior has been “wildly inappropriate”. Morning Joe 05/17/17 Duration: 6:23 save Watch the 5-month timeline of Donald Trump... info Watch the 5-month timeline of Donald Trump... Morning Joe breaks down 5 months of events in the Trump-Flynn-Russia investigation timeline, from Sally Yates' warning about Michael Flynn to the firing of FBI Director James Comey. Morning Joe 05/17/17 Duration: 4:50 save Did Trump try to influence the Flynn FBI... info Did Trump try to influence the Flynn FBI... Former Justice Department director Matthew Miller breaks down what’s needed to prove obstruction of justice. Morning Joe 05/17/17 Duration: 1:45 save Joe to Republicans: ‘Donald Trump is not... info Joe to Republicans: ‘Donald Trump is not... Joe Scarborough says Trump is sullying the reputations of career public servants and urges them to reconsider their unwavering support of the president. Morning Joe 05/17/17 Duration: 4:24 save Mika: This is a ‘defining moment’ in the... info Mika: This is a ‘defining moment’ in the... Joe and Mika discuss the bombshell allegation that Donald Trump asked James Comey to drop the Flynn investigation, according to a memo the former FBI director reportedly drafted. Morning Joe 05/17/17 Duration: 5:40 save Will GOP stand up to White House on Russia? info Will GOP stand up to White House on Russia? Joe and Mika ask Sen. Ben Sasse (R-NE) why more Republicans are not challenging President Trump on critical issues of national security. Morning Joe 05/16/17 Duration: 8:09 save Are U.S. allies under growing strain? info Are U.S. allies under growing strain? Canada’s foreign affairs minister Chrystia Freeland reacts to President Trump’s disclosure of highly classified information and his tough talk on trade. Morning Joe 05/16/17 Duration: 4:23 save Rachel Maddow Trump-Russia probe turns to White House aide info Trump-Russia probe turns to White House aide Devlin Barrett, national security reporter for The Washington Post, talks with Rachel Maddow on another busy news day about new reporting that the Trump-Russia investigation has moved to a White House adviser close to Donald Trump. The Rachel Maddow Show 05/19/17 Duration: 19:13 save How might Trump try to end the investigation? info How might Trump try to end the investigation? Rachel Maddow looks at some ways by which Donald Trump could try to get in the way of the Trump-Russia special investigation or eliminate it entirely. The Rachel Maddow Show 05/19/17 Duration: 7:01 save Is the special counsel vulnerable to Trump? info Is the special counsel vulnerable to Trump? Neal Katyal, former US acting solicitor general who helped draft the special counsel regulations, talks with Rachel Maddow about the ways in which Donald Trump might seek to undermine or eliminate the Trump-Russia special investigation. The Rachel Maddow Show 05/19/17 Duration: 6:13 save Espionage prosecutor leads Mike Flynn case info Espionage prosecutor leads Mike Flynn case Rachel Maddow looks at some of the background of Brandon Van Grak, the veteran Justice Department prosecutor who specializes in espionage and now reportedly leads the grand jury inquiry into disgraced Trump NSA Michael Flynn. The Rachel Maddow Show 05/19/17 Duration: 2:38 save Flynn inquiry calls for espionage expertise info Flynn inquiry calls for espionage expertise Barbara McQuade, former U.S. attorney, talks with Rachel Maddow about what is means to be an espionage prosecutor and why one might be assigned to the the case of disgraced Donald Trump NSA Mike Flynn. The Rachel Maddow Show 05/19/17 Duration: 4:00 save Comey firing story contains contradiction info Comey firing story contains contradiction Rachel Maddow shows how a request for more resources preceding James Comey's firing was widely reported in the media but is adamantly denied by the Department of Justice - an irreconcilable contradiction. The Rachel Maddow Show 05/19/17 Duration: 5:14 save Comey recounted pressure from Trump: NYT info Comey recounted pressure from Trump: NYT Michael Schmidt, reporter for The New York Times, talks with Rachel Maddow about his reporting on new details of the Trump administration putting inappropriate pressure on James Comey over investigations into the Trump campaign's ties to Russia. The Rachel Maddow Show 05/18/17 Duration: 10:19 save Reported Trump pressure on Comey improper info Reported Trump pressure on Comey improper Matt Miller, former Department of Justice spokesperson, talks with Rachel Maddow about the rules surrounding the kind of pressure Donald Trump is reported to have put on James Comey and the responsibility Comey had to report it. The Rachel Maddow Show 05/18/17 Duration: 4:48 save False denials from Pence continue to stack up info False denials from Pence continue to stack up Rachel Maddow looks at the many times Mike Pence has denied something about the Donald Trump team only to be proven wrong by further reporting, leaving Pence with a lot of explaining to do. The Rachel Maddow Show 05/18/17 Duration: 18:29 save New light on Trump camp Russian contacts info New light on Trump camp Russian contacts Jonathan Landay, D.C. national security correspondent for Reuters, talks with Rachel Maddow about his new reporting into at least 18 contacts between members of the Trump campaign and Russians. The Rachel Maddow Show 05/18/17 Duration: 6:28 save Trump firing of attorneys contrary to plan info Trump firing of attorneys contrary to plan Rachel Maddow reviews all of the reports and outward indications that the Donald Trump adminitration intended to keep existing attorneys general, at least temporarily, only to end up abruptly firing them all at once. The Rachel Maddow Show 05/18/17 Duration: 2:59 save Trump baffles attorneys with sudden firing info Trump baffles attorneys with sudden firing Paul Fishman, former U.S. attorney, talks with Rachel Maddow about the unexpectedly abrupt nature of the Donald Trump administration's firing of all of the U.S. attorneys. The Rachel Maddow Show 05/18/17 Duration: 4:20 save Special counsel named in Trump-Russia probe info Special counsel named in Trump-Russia probe Rachel Maddow reports on the history of the special counsel rule and the appointment today of former FBI Director Robert Mueller to be special counsel for the Trump-Russia investigation. The Rachel Maddow Show 05/17/17 Duration: 14:08 save New questions on Trump-Russia special counsel info New questions on Trump-Russia special counsel Sari Horwitz, Justice Department reporter for The Washington Post, talks with Rachel Maddow about new questions raised by the appointment of Robert Mueller as special counsel to the Trump-Russia investigation. The Rachel Maddow Show 05/18/17 Duration: 9:43 save Schiff confident in Special Counsel Mueller info Schiff confident in Special Counsel Mueller Congressman Adam Schiff, ranking member of the House Intelligence Committee, talks with Rachel Maddow about how he feels about Robert Mueller as special counsel in the Trump-Russia investigation and what will happen to the Trump investigations in... The Rachel Maddow Show 05/17/17 Duration: 6:09 save Mueller reputation helps Trump-Russia probe info Mueller reputation helps Trump-Russia probe Tim Weiner, author of "Enemies, A History of the FBI," talks with Rachel Maddow about Robert Mueller's reputation and legacy as Director of the FBI, and the integrity he brings to the Trump-Russia investigation as special counsel. The Rachel Maddow Show 05/17/17 Duration: 6:35 save Special counsel suits Trump-Russia probe well info Special counsel suits Trump-Russia probe well Neal Katyal, former U.S. Acting Solicitor General who helped draft the special counsel regulations, talks with Rachel Maddow about the parameters of Robert Mueller's role as special counsel to the Trump-Russia investigation. The Rachel Maddow Show 05/17/17 Duration: 5:35 save Trump team knew of Flynn investigation: NYT info Trump team knew of Flynn investigation: NYT Dan Rather, host of The Big Interview with Dan Rather on AXS TV, talks with Rachel Maddow about the investigations into Donald Trump and his associates and the breaking news that the Trump team knew that Mike Flynn was being investigated and appointed... The Rachel Maddow Show 05/17/17 Duration: 8:31 save Top GOPer speculates about Putin paying Trump info Top GOPer speculates about Putin paying Trump Rachel Maddow shares a late breaking Washington Post story about House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy telling colleagues he thinks Russian President Vladimir Putin is paying Donald Trump. The Rachel Maddow Show 05/17/17 Duration: 2:43 save Exclusive: Subpoena in Trump associate probe info Exclusive: Subpoena in Trump associate probe Rachel Maddow breaks exclusive news that a federal subpoena has been issued in the investigation of former Donald Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort. The Rachel Maddow Show 05/16/17 Duration: 2:06 save close facebook twitter google plus tumblr instagram rss Home Help Terms of Service Independent Programming Report Closed Captioning Episode Transcripts Privacy Policy Newsletters MSNBC Info Blog Careers AdChoices MSNBC Store NBCNews.com Today.com CNBC.com © NBC UNIVERSAL
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Microsoft's updated Surface Pro allegedly leaks ahead of event Spoiler alert: A leak provides an early glimpse of Microsoft's updated Surface Pro, but don't expect any major changes. By Jake Smith for iGeneration | May 20, 2017 -- 01:52 GMT (18:52 PDT) | Topic: Tablets VentureBeat/EvLeaks The updated version of the Surface Pro 4 has leaked ahead of Microsoft's press event on May 23 in Shanghai, China. VentureBeat's Evleaks posted press images of Microsoft's next tablet PC, and they reveal Microsoft isn't planning any massive changes to the Surface Pro lineup. The report accompanying the images didn't detail many specifics, other than what is likely Intel's seventh-generation chips used inside. A Microsoft spokesperson speaking to CNET said, "We have nothing to share at this time." Like the Surface Laptop, it looks like Microsoft is still shunning USB-C. An image showed a pen and keyboard that will be available optional accessories. The pen will be available in four colors. VentureBeat/EvLeaks Microsoft previously said it won't release a Surface Pro 5. According to VentureBeat, the updated version set to be unveiled on Tuesday could go simply by Surface Pro, with no number in sight. Microsoft didn't offer brand-new Surface Book or Surface Pro devices in calendar 2016. ZDNet will be covering Microsoft's press event on Tuesday, May 23 for the latest. As ZDNet's Mary Jo Foley previously reported, Microsoft has no plans to release an updated Surface Book during the event. Surface Pro 4 and Surface Book SEE FULL GALLERY 1 - 5 of 8 NEXT PREV Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Google Here are the best apps on Android, according to Google Mobility Amazon updates Kindle Fire 7 and Fire HD 8 tablets, including Alexa support Apple Report: Apple to discontinue iPad Mini Mobility Mozo accessories for Surface Pro, laptop, and Apple iPhone 7 Plus: hands-on × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos Sponsored Narratives About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
News Sports Business Food Alert 54° Full Menu Alert 54° Home Customer Service Customer Service Newsletters Obituaries News All News Local news Crime Politics The Buzz C. W. Gusewelle Nation & World 913 816 North Homicide KC Community Faces Mary Sanchez Eyewitness Weird News Video Photos Sports All Sports Chiefs Royals Royals photos Sporting KC FC Kansas City Kansas Missouri K-State High School Scores & Stats NASCAR Outdoors NBA Buy Tickets Blogs & Columns K Zone Judging the Royals Red Zone The Full 90 Campus Corner For Pete's Sake Sam Mellinger Vahe Gregorian Politics Politics Elections Opinion All Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Colleen Nelson Derek Donovan Dave Helling Melinda Henneberger Steve Kraske Mary Sanchez Steve Rose Guest commentary Syndicated columnists Submit a Letter Entertainment Entertainment Ink Events Arts & Culture Music Back to Rockville Comics Stargazing Puzzles & Games Movies Horoscopes Arts TV Restaurants Books Star TV listings Business All Business Cityscape Development Workplace Personal Finance National/International Technology Kids & Money Project: Downtown KC's revival Living All Living Chow Town Eat & Drink House & Home Jenee Osterheldt KC Gardens Advice columns Faith Travel Family Apps & Mobile True Blue app Red Zone Extra Star news apps Extra Time KC E-Star Shopping Cars Contests Jobs Moonlighting Homes All Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Spaces KC KC Weddings Contact us facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:06 Privatizing KCI’s new single terminal: A timeline Pause 2:01 Get up to speed on the unfolding Trump-Comey saga 4:33 The web connecting the Trump administration to Russia 0:53 Watch as an Oklahoma animal shelter worker opens a tub full of puppies 3:07 A new KCI Airport: Who pays for it? 2:53 Family, neighbors weigh in on murders along Indian Creek Trail system 4:08 Take a peek at a $9.5 million Mission Hills mansion 3:16 The mental side of Royals pitcher Jason Vargas was influenced by his father 2:18 Mike Darby, co-owner of Coach's Bar & Grill found dead on nearby trail 0:52 Indian Creek Trail: 'A serene place' Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email From Secretary of State Rex Tillerson to former campaign director Paul Manafort, President Donald Trump's allies have business and personal connections to Russia. As Congress and the FBI look into Russia's involvement with the 2016 election, those connections are increasingly under a microscope. Natalie Fertig and Patrick Gleason McClatchy From Secretary of State Rex Tillerson to former campaign director Paul Manafort, President Donald Trump's allies have business and personal connections to Russia. As Congress and the FBI look into Russia's involvement with the 2016 election, those connections are increasingly under a microscope. Natalie Fertig and Patrick Gleason McClatchy Government & Politics May 19, 2017 2:25 PM Russia probe reaches current White House official, people familiar with the case say By Devlin Barrett and Matt Zapotosky The Washington Post LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story WASHINGTON The law enforcement investigation into possible coordination between Russia and the Trump campaign has identified a current White House official as a significant person of interest, showing that the probe is reaching into the highest levels of government, according to people familiar with the matter. The senior White House adviser under scrutiny by investigators is someone close to the president, according to these people, who would not further identify the official. The revelation comes as the investigation also appears to be entering a more overtly active phase, with investigators shifting from work that has remained largely hidden from the public to conducting interviews and using a grand jury to issue subpoenas. The intensity of the probe is expected to accelerate in the coming weeks, the people said. The sources emphasized that investigators remain keenly interested in people who previously wielded influence in the Trump campaign and administration but are no longer part of it, including former national security adviser Michael Flynn and former campaign chairman Paul Manafort. Flynn resigned in February after disclosures that he had lied to administration officials about his contacts with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak. Current administration officials who have acknowledged contacts with Russian officials include Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner, as well as Cabinet members Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. People familiar with the investigation said the intensifying effort does not mean criminal charges are near, or that any such charges will result. Earlier this week, Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein appointed former FBI Director Robert Mueller to serve as special counsel and lead the investigation into Russian meddling. It is unclear exactly how Mueller's leadership will affect the direction of the probe, and he is already bringing in new people to work on the team. Those familiar with the case said its significance had increased before Mueller's appointment. While the case began quietly last July as an effort to determine whether any Trump associates coordinated with Russian operatives to meddle in the presidential election campaign, the investigative work now being done by the FBI also includes determining whether any financial crimes were committed by people close to the president. The people familiar with the matter said the probe has sharpened into something more fraught for the White House, the FBI and the Justice Department - particularly because of the public steps investigators know they now need to take, the people said. When subpoenas are issued or interviews are requested, it is possible the people being asked to talk or provide documents will reveal publicly what they were asked about. Read More Firing 'nut job' Comey eased the pressure, document says Trump told the Russians A small group of lawmakers known as the Gang of Eight were notified of the change in tempo and focus in the investigation at a classified briefing on Wednesday evening, the people familiar with the matter said. FBI Director James Comey had publicly confirmed the existence of the investigation in March. Justice Department spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores said, "I can't confirm or deny the existence or non-existence of investigations or targets of investigations." An FBI spokesman declined to comment. White House spokesman Sean Spicer said, "as the president has stated before, a thorough investigation will confirm that there was no collusion between the campaign and any foreign entity.'' facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:06 Privatizing KCI’s new single terminal: A timeline Pause 2:01 Get up to speed on the unfolding Trump-Comey saga 4:33 The web connecting the Trump administration to Russia 0:53 Watch as an Oklahoma animal shelter worker opens a tub full of puppies 3:07 A new KCI Airport: Who pays for it? 2:53 Family, neighbors weigh in on murders along Indian Creek Trail system 4:08 Take a peek at a $9.5 million Mission Hills mansion 3:16 The mental side of Royals pitcher Jason Vargas was influenced by his father 2:18 Mike Darby, co-owner of Coach's Bar & Grill found dead on nearby trail 0:52 Indian Creek Trail: 'A serene place' Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email Get up to speed on the unfolding Trump-Comey saga Then-FBI Director James Comey announced on March 20 that the FBI was investigating possible collusion between the Trump campaign and Russian agents. On May 9, President Trump fired the FBI director, igniting an outcry that grew from just Democrats to include some Republican lawmakers as well. Natalie Fertig McClatchy While there has been a loud public debate in recent days over the question of whether the president might have attempted to obstruct justice in his private dealings with FBI Director James Comey, who Trump fired last week, people familiar with the matter said investigators on the case are more focused on Russian influence operations and possible financial crimes. The FBI's investigation seeks to determine whether and to what extent Trump associates were in contact with Kremlin operatives, what business dealings they might have had in Russia, and whether they in any way facilitated the hacking and publishing of Democratic National Committee and Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta's emails during the presidential campaign. Several congressional committees are also investigating, though their probes could not produce criminal charges. A grand jury in Alexandria, Virginia, recently issued a subpoena for records related to Flynn's business, The Flynn Intel Group, which had been paid more than $500,000 by a company owned by a Turkish American businessman close to top Turkish officials, according to people familiar with the matter. The Flynn Intel Group was paid for research on Fethullah Gulen, a cleric who Turkey's current president believes was responsible for a coup attempt last summer. Flynn retroactively registered with the Justice Department in March as a paid foreign agent for Turkish interests. Separately from the probe now run by Mueller, Flynn is being investigated by the Pentagon's top watchdog for his foreign payments. Flynn also received $45,000 to appear in 2015 with Russian President Vladimir Putin at a dinner for RT, a Kremlin-controlled media organization. Flynn discussed U.S. sanctions against Russia with Russia's ambassador to the United States during the month before President Donald Trump took office, and he withheld that fact from even Vice President Mike Pence. That prompted then Acting Attorney General Sally Yates to warn the White House's top lawyer he might be susceptible to blackmail. Flynn stepped down after The Washington Post reported on the contents of the call. The president has nonetheless seemed to defend his former adviser. A memo by fired FBI Director Comey alleged Trump even asked that the probe into Flynn be shut down. The White House also has acknowledged that Kushner met with Kislyak, the Russian ambassador to the U.S., in late November. Kushner also has acknowledged that he met with the head of a Russian development bank, Vnesheconombank, which has been under U.S. sanctions since July 2014. The president's son in law initially omitted contacts with foreign leaders from a national security questionnaire, though his lawyer has said publicly he submitted the form prematurely and informed the FBI soon after he would provide an update. Vnesheconombank handles development for the state, and in early 2015, a man purporting to be one of its New York-based employees was arrested and accused of being an unregistered spy. That man - Evgeny Buryakov - ultimately pleaded guilty and was eventually deported. He had been in contact with former Trump adviser Carter Page, though Page has said he shared only "basic immaterial information and publicly available research documents" with the Russian. Page was the subject of a secret warrant last year issued by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, based on suspicions he might have been acting as an agent of the Russian government, according to people familiar with the matter. Page has denied any wrongdoing, and accused the government of violating his civil rights. The Washington Post's Ellen Nakashima and Ashley Parker contributed to this report. President Donald Trump and first lady Melania Trump walk across the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, Friday, May 19, 2017, before boarding Marine One for a short trip to Andrews Air Force Base, Md. Trump is leaving for his first foreign trip, visiting Saudi Arabia, Israel, Vatican, and a pair of summits in Brussels and Sicily. Andrew Harnik AP LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:06 Privatizing KCI’s new single terminal: A timeline Pause 2:01 Get up to speed on the unfolding Trump-Comey saga 4:33 The web connecting the Trump administration to Russia 0:53 Watch as an Oklahoma animal shelter worker opens a tub full of puppies 3:07 A new KCI Airport: Who pays for it? 2:53 Family, neighbors weigh in on murders along Indian Creek Trail system 4:08 Take a peek at a $9.5 million Mission Hills mansion 3:16 The mental side of Royals pitcher Jason Vargas was influenced by his father 2:18 Mike Darby, co-owner of Coach's Bar & Grill found dead on nearby trail 0:52 Indian Creek Trail: 'A serene place' Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 11 hours ago Privatizing KCI’s new single terminal: A timeline 1:06 11 hours ago Privatizing KCI’s new single terminal: A timeline 1:27 12 hours ago David Zimmerman sworn in as interim police chief 1:37 a day ago What you need to know about Trump and Russia View More Video Government & Politics Police: Gunmen shoot and kill 4 policemen in north Pakistan. California Democrats take aim at Trump, GOP Congress Pacific ministers commit to move ahead with pact without US The Latest: Eric Bauman to be California Democratic chair Trump, in address to Muslims, urges fight against terror Government & Politics Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Home Delivery E-Star Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Newspapers in Education Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Mobile apps and E-Star Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Advertising information Print Digital Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Local News Sports Living Classifieds 65° Full Menu 65° Customer Service Customer Service Support Contact Us About Us FAQ Stay connected Facebook Google+ Instagram Twitter Social Media Directory N&O Store Buy Photos Databases Archives My Subscription N&O Plus Manage Account Rewards E-edition Newsletter Signup News in Education News All News Blogs Columnists Crime Education Health Local Nation/World Science Thumbs Up Traffic Weather Weird News Counties Durham County Johnston County Orange County Wake County Communities Cary News Chapel Hill News Clayton News Star Durham News Eastern Wake News Garner Cleveland Midtown Raleigh North Raleigh News Smithfield Herald Southwest Wake Online ArtsNow Mom2Mom Triangle.com Sports All Sports Baseball Canes College Columns & Blogs High Schools NASCAR & Auto Racing NBA NFL NHL Olympics Outdoors Panthers Soccer Schools Duke East Carolina NC State North Carolina Politics All Politics State Politics Blogs Columnists PolitiFact PolitiFact NC Rob Christensen Under the Dome Business All Business Blogs Columnists Health Care Personal Finance Real Estate Shop Talk Stocks Center Technology Living All Living Video Now Best-Kept Secrets Blogs Celebrations Comics Family Fashion Fitness Food Games and Puzzles Home and Garden Horoscopes Mouthful Past Times Pets Religion Travel Entertainment Video Now Arts News ArtsNow Books Contests Dining Entertainment Events Games Movies Music Nightlife Television On the Beat Happiness is a Warm TV Opinion All Opinion Columnists Dwane Powell Editorials Letters Opinion Shop Blog Other Views Submit a Letter Obituaries Advertise Advertise with us Place Ad Apartments Cars Homes Jobs Legals Obits/In Memoriams Weddings Shopping Local Deals Today's Daily Deal Grocery Coupons Special Sections Today's Circulars Rewards Photo Store Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Legals facebook twitter email Share More Videos 2:19 Hold the pickle, hold the lettuce in hamburger eating contest Pause 1:53 'They love being challenged' says teacher pushing for opportunities for gifted students 1:23 A unique, amazing, overzealous, independent, headstrong, hippie with a heart of gold 1:11 The moment Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg got his acceptance letter to Harvard 1:45 Mascara brushes are magic wands for rescued wildlife in N.C. 0:46 Thousands of dead people are not voting in North Carolina, despite rumors 1:06 Neuse River close to 25-foot flood stage in Smithfield 8:01 Seth Meyers takes some shots at NC political power grab 0:24 Samantha Bee airs alt-White House Correspondents’ Dinner, with shout-out to The N&O 1:00 Artist Patrick Dougherty in "Craft in America" Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email From Secretary of State Rex Tillerson to former campaign director Paul Manafort, President Donald Trump's allies have business and personal connections to Russia. As Congress and the FBI look into Russia's involvement with the 2016 election, those connections are increasingly under a microscope. Natalie Fertig and Patrick Gleason McClatchy From Secretary of State Rex Tillerson to former campaign director Paul Manafort, President Donald Trump's allies have business and personal connections to Russia. As Congress and the FBI look into Russia's involvement with the 2016 election, those connections are increasingly under a microscope. Natalie Fertig and Patrick Gleason McClatchy Politics & Government May 19, 2017 3:25 PM Russia probe reaches current White House official, people familiar with the case say By Devlin Barrett and Matt Zapotosky The Washington Post LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story WASHINGTON The law enforcement investigation into possible coordination between Russia and the Trump campaign has identified a current White House official as a significant person of interest, showing that the probe is reaching into the highest levels of government, according to people familiar with the matter. The senior White House adviser under scrutiny by investigators is someone close to the president, according to these people, who would not further identify the official. The revelation comes as the investigation also appears to be entering a more overtly active phase, with investigators shifting from work that has remained largely hidden from the public to conducting interviews and using a grand jury to issue subpoenas. The intensity of the probe is expected to accelerate in the coming weeks, the people said. The sources emphasized that investigators remain keenly interested in people who previously wielded influence in the Trump campaign and administration but are no longer part of it, including former national security adviser Michael Flynn and former campaign chairman Paul Manafort. Flynn resigned in February after disclosures that he had lied to administration officials about his contacts with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak. Current administration officials who have acknowledged contacts with Russian officials include Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner, as well as Cabinet members Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. People familiar with the investigation said the intensifying effort does not mean criminal charges are near, or that any such charges will result. Earlier this week, Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein appointed former FBI Director Robert Mueller to serve as special counsel and lead the investigation into Russian meddling. It is unclear exactly how Mueller's leadership will affect the direction of the probe, and he is already bringing in new people to work on the team. Those familiar with the case said its significance had increased before Mueller's appointment. While the case began quietly last July as an effort to determine whether any Trump associates coordinated with Russian operatives to meddle in the presidential election campaign, the investigative work now being done by the FBI also includes determining whether any financial crimes were committed by people close to the president. The people familiar with the matter said the probe has sharpened into something more fraught for the White House, the FBI and the Justice Department - particularly because of the public steps investigators know they now need to take, the people said. When subpoenas are issued or interviews are requested, it is possible the people being asked to talk or provide documents will reveal publicly what they were asked about. Read More Firing 'nut job' Comey eased the pressure, document says Trump told the Russians A small group of lawmakers known as the Gang of Eight were notified of the change in tempo and focus in the investigation at a classified briefing on Wednesday evening, the people familiar with the matter said. FBI Director James Comey had publicly confirmed the existence of the investigation in March. Justice Department spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores said, "I can't confirm or deny the existence or non-existence of investigations or targets of investigations." An FBI spokesman declined to comment. White House spokesman Sean Spicer said, "as the president has stated before, a thorough investigation will confirm that there was no collusion between the campaign and any foreign entity.'' facebook twitter email Share More Videos 2:19 Hold the pickle, hold the lettuce in hamburger eating contest Pause 1:53 'They love being challenged' says teacher pushing for opportunities for gifted students 1:23 A unique, amazing, overzealous, independent, headstrong, hippie with a heart of gold 1:11 The moment Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg got his acceptance letter to Harvard 1:45 Mascara brushes are magic wands for rescued wildlife in N.C. 0:46 Thousands of dead people are not voting in North Carolina, despite rumors 1:06 Neuse River close to 25-foot flood stage in Smithfield 8:01 Seth Meyers takes some shots at NC political power grab 0:24 Samantha Bee airs alt-White House Correspondents’ Dinner, with shout-out to The N&O 1:00 Artist Patrick Dougherty in "Craft in America" Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email Get up to speed on the unfolding Trump-Comey saga Then-FBI Director James Comey announced on March 20 that the FBI was investigating possible collusion between the Trump campaign and Russian agents. On May 9, President Trump fired the FBI director, igniting an outcry that grew from just Democrats to include some Republican lawmakers as well. Natalie Fertig McClatchy While there has been a loud public debate in recent days over the question of whether the president might have attempted to obstruct justice in his private dealings with FBI Director James Comey, who Trump fired last week, people familiar with the matter said investigators on the case are more focused on Russian influence operations and possible financial crimes. The FBI's investigation seeks to determine whether and to what extent Trump associates were in contact with Kremlin operatives, what business dealings they might have had in Russia, and whether they in any way facilitated the hacking and publishing of Democratic National Committee and Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta's emails during the presidential campaign. Several congressional committees are also investigating, though their probes could not produce criminal charges. A grand jury in Alexandria, Virginia, recently issued a subpoena for records related to Flynn's business, The Flynn Intel Group, which had been paid more than $500,000 by a company owned by a Turkish American businessman close to top Turkish officials, according to people familiar with the matter. The Flynn Intel Group was paid for research on Fethullah Gulen, a cleric who Turkey's current president believes was responsible for a coup attempt last summer. Flynn retroactively registered with the Justice Department in March as a paid foreign agent for Turkish interests. Separately from the probe now run by Mueller, Flynn is being investigated by the Pentagon's top watchdog for his foreign payments. Flynn also received $45,000 to appear in 2015 with Russian President Vladimir Putin at a dinner for RT, a Kremlin-controlled media organization. Flynn discussed U.S. sanctions against Russia with Russia's ambassador to the United States during the month before President Donald Trump took office, and he withheld that fact from even Vice President Mike Pence. That prompted then Acting Attorney General Sally Yates to warn the White House's top lawyer he might be susceptible to blackmail. Flynn stepped down after The Washington Post reported on the contents of the call. The president has nonetheless seemed to defend his former adviser. A memo by fired FBI Director Comey alleged Trump even asked that the probe into Flynn be shut down. The White House also has acknowledged that Kushner met with Kislyak, the Russian ambassador to the U.S., in late November. Kushner also has acknowledged that he met with the head of a Russian development bank, Vnesheconombank, which has been under U.S. sanctions since July 2014. The president's son in law initially omitted contacts with foreign leaders from a national security questionnaire, though his lawyer has said publicly he submitted the form prematurely and informed the FBI soon after he would provide an update. Vnesheconombank handles development for the state, and in early 2015, a man purporting to be one of its New York-based employees was arrested and accused of being an unregistered spy. That man - Evgeny Buryakov - ultimately pleaded guilty and was eventually deported. He had been in contact with former Trump adviser Carter Page, though Page has said he shared only "basic immaterial information and publicly available research documents" with the Russian. Page was the subject of a secret warrant last year issued by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, based on suspicions he might have been acting as an agent of the Russian government, according to people familiar with the matter. Page has denied any wrongdoing, and accused the government of violating his civil rights. The Washington Post's Ellen Nakashima and Ashley Parker contributed to this report. President Donald Trump and first lady Melania Trump walk across the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, Friday, May 19, 2017, before boarding Marine One for a short trip to Andrews Air Force Base, Md. Trump is leaving for his first foreign trip, visiting Saudi Arabia, Israel, Vatican, and a pair of summits in Brussels and Sicily. Andrew Harnik AP LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 2:19 Hold the pickle, hold the lettuce in hamburger eating contest Pause 1:53 'They love being challenged' says teacher pushing for opportunities for gifted students 1:23 A unique, amazing, overzealous, independent, headstrong, hippie with a heart of gold 1:11 The moment Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg got his acceptance letter to Harvard 1:45 Mascara brushes are magic wands for rescued wildlife in N.C. 0:46 Thousands of dead people are not voting in North Carolina, despite rumors 1:06 Neuse River close to 25-foot flood stage in Smithfield 8:01 Seth Meyers takes some shots at NC political power grab 0:24 Samantha Bee airs alt-White House Correspondents’ Dinner, with shout-out to The N&O 1:00 Artist Patrick Dougherty in "Craft in America" Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a day ago Thousands of dead people are not voting in North Carolina, despite rumors 0:46 a day ago Thousands of dead people are not voting in North Carolina, despite rumors 1:37 a day ago What you need to know about the Trump/Comey saga 3:32 2 days ago Former senator Hartsell pleads guilty to violating campaign finance laws View More Video Politics & Government The Latest: Ellis won't concede Democratic chair race Police: Gunmen shoot and kill 4 policemen in north Pakistan. California Democrats take aim at Trump, GOP Congress Pacific ministers commit to move ahead with pact without US Trump, in address to Muslims, urges fight against terror Politics & Government Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services Customer Service E-Edition Contact Us About Us Site Map Site Information Triangle.com ArtsNow FansTailgate Mom2Mom Trianglejobs Community News Legal Notices News in Education Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Careers at the N&O Advertising Advertise With Us About Our Ads Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping N&O Store N&O Photos More Copyright Commenting Policy Report News Privacy Policy Terms of Use
News Sports Entertainment Classifieds 74° Full Menu 74° Customer Service Customer Service e-Edition BeeBuzzPoints About Us About Us Contact Us Apps Newsletters Twitter, Facebook, Google+, YouTube News in Education (NIE) Local Sacramento Region Arena City Beat Local Govt Salary Database Crime Education Environment Health & Medicine Transportation Traffic Conditions Weather Marcos Breton Communities Elk Grove Folsom/El Dorado Roseville/Placer Yolo Sports Sports Kings Kings Corner with Jason Jones NBA News 49ers with Matt Barrows Giants Oakland A's High School Sports Joe Davidson Ailene Voisin More Sports Raiders NFL News MLB News River Cats Soccer Colleges Golf Auto Racing Politics Politics Capitol Alert State Workers Local Elections PoliGRAPH State Worker Salary Database Legislative Gifts Dan Walters Dan Morain Investigations Investigations Data Tracker Public Eye Afghan Refugees Nursing Homes Opinion Opinion Editorials Viewpoints California Forum Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Jack Ohman Columnists Dan Morain Shawn Hubler Foon Rhee Erika D. Smith Joyce Terhaar Editorial Board Entertainment Entertainment & Life Arts & Theater Books Home & Garden with Debbie Arrington Movies Music Outdoors Pets Travel More Entertainment Events Calendar Horoscopes Comics Puzzles TV Listings Food & Drink Food & Drink Restaurant News Dining Reviews Restaurant Directory Cooking & Recipes Beer Wine Appetizers Blog California California Marijuana Water & Drought Lottery Business Business Real Estate Market Summary Cathie Anderson Nation & World Nation & World National World Technology Family Celebrities TV news Weird News Video Break Obituaries News Obituaries Death Notices FAQ ObitMessenger In Memoriam Local Deals Today's Deal Shopping Grocery Coupons Weekly Ads The Sacramento Bee Store Golf Card Farm to Fork Dining Card Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Classifieds Legal Notices Place an Ad Advertise facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:07 DNC Chair Tom Perez says Trump, Putin in 'bromance' Pause 1:38 'Don't wait for them. You lead' on health care, nurses' leader tells rally 0:55 California Democratic activists want Trump impeached -- now 1:11 'It seems this administration's real priority is Russia first,' Kamala Harris says 1:00 Scene at Del Paso Heights parking lot where man was barricaded in SUV 1:37 What you need to know about the Trump/Comey saga 0:42 'Republicans in Congress must stop stonewalling our quest for the facts,' Pelosi tells delegates 0:49 De'Aaron Fox likes the Kings' young players 1:16 The homeless need for more public bathrooms 0:50 Sacramento community leader discusses homeless population served by new shelter Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email From Secretary of State Rex Tillerson to former campaign director Paul Manafort, President Donald Trump's allies have business and personal connections to Russia. As Congress and the FBI look into Russia's involvement with the 2016 election, those connections are increasingly under a microscope. Natalie Fertig and Patrick Gleason McClatchy From Secretary of State Rex Tillerson to former campaign director Paul Manafort, President Donald Trump's allies have business and personal connections to Russia. As Congress and the FBI look into Russia's involvement with the 2016 election, those connections are increasingly under a microscope. Natalie Fertig and Patrick Gleason McClatchy Politics & Government May 19, 2017 12:25 PM Russia probe reaches current White House official, people familiar with the case say By Devlin Barrett and Matt Zapotosky The Washington Post WASHINGTON The law enforcement investigation into possible coordination between Russia and the Trump campaign has identified a current White House official as a significant person of interest, showing that the probe is reaching into the highest levels of government, according to people familiar with the matter. The senior White House adviser under scrutiny by investigators is someone close to the president, according to these people, who would not further identify the official. The revelation comes as the investigation also appears to be entering a more overtly active phase, with investigators shifting from work that has remained largely hidden from the public to conducting interviews and using a grand jury to issue subpoenas. The intensity of the probe is expected to accelerate in the coming weeks, the people said. The sources emphasized that investigators remain keenly interested in people who previously wielded influence in the Trump campaign and administration but are no longer part of it, including former national security adviser Michael Flynn and former campaign chairman Paul Manafort. Flynn resigned in February after disclosures that he had lied to administration officials about his contacts with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak. Current administration officials who have acknowledged contacts with Russian officials include Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner, as well as Cabinet members Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. People familiar with the investigation said the intensifying effort does not mean criminal charges are near, or that any such charges will result. Earlier this week, Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein appointed former FBI Director Robert Mueller to serve as special counsel and lead the investigation into Russian meddling. It is unclear exactly how Mueller's leadership will affect the direction of the probe, and he is already bringing in new people to work on the team. Those familiar with the case said its significance had increased before Mueller's appointment. While the case began quietly last July as an effort to determine whether any Trump associates coordinated with Russian operatives to meddle in the presidential election campaign, the investigative work now being done by the FBI also includes determining whether any financial crimes were committed by people close to the president. The people familiar with the matter said the probe has sharpened into something more fraught for the White House, the FBI and the Justice Department - particularly because of the public steps investigators know they now need to take, the people said. When subpoenas are issued or interviews are requested, it is possible the people being asked to talk or provide documents will reveal publicly what they were asked about. Read More Firing 'nut job' Comey eased the pressure, document says Trump told the Russians A small group of lawmakers known as the Gang of Eight were notified of the change in tempo and focus in the investigation at a classified briefing on Wednesday evening, the people familiar with the matter said. FBI Director James Comey had publicly confirmed the existence of the investigation in March. Justice Department spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores said, "I can't confirm or deny the existence or non-existence of investigations or targets of investigations." An FBI spokesman declined to comment. White House spokesman Sean Spicer said, "as the president has stated before, a thorough investigation will confirm that there was no collusion between the campaign and any foreign entity.'' facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:07 DNC Chair Tom Perez says Trump, Putin in 'bromance' Pause 1:38 'Don't wait for them. You lead' on health care, nurses' leader tells rally 0:55 California Democratic activists want Trump impeached -- now 1:11 'It seems this administration's real priority is Russia first,' Kamala Harris says 1:00 Scene at Del Paso Heights parking lot where man was barricaded in SUV 1:37 What you need to know about the Trump/Comey saga 0:42 'Republicans in Congress must stop stonewalling our quest for the facts,' Pelosi tells delegates 0:49 De'Aaron Fox likes the Kings' young players 1:16 The homeless need for more public bathrooms 0:50 Sacramento community leader discusses homeless population served by new shelter Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email Get up to speed on the unfolding Trump-Comey saga Then-FBI Director James Comey announced on March 20 that the FBI was investigating possible collusion between the Trump campaign and Russian agents. On May 9, President Trump fired the FBI director, igniting an outcry that grew from just Democrats to include some Republican lawmakers as well. Natalie Fertig McClatchy While there has been a loud public debate in recent days over the question of whether the president might have attempted to obstruct justice in his private dealings with FBI Director James Comey, who Trump fired last week, people familiar with the matter said investigators on the case are more focused on Russian influence operations and possible financial crimes. The FBI's investigation seeks to determine whether and to what extent Trump associates were in contact with Kremlin operatives, what business dealings they might have had in Russia, and whether they in any way facilitated the hacking and publishing of Democratic National Committee and Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta's emails during the presidential campaign. Several congressional committees are also investigating, though their probes could not produce criminal charges. A grand jury in Alexandria, Virginia, recently issued a subpoena for records related to Flynn's business, The Flynn Intel Group, which had been paid more than $500,000 by a company owned by a Turkish American businessman close to top Turkish officials, according to people familiar with the matter. The Flynn Intel Group was paid for research on Fethullah Gulen, a cleric who Turkey's current president believes was responsible for a coup attempt last summer. Flynn retroactively registered with the Justice Department in March as a paid foreign agent for Turkish interests. Separately from the probe now run by Mueller, Flynn is being investigated by the Pentagon's top watchdog for his foreign payments. Flynn also received $45,000 to appear in 2015 with Russian President Vladimir Putin at a dinner for RT, a Kremlin-controlled media organization. Flynn discussed U.S. sanctions against Russia with Russia's ambassador to the United States during the month before President Donald Trump took office, and he withheld that fact from even Vice President Mike Pence. That prompted then Acting Attorney General Sally Yates to warn the White House's top lawyer he might be susceptible to blackmail. Flynn stepped down after The Washington Post reported on the contents of the call. The president has nonetheless seemed to defend his former adviser. A memo by fired FBI Director Comey alleged Trump even asked that the probe into Flynn be shut down. The White House also has acknowledged that Kushner met with Kislyak, the Russian ambassador to the U.S., in late November. Kushner also has acknowledged that he met with the head of a Russian development bank, Vnesheconombank, which has been under U.S. sanctions since July 2014. The president's son in law initially omitted contacts with foreign leaders from a national security questionnaire, though his lawyer has said publicly he submitted the form prematurely and informed the FBI soon after he would provide an update. Vnesheconombank handles development for the state, and in early 2015, a man purporting to be one of its New York-based employees was arrested and accused of being an unregistered spy. That man - Evgeny Buryakov - ultimately pleaded guilty and was eventually deported. He had been in contact with former Trump adviser Carter Page, though Page has said he shared only "basic immaterial information and publicly available research documents" with the Russian. Page was the subject of a secret warrant last year issued by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, based on suspicions he might have been acting as an agent of the Russian government, according to people familiar with the matter. Page has denied any wrongdoing, and accused the government of violating his civil rights. The Washington Post's Ellen Nakashima and Ashley Parker contributed to this report. President Donald Trump and first lady Melania Trump walk across the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, Friday, May 19, 2017, before boarding Marine One for a short trip to Andrews Air Force Base, Md. Trump is leaving for his first foreign trip, visiting Saudi Arabia, Israel, Vatican, and a pair of summits in Brussels and Sicily. Andrew Harnik AP Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:07 DNC Chair Tom Perez says Trump, Putin in 'bromance' Pause 1:38 'Don't wait for them. You lead' on health care, nurses' leader tells rally 0:55 California Democratic activists want Trump impeached -- now 1:11 'It seems this administration's real priority is Russia first,' Kamala Harris says 1:00 Scene at Del Paso Heights parking lot where man was barricaded in SUV 1:37 What you need to know about the Trump/Comey saga 0:42 'Republicans in Congress must stop stonewalling our quest for the facts,' Pelosi tells delegates 0:49 De'Aaron Fox likes the Kings' young players 1:16 The homeless need for more public bathrooms 0:50 Sacramento community leader discusses homeless population served by new shelter Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 6 hours ago California's top prosecutor 'closer' to calling for Trump's impeachment 0:36 6 hours ago California's top prosecutor 'closer' to calling for Trump's impeachment 0:55 6 hours ago California Democratic activists want Trump impeached -- now 1:11 10 hours ago 'It seems this administration's real priority is Russia first,' Kamala Harris says View More Video Politics & Government Democrats dominate California but squabble among themselves California Democratic activists want Trump’s head, but leaders bat down impeachment calls Trump hails huge Saudi arms deal as a jobs producer In land where women can’t drive, resignation that Trump is no Obama Trump slammed Michelle Obama for doing something Melania, Ivanka also did Politics & Government Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Subscribe Customer Service e-Edition News in Education (NIE) Newsletters Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ Photo Reprints Jobs at The Bee Social, Mobile & More Smartphone and Tablet Apps Mobile Alerts Facebook Twitter YouTube Advertising Place a Classified Ad Place a Legal Notice Place a Digital Ad Place a Newspaper Ad Local Deals Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Home News Economy Interview Reports World News Culture Sports Opinion Photos About us Contact us English Français عربي Archive May 2017 M T W T F S S « Apr     1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Video Advertisment Photos Library Facebook Interview Interview: IGAD Special Envoy in Khartoum Lissane Yohannes Africa: ‘Cooperation, Not Rivalry, Is the Solution for Africa’ Interview: IGAD Special Envoy in Khartoum Lissane Yohannes Opinion The Timing is Right, Finally, for Sudan GCC: military bases important, but alone can’t deter foes Opinion: WHY THE U.S. SHOULD END SANCTIONS ON SUDAN Documents Sudan Humanitarian Snapshot African Union to hold election to determine next chairperson Sudan Egypt in New Phase of Bilateral Ties Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ English Français عربي Home News Economy Interview Reports World News Culture Sports Opinion Photos About us Contact us Interview Interview: IGAD Special Envoy in Khartoum Lissane Yohannes Interview: Kuwaiti Ambassador to Khartoum Bassam Mohammed Al – Qabandi Africa: ‘Cooperation, Not Rivalry, Is the Solution for Africa’ Opinion The Timing is Right, Finally, for Sudan Baroness Cox…Again Rohingya Muslims in Myanmar are suffering. The world mustn’t look away Documents Sudan Humanitarian Snapshot US-Led Coalition Declines to Comment on Attack Against Syrian Forces WordPress Themes Development News NewsSaudi Arabia Leading Efforts to Lift US Sanctions Against Sudan SlideSudan rules out normalising ties with Israel NewsCombating Terrorism and Money Laundering Workshop Opens in Khartoum NewsSouth Sudan: Wife of Exiled Rebel Leader Warns ‘Genocide in Progress’, calls for Australian Aid NewsRSF Commander Pledges to Curb Human Trafficking and Terrorism NewsAUPSC Delegation Visits Sudan to Discuss Darfur Development SlideUN gives Sudan and South Sudan 6 months for Abyei monitoring NewsVisiting Qatari Medical Delegation Starts Free Cardiac Surgeries in Sudan NewsAU Ambassador: UNAMID Will Gradually Exit From Sudan NewsEgypt, Sudan, Ethiopia Experts Meet in Addis Ababa to Discuss Report on GERD Impact Studies Top US spy chiefs to testify in Congress over Russian hacking, Trump remains skeptical 5 months ago COMPILED FROM WIRE SERVICES ISTANBUL AFP Photo Senior U.S. intelligence officials will testify in Congress on Thursday on Russia’s alleged cyber attacks during the 2016 election campaign, even as President-elect Donald Trump casts doubt on intelligence agencies’ findings that Moscow orchestrated the hacks. The hearings come a day before Trump is due to be briefed by intelligence agency chiefs on hacks that targeted the Democratic Party. Trump is heading for a conflict over the issue with Democrats and fellow Republicans in Congress, many of whom are wary of Moscow and distrust the New York businessman’s praise of Russian President Vladimir Putin and efforts to heal the rift between the United States and Russia. Director of National Intelligence James Clapper and National Security Agency Director Michael Rogers are due to testify amid a heated rift between Trump and the intelligence bodies he will rely upon for crucial advice when he becomes president on January 20. In tweets this week, Trump ridiculed the CIA and FBI conclusions, which are supported by outgoing President Barack Obama, that hackers working at the bidding of the Russian government stole embarrassing Democratic Party documents from the party’s computers and leaked the via WikiLeaks to undermine the presidential campaign of Trump rival Hillary Clinton. Referring to a planned presentation to him by intelligence chiefs, Trump tweeted: “The ‘Intelligence’ briefing on so-called ‘Russian hacking’ was delayed until Friday, perhaps more time needed to build a case. Very strange!” He then added to the insult by citing WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange in his dismissal of the findings of multiple US agencies that Russia was behind the hacking. “Julian Assange said ‘a 14 year old could have hacked Podesta’ – why was DNC so careless?” Trump said, referring to the thousands of emails and documents robbed from the computers of the Democratic National Committee and from Clinton campaign chief John Podesta. Intel agency shakeup looming? Trump’s taunts have boosted pressure on the White House, the Central Intelligence Agency, the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the Director of National Intelligence to back up their claims last month that the Russian government was behind the hacking, intentionally divulging the documents via WikiLeaks to disrupt the election and help Trump. The intelligence chiefs and Obama have pointed the finger at Russian President Vladimir Putin, saying no such operation could go on in Moscow without the highest level of approval. On December 29, Obama retaliated, expelling 35 Russian “intelligence operatives,” placing sanctions on Russian government officials and intelligence services, and alleged hackers. But the evidence made public by the agencies remains thin, allowing Trump, who has made clear he wants to improve fraught relations with Russia, to mount a challenge to the US intelligence establishment. The Wall Street Journal reported late Wednesday that Trump is already working on a plan to restructure the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, which Trump believes “has become bloated and politicized,” the Journal reported, citing people official with the planning. The plan could also include revamping the CIA, cutting back its headquarters staff while boosting deployment of agents in the field, the Journal said. (http://www.dailysabah.com) Related Articles US COMPARES VENEZUELA CRISIS TO SYRIA, SOUTH SUDAN, N KOREA Saudi Arabia is Key to Regional Stability: Kelly New Work Week Brings Fears Global Cyberattack Could Spread Archive May 2017 M T W T F S S « Apr     1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Video Advertisment Photos Library Facebook Most Popular Saudi Arabia Leading Efforts to Lift US Sanctions Against Sudan 1 hour ago Sudan rules out normalising ties with Israel 3 days ago Newsletter Email Categories Home News Economy Interview Reports World News Culture Sports Opinion Photos About us Contact us Advertisment go to top Inc. All Rights Reserved © 2017 Sudanese Media Centre. SMC Broadcasting System
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 21 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman ZEISS and ASML Strengthen Partnership for Next Generation of EUV Lithography Due in Early 2020s ASML buys 24.9% of ZEISS subsidiary Carl Zeiss SMT for EUR 1 billion in cash Start of development of entirely new High NA optical system for the future generation of EUV ASML supports Carl Zeiss SMT`s R&D and capex for approximately EUR 760 million over the next 6 years VELDHOVEN, the Netherlands/OBERKOCHEN, Germany – 3 November 2016 – Netherlands-based ASML Holding NV, one of the world’s leading chip industry equipment providers, and Germany-based Carl Zeiss SMT, a business group of Carl Zeiss AG (ZEISS), have agreed to strengthen their long-standing and successful partnership in the semiconductor lithography business. The main objective of this agreement is to facilitate the development of the future generation of Extreme Ultraviolet (EUV) lithography systems due in the first few years of the next decade. This technology will enable the semiconductor industry to produce much higher performance microchips at lower costs. ZEISS and ASML jointly announce today, that they have agreed on a 24.9% minority stake of ASML in ZEISS’s subsidiary Carl Zeiss SMT, for which ASML will pay ZEISS EUR 1 billion in cash. The companies stated that no further exchange of shares is planned or agreed. ASML is a key supplier of semiconductor patterning products and services used by the world`s top producers of microchips. With its high-performance optics Carl Zeiss SMT supplies an essential subsystem of ASML´s semiconductor lithography scanners and is ASML`s most important strategic partner. ASML and Carl Zeiss SMT have been in close partnership for more than 30 years. Both firms have grown strongly over the last decades benefiting from each other`s strengths. A new cycle of investments required for the development of an entirely new optical system for the future generation of EUV, expected to be provided to the chip making industry in the first few years of the next decade, has triggered the partners to take a further step in the collaboration. “In 2018 the first chips made on current technology EUV scanners are expected to roll off the production lines of our customers. A lot of work is still being done to ensure the introduction of EUV in volume manufacturing, in tight conjunction with our highly successful immersion scanners which we continue to improve. Yet ASML and ZEISS are looking beyond this important milestone. We see a long and successful future for EUV lithography in advanced chip manufacturing and with this agreement we set the right conditions for development of the next generation of EUV by ASML and Carl Zeiss SMT, so that our customers can reap the rewards of their EUV investments up to the end of the next decade,” said Peter Wennink, President and Chief Executive Officer of ASML. “With this agreement we clear the road for advanced lithography to support the new concepts and designs for future generations of advanced chips. After the many years of fruitful partnership, we see this agreement as a further strong endorsement of our long term cooperation which allows us to further expand our joint leadership that we have already accomplished together”, says Michael Kaschke, President and CEO of ZEISS. The next generation of EUV optics will offer a higher numerical aperture (NA), making it possible to further reduce critical dimensions in the lithography process. The current EUV systems have an optical system with NA of 0.33 whereas the new optics will have NA larger than 0.5, enabling several generations of geometric chip scaling. In addition to the agreement of the minority interest, the two companies have also agreed that ASML will support Carl Zeiss SMT`s research and development (R&D) for approximately EUR 220 million as well as capital expenditures and other supply chain investments for approximately EUR 540 million over the next 6 years. These investments will predominantly be allocated at Carl Zeiss SMT’s main location in Oberkochen, Germany, and will primarily be used for capacity and resource expansions, with positive effects on long-term employment at this location. Carl Zeiss SMT will remain fully integrated into the structure of the ZEISS Group as one of the major and important business groups. “High-NA is the logical next step for EUV, as it circumvents complex and expensive 0.33 NA EUV multiple patterning. High-NA EUV is a robust way for chips to scale all the way down to the sub-3 nanometer logic node in a single exposure with high productivity and reduced cost per feature. That is several generations from where we are today and underlines our commitment to propel Moore’s law,” said Martin van den Brink, President and Chief Technology Officer at ASML. Carl Zeiss SMT will pay an annual dividend to its shareholders Carl Zeiss AG and ASML. ASML expects that the minority share transaction will be accretive to its earnings before adjustments related to purchase price accounting and differences in accounting standards. Furthermore, ASML`s contribution to Carl Zeiss SMT`s R&D and capital expenditures will be taken into account in the future pricing of SMT`s next generation EUV optics to ASML. The transaction has been approved by both companies’ supervisory boards. ASML will fund the transaction from available cash, potentially supplemented by new debt. The transaction is subject to regulatory clearance and is expected to be closed in the second quarter of 2017. Update ASML Share Buyback Program In light of the investments by ASML announced today, ASML will prolong the pause of its share buy back program for the time being. As a result, the 2016-2017 program may not be completed for the full amount. Otherwise, the current program will remain in place, yet it may be further suspended, modified or discontinued at any time. As part of ASML’s financial policy to return excess cash to shareholders through dividends and regularly timed share buyback programs, ASML in January 2016 announced its intention to purchase up to EUR 1.5 billion of shares to be executed within the 2016-2017 time frame. About Moore`s law The phenomenal growth of the semiconductor industry has been driven by Moore’s Law, named after Intel co-founder Gordon Moore. In 1965, Moore observed that the number of components on a chip that could be manufactured at optimum cost had doubled every year. He predicted that this trend would continue. It was an empirical observation, not a law of nature. In the five decades that followed, the “law” has been rewritten several times, but the principle continues: chip makers cram more transistors on ICs with every new generation, making computing power and storage capacity cheaper year after year. Today’s consumers carry more computing power in their pockets than a multi-million-dollar supercomputer could deliver in the 1970s. Moore’s Law has inspired generations of engineers to push technology forward. About ASML ASML is one of the world’s leading manufacturers of chip-making equipment. Our vision is to enable affordable microelectronics that improve the quality of life. To achieve this, our mission is to invent, develop, manufacture and service advanced technology for high-tech lithography, metrology and software solutions for the semiconductor industry. ASML’s guiding principle is continuing Moore’s Law towards ever smaller, cheaper, more powerful and energy-efficient semiconductors. This results in increasingly powerful and capable electronics that enable the world to progress within a multitude of fields, including healthcare, technology, communications, energy, mobility, and entertainment. We are a multinational company with over 70 locations in 16 countries, headquartered in Veldhoven, the Netherlands. We employ more than 15,500 people on payroll and flexible contracts (expressed in full time equivalents). ASML is traded on Euronext Amsterdam and NASDAQ under the symbol ASML. More information about ASML, our products and technology, and career opportunities is available on www.ASML.com. About ZEISS and Carl Zeiss SMT ZEISS is an internationally leading technology enterprise operating in the optics and optoelectronics industries. The ZEISS Group develops and distributes semiconductor manufacturing equipment, measuring technology, microscopes, medical technology, eyeglass lenses, camera and cine lenses, binoculars and planetarium technology. With its solutions, the company constantly advances the world of optics and helps shape technological progress. ZEISS is divided up into the four segments Semiconductor Manufacturing Technology, Research & Quality Technology, Medical Technology, and Vision Care/Consumer Optics. ZEISS is represented in over 40 countries and operates more than 30 production sites, over 50 sales and service locations and about 25 research and development facilities. In fiscal year 2015/16 the company generated revenue of over EUR 4.8 billion with around 25,000 employees. Founded in 1846 in Jena, the company is headquartered in Oberkochen, Germany. Carl Zeiss AG is the strategic management holding company that manages the ZEISS Group. The company is wholly owned by the Carl Zeiss Stiftung (Carl Zeiss Foundation). Further information at www.zeiss.com Regulated Information This press release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation. Forward Looking Statements This document contains statements relating to certain projections and business trends that are forward-looking, including statements with respect to our outlook, including statements about the partnership between ASML and Carl Zeiss SMT, the transactions between ASML and ZEISS discussed herein, including the expected capex and R&Dother investments by ASML, and expected benefits of these transactions, statements with respect to the planned investments by ASML in Carl Zeiss SMT including allocation and use of these investments and expected benefits,, statements about EUV including expected development of EUV and the expected timing of the next generation of EUV systems, new investments required in optical systems to continue EUV development, expected timing for the first chips to be produced by ASML’s customers using EUV, and expected volume manufacturing using EUV and expected timing thereof and expected long and successful future of EUV lithography and expected future investments in EUV, , that customers can reap the rewards of these EUV investments up to the end of the next decade and that the agreement discussed in this release will clear the road for advanced lithography to support new concepts and designs for future generations of advanced ships, the expected NA and other features of next generation EUV products, statements with respect to Moore’s law and the expectation that this transaction will help fuel the development of Moore’s law, statements with respect to Carl Zeiss SMT, including expected dividends and that the transaction will be accretive to earnings, statements with respect to the relationship between ASML and Carl Zeiss SMT and expected benefits thereof , expected closing of the transaction [and expected funding of the transaction by ASML], and other non-historic statements. You can generally identify these statements by the use of words like “may”, “will”, “could”, “should”, “project”, “believe”, “anticipate”, “expect”, “plan”, “estimate”, “forecast”, “potential”, “intend”, “continue” and variations of these words or comparable words. These statements are not historical facts, but rather are based on current expectations, estimates, assumptions and projections about the business and our future financial results and readers should not place undue reliance on them. Forward-looking statements do not guarantee future performance and involve risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include, without limitation, economic conditions, product demand and semiconductor equipment industry capacity, worldwide demand and manufacturing capacity utilization for semiconductors (the principal product of our customer base), including the impact of general economic conditions on consumer confidence and demand for our customers’ products, competitive products and pricing, the impact of any manufacturing efficiencies and capacity constraints, performance of our systems, the continuing success of technology advances and the related pace of new product development and customer acceptance of EUV, delays in EUV systems production and development, our ability to enforce patents and protect intellectual property rights, the risk of intellectual property litigation, availability of raw materials and critical manufacturing equipment, trade environment, changes in exchange rates, the completion of the acquisition by ASML of the 24.9% stake in Carl Zeiss SMT and the performance of Carl Zeiss SMT including dividends paid in the future by Carl Zeiss SMT, the amount of investments and capex required by Carl Zeiss SMT under the arrangements described herein and the performance of the products produced by Carl Zeiss SMT and other risks indicated in the risk factors included in ASML’s Annual Report on Form 20-F and other filings with the US Securities and Exchange Commission. These forward-looking statements are made only as of the date of this document. We do not undertake to update or revise the forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious ASML Reports Record Full-Year 2016 Net Sales and Net Income – Orders for EUV Lithography Systems Show Strong Customer Commitment for Production Insertion Next PostNext Fatal traffic accident in Pat Heung Search Recent Posts News Hey Siri, send John $10 Hey Siri, book me a ride Hey Siri, show me my best selfies Manhattan’s newest Apple Store opens at World Trade Center Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content Windows Central Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions Windows Tablets & Laptops Surface Laptop Surface Pro 4 Surface Book Windows 10 Windows 10 S Windows 10 Mobile Windows Phones Lumia 950 XL Lumia 950 HP Elite x3 The Xbox Lounge Shop HOT DEAL$ Digital Deals All Accessories Cases & Covers Chargers & Cables Docks & Cradles Batteries Screen Protectors Laptop Buyers Guide Windows 10 Help & How To Best Windows Store Apps Best Windows Store Games Apps Microsoft Insider Program Surface Surface Tips Surface Book Surface Pro 4 Surface Pro 3 Xbox Game Reviews Xbox LIVE Project Scorpio The Best Laptop Reviews Deals Today's Trending Tech Deals Digital Offers Dell Laptop Deals Live Help Podcast Log in or Sign up Fewer ads and it's free! Windows Central Forums All News Stories Phone News Surface News Windows News Xbox News MSFT News Apps Games Reviews Virtual Reality Help & How To Question & Answer Contests Shop Accessories Podcasts Videos Newsletter Contact us Tip Us On News Download our app! Android Central CrackBerry iMore Windows Central Tesla Central VR Heads MrMobile Modern Dad Drop it like it's hot Panasonic's Toughbook CF-33 is a ridiculously rugged 2-in-1 Rough and ready Panasonic's Toughbook rules all rugged laptops BREAKDOWN TABLETS Panasonic supplies the AA with 3,000 new Toughpad tablets Can take a lot of abuse Panasonic reveals Windows 10 Mobile-based Toughpad FZ-F1 Coming in February Panasonic Toughbook 20 Windows 10 2-in-1 laptop announced < > Surface Laptop Windows 10 Creators Update Best Laptops Best VPN Services Best Antivirus Surface Book Surface Pro 4 Lumia 950 XL Lumia 950 Windows 10 Tip us on News! Pre-order: Surface Laptop Beefy Panasonic announces U.S. availability for its exceptionally rugged ToughBook 33 By Dan Thorp-Lancaster Friday, May 19, 2017 at 11:24 am EDT 3 Comments If you're in need of an exceptionally rugged Windows 10 2-in-1 to get work done in the field, Panasonic's ToughBook 33 will be up for grabs soon in the U.S. Combining powerful specs with a bulky, protective shell, the 12-inch ToughBook 33 will be available for $3,649 later in May, Panasonic has announced. The ToughBook 33 will be available either with a detachable keyboard or as a tablet-only affair. The 12-inch, 3:2 QHD display comes packed in a magnesium alloy shell that is rated to withstand extreme conditions and the occasional fall thanks to meeting MIL-STD-810G and IP65 standards. Driving home its fitness for outdoor use, Panasonic notes that the anti-reflective display can hit a peak brightness of 1,200 nits, ensuring visibility in sunlight. On the inside, the ToughBook 33's ruggedness is backed up by Intel's 7th-generation Core i5 and i7 processors, up to 16GB of RAM, and up to 512GB of SSD storage. There's also a 1080p webcam on the front, with an 8MP camera on the rear. Windows Hello is also supported via facial recognition, along with iris and fingerprint scanning. The 2-in-1 can also be equipped with optional dedicated GPS and 4G LTE for use in the field, along with barcode or serial scanners. The ToughBook 33 will be available at authorized Panasonic resellers later in May starting at $3,649 alongside a vehicle dock accessory. For more, check out our hands-on with the ruggedized laptop from Mobile World Congress 2017 below. Reader comments Panasonic announces U.S. availability for its exceptionally rugged ToughBook 33 3 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating blackprince What sort accuracy are we talking about with that GPS? 0 1 day ago Reply jcrus Somewhere between minutes and seconds. -1 1 day ago Reply Mike Semblance The cops will all have these soon, on our dime. 0 1 min ago Reply 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2016 Mobile Nations • Terms and Conditions • Privacy Policy • Careers: Writer | Dev • Licensing • External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City Name Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting VRtually There More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost VRtually There Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 6325 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Royal welcome for Trump in Saudi Arabia as troubles mount at home The president, who met with King Salman, hopes his five-stop foreign tour will unite the world against terrorism — and distract from bad headlines back home. Post to Facebook Royal welcome for Trump in Saudi Arabia as troubles mount at home The president, who met with King Salman, hopes his five-stop foreign tour will unite the world against terrorism — and distract from bad headlines back home.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: https://usat.ly/2qDJt9W {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 483 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Royal welcome for Trump in Saudi Arabia as troubles mount at home Gregory Korte , USA TODAY Published 3:11 a.m. ET May 20, 2017 | Updated 12 hours ago President Trump holds a sword and sways with traditional dancers during a welcome ceremony at Murabba Palace in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia , Saturday. (Photo: Evan Vucci, AP) 6325 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 483 COMMENTEMAILMORE RIYADH, Saudi Arabia — President Trump got the royal treatment in Saudi Arabia on Saturday, receiving a lavish welcome that he hopes can erase two weeks of bad headlines, refocus his presidency and unite allies against terrorism. Day one of his nine-day foreign trip — his first as president — saw the signing of arms sales agreements and discussions on trade, terrorism, Iran and the wars in Syria and Yemen. In a blitz of pre-negotiated dealmaking, Trump and the Saudi king signed eight different agreements approving almost $110 billion in arms sales to Saudi Arabia. The kingdom also approved 23 foreign investment export licenses with U.S. companies, bringing the total amount of investments to $350 billion over 10 years. The arms deals included a Jane's catalog of military equipment, the State Department said: Tanks, artillery, counter-mortar radars, armored personnel carriers, helicopters, ships, patrol boats, aircraft and missile defenses. ("Just what the Middle East needs — $110 billion more in weapons," Sen. Chris Murphy, D-Conn., retorted in the Huffington Post.) But the first day of Trump's five-stop overseas trip was dominated by a series of highly choreographed ceremonies, beginning with an elaborate red-carpet arrival and ending with a traditional sword dance at the historic Murabba Palace. The Saudi king, Custodian of the Two Holy Mosques Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud, greeted the presidential plane in the 101-degree heat as a brass band played, cannons boomed and seven Saudi jets flew overhead trailing red, white and blue smoke. It was a notable contrast from President Obama's last visit to the kingdom, when King Salman delegated the task of greeting the president to a distant nephew, a provincial governor, amid tensions between the two countries over the Iran nuclear deal. At an elaborate ceremony at the Saudi Royal Court, Trump bowed to receive the King Abdul Aziz Collar, a medal considered to the kingdom's highest honor — something Trump criticized Obama for years ago. White House aides appeared to be in good spirits, with Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner giving National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster a high-five between meetings. After dinner, Trump participated in dancing diplomacy, joining the Arabian ardah with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Trump begins first foreign trip with visit to Saudi Arabia  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. President Trump waits for the beginning of a bilateral meeting with Saudi King Salam at the Royal Court Palace, on May 20, 2017, in Riyadh. From left are, White House chief of staff Reince Priebus, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, Trump, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, White House senior adviser Jared Kushner, and Chief Economic Adviser Gary Cohn. President Trump is on an official visit to Saudi Arabia, the first stop of his first foreign trip as president, visiting Saudi Arabia, Israel, Vatican, and a pair of summits in Brussels and Sicily.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen President Trump talks with Saudi King Salman during a presentation ceremony of The Collar of Abdulaziz Al Saud Medal at the Royal Court Palace on May 20, 2017, in Riyadh.   Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen First lady Melania Trump talks with Saudi Crown Prince Muhammad bin Nayef during a ceremony to present The Collar of Abdulaziz Al Saud Medal to President Trump, at the Royal Court Palace on May 20, 2017, in Riyadh.   Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen President Trump (C) receives the Order of Abdulaziz al-Saud medal from Saudi Arabia's King Salman bin Abdulaziz al-Saud (R) at the Saudi Royal Court in Riyadh on May 20, 2017.  Mandel Ngan, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Saudi Arabia's King Salman bin Abdulaziz al-Saud (2nd R), US President Donald Trump (2nd L) and US First Lady Melania Trump (L) look at a display of Saudi modern art at the Saudi Royal Court in Riyadh on May 20, 2017.   Mandel Ngan, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Journalists follow the news of President Trump's visit on a monitor in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia on May 20, 2017.  European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen White House senior adviser Jared Kushner, right, walks with Ivanka Trump at the Royal Court Palace onMay 20, 2017, in Riyadh.   Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen President Trump and first lady Melania Trump arrive at the Royal Terminal of King Khalid International Airport, on May 20, 2017, in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen President Trump waves as he boards Air Force One at Andrews Air Force Base, Md. onMay 19, 2017, for his first foreign trip as president, visiting Saudi Arabia, Israel, Vatican, and a pair of summits in Brussels and Sicily.   Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen President Trump (C) and First Lady Melania Trump (R) are bid farewell by Vice President Pence (L) before the President and the First Lady depart the South Lawn of the White House by Marine One, in Washington, DC on May 19, 2017.  Michael Reynolds, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 10 2 of 10 3 of 10 4 of 10 5 of 10 6 of 10 7 of 10 8 of 10 9 of 10 10 of 10 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Trump called the day "tremendous" and said it would result in "hundreds of billions of dollars of investments into the United States and jobs, jobs, jobs." But the journey comes as Trump faces mounting questions about his firing of FBI Director James Comey, who was investigating his campaign's links to the Russian government. Trump avoided questions about the affair all day, and White House press secretary Sean Spicer did not brief reporters. White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus told reporters aboard Air Force One that Trump got very little sleep during the 12-hour, 20-minute overnight flight from Washington, passing the time by reading newspapers and talking to staff. While Air Force One was in the air, news organizations reported a string of damaging revelations: The New York Times reported Trump told Russian diplomats that Comey was a "nut job," and that his firing would ease the pressure on the Russia investigation. The Washington Post reported a high-ranking White House aide was a "person of interest" in the probe. Later, CNN reported Russian officials boasted of their influence with former national security adviser Michael Flynn, and White House lawyers were preparing for impeachment "just in case." Trump used the flight to work on his much-heralded speech to Muslim leaders Sunday, Spicer said. The White House considers the speech a centerpiece of the visit and an opportunity to rally Arab allies in the battle against the Islamic State. According to a draft obtained by the Associated Press, Trump will abandon some of the harsher anti-Muslim rhetoric of the political campaign, describing the war against terrorism as a "battle between good and evil" but "not a battle between different faiths, different sects or different civilizations." Deputy press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said the draft was just one of five different versions of the speech being written by various aides, and that the president hadn't decided on a final version. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn The Trump presidency: A new era in Washington  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Trump responds to a question from a member of the news media during a joint news conference with Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos in the East Room of the White House on May 18, 2017.  Michael Reynolds, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump boards Air Force One at Andrews Air Force Base on May 17, 2017, en route to the U.S. Coast Guard Academy in New London, Conn., for a commencement address.  Susan Walsh, AP Fullscreen Trump meets with Henry Kissinger in the Oval Office on May 10, 2017.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen President Trump, Speaker Paul Ryan and other congressional Republicans celebrate in the Rose Garden of the White House following the House vote to repeal Obamacare on May 4, 2017.  Mandel Ngan, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump pauses as he speaks at the Pennsylvania Farm Show Complex and Expo Center in Harrisburg, Pa., on April, 29, 2017.  Carolyn Kaster, AP Fullscreen President Trump speaks during the National Rifle Association-ILA Leadership Forum on April 28, 2017, in Atlanta.  Mike Stewart, AP Fullscreen Secretary of the Interior Ryan Zinke listens while Trump speaks before signing an executive order to review the Antiquities Act at the Department of the Interior on April 26, 2017.  Brendan Smialowski, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump prepares to award a Purple Heart to U.S. Army Sgt. 1st Class Alvaro Barrientos, with first lady Melania Trump, right, and Tammy Barrientos, second from right, at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center on April 22, 2017, in Bethesda, Md.  Alex Brandon, AP Fullscreen Trump waves as he and Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin walk from the White House to the U.S. Treasury Department on April 21, 2017.  Jim Watson, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen President Trump greets Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni as he arrives at the West Wing of the White House on April 20, 2017.  Andrew Harnik, AP Fullscreen New England Patriots head coach Bill Belichick, President Trump, Patriots owner Robert Kraft and Patriots President Jonathan Kraft stand with Patriots players as Trump holds a team helmet at a ceremony honoring the Patriots as Super Bowl champions on the South Lawn at the White House on April 19, 2017.  Geoff Burke, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Trump joins attendees at the Easter Egg Roll to write notes to servicemembers on the South Lawn of the White House on April 17, 2017.  Brendan Smialowski, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump steps off Air Force One as he arrives at Palm Beach International Airport on April 13, 2017.  Richard Graulich, AP Fullscreen Trump speaks in the Rose Garden of the White House on April 10, 2017, at the swearing-in ceremony for Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump pumps his fist as he and Chinese President Xi Jinping walk together at the Mar-a-Lago estate in West Palm Beach, Fla., on April 7, 2017.  Jim Watson, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen President Trump walks to the podium to speak about the missile strike on Syria on April 6, 2017, at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach, Fla.  Alex Brandon, AP Fullscreen Trump speaks during a Wounded Warriors event in the East Room of the White House on April 6, 2017.  Brendan Smialowski, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen President Trump and Jordan's King Abdullah II hold a news conference in the Rose Garden at the White House on April 5, 2017.  Andrew Harnik, AP Fullscreen President Trump speaks about trade as Vice President Pence looks on before signing executive orders in the Oval Office on March 31, 2017.  Olivier Douliery, Pool/European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen President Trump shakes hands with New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie during an opioid and drug abuse listening session in the Roosevelt Room on March 29, 2017.  Shawn Thew, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen President Trump, flanked by Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price and Vice President Pence, speaks about the health care overhaul bill on March 24, 2017, in the Oval Office.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen Trump gets in the driver's seat of an 18-wheeler while meeting with truck drivers and trucking CEOs on the South Portico prior to their meeting to discuss health care at the White House on March 23, 2017.  Jim Lo Scalzo, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen President Trump speaks during a meeting with Congressional Black Caucus members in the Cabinet Room at the White House on March 22, 2017.  Chip Somodevilla, Pool/European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump holds a NASA flight jacket presented to him by NASA Astronaut Office Chief Chris Cassidy after signing the NASA Transition Authorization Act of 2017 in the Oval Office on March 21, 2017.  Bill Ingalls, NASA/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump and Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price arrive on Capitol Hill on March 21, 2017, to meet with GOP lawmakers on the Republican health care overhaul.  J. Scott Applewhite, AP Fullscreen Trump speaks to reporters onboard Air Force One before departing from Palm Beach International Airport in West Palm Beach, Fla., on March 19, 2017.  Mandel Ngan, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump and German Chancellor Angela Merkel walk down the Cross Hall to enter the East Room for a joint press conference at the White House on March 17, 2017.  Michael Reynolds, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump talks with House Speaker Paul Ryan on Capitol Hill on March 16, 2017, during a "Friends of Ireland" luncheon.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump speaks to auto workers at the American Center for Mobility on March 15, 2017, in Ypsilanti, Mich.  Bill Pugliano, Getty Images Fullscreen Trump holds up a note and drawing depicting him that was created by the child of Greg Knox of Ohio during a meeting on health care in the Roosevelt Room on March 13, 2017.  MIchael Reynolds, Pool, Getty Images Fullscreen Trump holds a National Economic Council listening session with the CEOs of community banks in the Roosevelt Room of the White House on March 9, 2017.  Kevin Dietsch, Pool/European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump gestures as he surprises visitors during the official reopening of public tours at the White House on March 7, 2017.  Jim Watson, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump walks with grandchildren Arabella Kushner and Joseph Kushner, holding a model of Marine One, across the South Lawn of the White House on March 3, 2017, before boarding Marine One helicopter for the short flight to nearby Andrews Air Force Base.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen Trump tours the Combat Direction Center on the pre-commissioned USS Gerald R. Ford aircraft carrier in Newport News, Va., on March 2, 2017.  Saul Loeb, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump has lunch with Congressional Republican leaders, including Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and House Speaker Paul Ryan, in the Roosevelt Room of the White House on March 1, 2017.  Erik S. Lesser, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen President Trump speaks before a joint session of Congress on Feb. 28, 2017.  Jack Gruber, USA TODAY Fullscreen Trump holds up an executive order to bolster historically black colleges and universities after signing it in the Oval Office on Feb. 28, 2017.  Jim Watson, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump makes a toast during a dinner reception for the annual National Governors Association winter meeting on Feb. 26, 2017, in the State Dining Room of the White House.  Manuel Balce Ceneta, AP Fullscreen Trump and Pence arrive for a meeting with manufacturing executives at the White House on Feb. 23, 2017.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin listens at right as Trump speaks during a meeting on the federal budget on Feb. 22, 2017, in the Roosevelt Room of the White House.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump reaches out to shake hands with Army Lt. Gen. H.R. McMaster at his Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach, Fla., on Feb. 20, 2017, where Trump announced that McMaster will be the new national security adviser.  Susan Walsh, AP Fullscreen The Trumps attend a campaign-style rally on Feb. 18, 2017, in Melbourne, Fla.  Chris O'Meara, AP Fullscreen President Trump walks with his grandchildren Arabella Kushner and Joseph Kushner to Marine One on the South Lawn of the White House on Feb. 17, 2017.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump speaks during a news conference on Feb. 16, 2017, in the East Room of the White House.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu shake hands during a joint news conference in the East Room of the White House on Feb. 15, 2017.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen Trump meets with retail industry leaders in the Roosevelt Room of the White House on Feb. 15, 2017.  Saul Loeb, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump and Education Secretary Betsy DeVos attend a meeting with parents and teachers on Feb. 14, 2017, in the Roosevelt Room of the White House.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump looks on as Steven Mnuchin is sworn in as Treasury secretary on Feb. 13, 2017.  Alex Wong, Getty Images Fullscreen Trump meets with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau in the Oval Office on Feb. 13, 2017.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump walks from Marine One on the South Lawn of the White House as he returns from his weekend trip to Mar-a-Lago on Feb. 12, 2017.  Molly Riley, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe listen to the translator after they both made statements about North Korea at Mar-a-Lago on Feb. 11, 2017.  Susan Walsh, AP Fullscreen President Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, accompanied by their wives, first lady Melania Trump and Akie Abe, wave before boarding Air Force One at Andrews Air Force Base on Feb. 10, 2017.  Jose Luis Magana, AP Fullscreen President Trump speaks to Democratic and Republican senators about Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch in the Roosevelt Room on Feb. 9, 2017.  Pool, Getty Images Fullscreen Trump arrives for a meeting with airline executives on Feb. 9, 2017.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Intel CEO Brian Krzanich speaks during a meeting with Trump on Feb. 8, 2017, where Intel announced an investment of $7 billion to build a factory in Chandler, Ariz., to create advanced semi-conductor chips.  Chris Kleponis, Pool/European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump holds up a gift given to him by county sheriffs following a meeting as they pose for photos in the Oval Office on Feb. 7, 2017.  Saul Loeb, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen President Trump has lunch with troops during a visit to the U.S. Central Command at MacDill Air Force Base on Feb. 6, 2017, in Tampa, Fla.  Mandel Ngan, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen The Trumps watch the Super Bowl at a party at Trump International Golf Club in West Palm Beach, Fla., on Feb. 5, 2017.  Susan Walsh, AP Fullscreen The Trumps arrive for the 60th Annual Red Cross Gala at his Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach, Fla., on on Feb. 4, 2017.  Mandel Ngan, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen President Trump walks with first lady Melania Trump on the tarmac after he arrived on Air Force One at the Palm Beach International Airport for a visit to Mar-a-Lago on Feb. 3, 2017.  Joe Raedle, Getty Images Fullscreen Trump speaks during the beginning of a policy and strategy forum with business executives in the State Dining Room of the White House on Feb. 3, 2017.  Brendan Smialowski, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus and Vice President Pence look on as Trump speaks briefly to reporters after greeting Harley Davidson executives on the South Lawn of the White House on Feb. 2, 2017.  Drew Angerer, Getty Images Fullscreen Television producer Mark Burnett, left, and Sen. John Boozman, R-Ark., look on as Trump waves upon his arrival for the National Prayer Breakfast on Feb. 2, 2017, in Washington.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump shakes hands with Neil Gorsuch, his Supreme Court nominee, in the East Room of the White House on Jan. 31, 2017.  Michael Reynolds, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen President Trump meets with small-business leaders in the Roosevelt Room of the White House on Jan. 30, 2017.  Jim Lo Scalzo, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen President Trump speaks on the phone with German Chancellor Angela Merkel in the Oval Office on Jan. 28, 2017.  Michael Reynolds, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump shakes hands with Defense Secretary James Mattis during an event at the Pentagon on Jan. 27, 2017. Vice President Pence is at right.  Susan Walsh, AP Fullscreen Trump greets British Prime Minister Theresa May as she arrives at the White House on Jan. 27, 2017.  Shawn Thew, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell watch as President Trump arrives to speak to House and Senate GOP lawmakers at the annual policy retreat in Philadelphia on Jan. 26, 2017.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen Trump boards Air Force One at Andrews Air Force Base in Maryland on Jan. 26, 2017, as he departed to attend a Republican congressional retreat in Philadelphia.  Nicholas Kamm, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump, accompanied by Vice President Mike Pence, gives a thumbs-up on Jan. 25, 2017, at the White House.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen Trump reads from one of the executive orders he signed during a visit to the Department of Homeland Security with Vice President Mike Pence, Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly and other officials in Washington on Jan. 25, 2017.  Chip Somodevilla, Pool/European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump arrives for meeting with automobile leaders in the Roosevelt Room of the White House on Jan. 24, 2017.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen Trump displays one of five executive actions he signed in the Oval Office on Jan. 24, 2017.  Shawn Thew, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump speaks during a reception for House and Senate leaders in the the State Dining Room of the White House on Jan. 23, 2017.  Susan Walsh, AP Fullscreen Trump signs executive actions in the Oval Office on Jan. 23, 2017.  Saul Loeb, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump meets with business leaders on Jan. 23, 2017, in the Roosevelt Room.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen President Trump holds a letter left for him by former president Barack Obama as Vice President Pence looks on before the swearing-in of the White House senior staff on Jan. 22, 2017.  Mandel Ngan, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump speaks at the CIA headquarters in Langley, Va., on Jan. 21, 2017.  Andrew Harnik, AP Fullscreen The Trumps arrive for a National Prayer Service at the National Cathedral on Jan. 21, 2017.  Andrew Harnik, AP Fullscreen The Trumps and Pences attend the Freedom Ball on Jan. 20, 2017.  Kevin Dietsch, Pool/European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump is joined by the congressional leadership and his family as he formally signs his cabinet nominations into law in the Presidents Room of the Senate on Jan. 20, 2017.  J. Scott Applewhite, Pool Photo-USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Trump and Obama arrive for Trump's inauguration luncheon at the Capitol.  J. Scott Applewhite, Pool Fullscreen The Trumps and Obamas stand on the steps of the U.S. Capitol on Jan. 20, 2017.  Rob Carr, Getty Images Fullscreen Trump delivers his inaugural address on Jan. 20, 2017, on the west front of the U.S. Capitol  Porter Binks, USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 85 2 of 85 3 of 85 4 of 85 5 of 85 6 of 85 7 of 85 8 of 85 9 of 85 10 of 85 11 of 85 12 of 85 13 of 85 14 of 85 15 of 85 16 of 85 17 of 85 18 of 85 19 of 85 20 of 85 21 of 85 22 of 85 23 of 85 24 of 85 25 of 85 26 of 85 27 of 85 28 of 85 29 of 85 30 of 85 31 of 85 32 of 85 33 of 85 34 of 85 35 of 85 36 of 85 37 of 85 38 of 85 39 of 85 40 of 85 41 of 85 42 of 85 43 of 85 44 of 85 45 of 85 46 of 85 47 of 85 48 of 85 49 of 85 50 of 85 51 of 85 52 of 85 53 of 85 54 of 85 55 of 85 56 of 85 57 of 85 58 of 85 59 of 85 60 of 85 61 of 85 62 of 85 63 of 85 64 of 85 65 of 85 66 of 85 67 of 85 68 of 85 69 of 85 70 of 85 71 of 85 72 of 85 73 of 85 74 of 85 75 of 85 76 of 85 77 of 85 78 of 85 79 of 85 80 of 85 81 of 85 82 of 85 83 of 85 84 of 85 85 of 85 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide 6325 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 483 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2qDJt9W
National PostDigital Access | Sign in / Register Home Financial Post News Comment Personal Finance Investing Tech Sports Arts Life Health Homes Driving Classifieds Jobs Subscribe News World Israel & The Middle East World TRENDINGReal estate | Lotto Max | Russia | Trump | Tory leadership race | The New War on Cancer Investigation into ties between Russia and Trump campaign reaches current White House official: sources Devlin Barrett and Matt Zapotosky, Washington Post | May 19, 2017 4:31 PM ET More from Washington Post Twitter Google+ Reddit Email Typo? More Comments LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon The law enforcement investigation into possible coordination between Russia and the Trump campaign has identified a current White House official as a significant person of interest, showing that the probe is reaching into the highest levels of government, according to people familiar with the matter. The senior White House adviser under scrutiny by investigators is someone close to the president, according to these people, who would not further identify the official. The revelation comes as the investigation also appears to be entering a more overtly active phase, with investigators shifting from work that has remained largely hidden from the public to conducting interviews and using a grand jury to issue subpoenas. The intensity of the probe is expected to accelerate in the coming weeks, the people said. The sources emphasized that investigators remain keenly interested in people who previously wielded influence in the Trump campaign and administration but are no longer part of it, including former national security adviser Michael Flynn and former campaign chairman Paul Manafort. Flynn resigned in February after disclosures that he had lied to administration officials about his contacts with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak. Current administration officials who have acknowledged contacts with Russian officials include Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner, as well as Cabinet members Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. Related Charles Krauthammer: Trump is out of control, but please, no constitutional tricks to unseat him Incandescent Trump rages against Obama, Clinton and appointment of ‘special counsel’ Trump campaign had at least 18 undisclosed contacts with Russians during last seven months of election Top Republican recorded suggesting that Trump is on Putin’s payroll, ‘swear to God’ People familiar with the investigation said the intensifying effort does not mean criminal charges are near, or that any such charges will result. Earlier this week, Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein appointed former FBI Director Robert Mueller to serve as special counsel and lead the investigation into Russian meddling. It is unclear exactly how Mueller’s leadership will affect the direction of the probe, and he is already bringing in new people to work on the team. Those familiar with the case said its significance had increased before Mueller’s appointment. While the case began quietly last July as an effort to determine whether any Trump associates coordinated with Russian operatives to meddle in the presidential election campaign, the investigative work now being done by the FBI also includes determining whether any financial crimes were committed by people close to the president. The people familiar with the matter said the probe has sharpened into something more fraught for the White House, the FBI and the Justice Department – particularly because of the public steps investigators know they now need to take, the people said. When subpoenas are issued or interviews are requested, it is possible the people being asked to talk or provide documents will reveal publicly what they were asked about. A small group of lawmakers known as the Gang of Eight were notified of the change in tempo and focus in the investigation at a classified briefing on Wednesday evening, the people familiar with the matter said. FBI Director James Comey had publicly confirmed the existence of the investigation in March. Justice Department spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores said, “I can’t confirm or deny the existence or non-existence of investigations or targets of investigations.” An FBI spokesman declined to comment. White House spokesman Sean Spicer said, “as the president has stated before, a thorough investigation will confirm that there was no collusion between the campaign and any foreign entity.” While there has been a loud public debate in recent days over the question of whether the president might have attempted to obstruct justice in his private dealings with FBI Director James Comey, who Trump fired last week, people familiar with the matter said investigators on the case are more focused on Russian influence operations and possible financial crimes. The FBI’s investigation seeks to determine whether and to what extent Trump associates were in contact with Kremlin operatives, what business dealings they might have had in Russia, and whether they in any way facilitated the hacking and publishing of Democratic National Committee and Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta’s emails during the presidential campaign. Several congressional committees are also investigating, though their probes could not produce criminal charges. A grand jury in Alexandria, Virginia, recently issued a subpoena for records related to Flynn’s business, The Flynn Intel Group, which had been paid more than $500,000 by a company owned by a Turkish American businessman close to top Turkish officials, according to people familiar with the matter. The Flynn Intel Group was paid for research on Fethullah Gulen, a cleric who Turkey’s current president believes was responsible for a coup attempt last summer. Flynn retroactively registered with the Justice Department in March as a paid foreign agent for Turkish interests. Separately from the probe now run by Mueller, Flynn is being investigated by the Pentagon’s top watchdog for his foreign payments. Flynn also received $45,000 to appear in 2015 with Russian President Vladimir Putin at a dinner for RT, a Kremlin-controlled media organization. Flynn discussed U.S. sanctions against Russia with Russia’s ambassador to the United States during the month before President Donald Trump took office, and he withheld that fact from even Vice President Mike Pence. That prompted then Acting Attorney General Sally Yates to warn the White House’s top lawyer he might be susceptible to blackmail. Flynn stepped down after The Washington Post reported on the contents of the call. The president has nonetheless seemed to defend his former adviser. A memo by fired FBI Director Comey alleged Trump even asked that the probe into Flynn be shut down. The White House also has acknowledged that Kushner met with Kislyak, the Russian ambassador to the U.S., in late November. Kushner also has acknowledged that he met with the head of a Russian development bank, Vnesheconombank, which has been under U.S. sanctions since July 2014. The president’s son in law initially omitted contacts with foreign leaders from a national security questionnaire, though his lawyer has said publicly he submitted the form prematurely and informed the FBI soon after he would provide an update. Vnesheconombank handles development for the state, and in early 2015, a man purporting to be one of its New York-based employees was arrested and accused of being an unregistered spy. That man – Evgeny Buryakov – ultimately pleaded guilty and was eventually deported. He had been in contact with former Trump adviser Carter Page, though Page has said he shared only “basic immaterial information and publicly available research documents” with the Russian. Page was the subject of a secret warrant last year issued by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, based on suspicions he might have been acting as an agent of the Russian government, according to people familiar with the matter. Page has denied any wrongdoing, and accused the government of violating his civil rights. Find National Post on Facebook Twitter Google+ Reddit Email Typo? More Comments LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon Topics: News, World, Donald Trump, Russia, The White House World Videos Powered by WordPress.com VIP Our Partners Infomart The Province Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Classifieds Remembering Celebrating Classifieds Marketplace Workopolis FlyerCity Classifieds Self-Service Services Advertise with us Subscribe Subscriber Services ePaper Newsletters Site map Legal Privacy Terms Contact us Copyright & permissions Connect with Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Pinterest © 2017 National Post, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password: 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Please enter your email below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Post to Cancel
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Help Make A Great 2017: This site is primarily supported by advertisements. Ads are what have allowed this site to be maintained for the past 12 years. We do our best to ensure only clean, relevant ads are shown, when any nasty ads are detected, we work to remove them ASAP. If you would like to view the site without ads while still supporting our work, please consider our ad-free Phoronix Premium. You can also consider a tip via PayPal. AMDGPU-PRO 17.10 vs. Linux 4.12 + Mesa 17.2-dev Git Written by Michael Larabel in Display Drivers on 20 May 2017. Page 1 of 5. 17 Comments Given the RadeonSI/Gallium3D threaded pipe context work having landed earlier this week and there being other performance improvements with Linux 4.12 and Mesa 17.2-dev, here are some fresh benchmarks on an AMD Polaris card comparing this latest open-source graphics driver code as of this week compared to AMD's latest hybrid driver, AMDGPU-PRO 17.10. Last week I delivered some fresh RADV vs. AMDGPU-PRO Vulkan results while this article is mostly focused on the latest OpenGL improvements to RadeonSI/Gallium3D around the threading work by Marek and other improvements. AMDGPU-PRO 17.10 on Ubuntu 16.04.2 LTS was the latest release tested of the public hybrid driver. On the open-source side, Ubuntu 16.04.2 LTS was upgraded to the Linux 4.12 Git kernel as of 17 May and the Mesa 17.2-dev stack via the Padoka PPA built against LLVM 5.0 SVN. Throughout testing a Sapphire Radeon RX 470 graphics card was used for this newest graphics driver benchmark comparison. Testing was done on the Intel Xeon E3-1280 v5 system with MSI C236A WORKSTATION motherboard, 16GB of DDR4 system memory, and 256GB Toshiba RD400 NVMe SSD. As always, if you appreciate our thorough and frequent Linux graphics driver / GPU benchmarks, please consider joining Phoronix Premium or making a PayPal tip to help support our testing operations; at the very least, please view this site without any ad-blocker. Besides supporting our work, premium visitors get ad-free access to the site and multi-page articles on a single page, among other benefits. Only through advertisements and Phoronix Premium is this site and work able to continue; thanks for your understanding and support. Tweet Page 1 - IntroductionPage 2 - BioShock + CS:GO + Deus Ex MDPage 3 - DiRT Rally + Dota 2 + Mad MaxPage 4 - Metro Redux + Tesseract + OpenArenaPage 5 - Tomb Raider + Unigine Page: 12345Next Page 17 Comments Related Articles Radeon's ROCm 1.5 OpenCL Support Is Working Out Better Linux 4.12 + Mesa 17.2-dev Yields Noticeable Advantages For Radeon Gamers On Ubuntu 17.04 RADV vs. AMDGPU-PRO Vulkan Performance vs. OpenGL In May 2017 Benchmarking The New RadeonSI/Gallium3D Threaded Support Radeon RX 550: AMDGPU-PRO vs. DRM-Next + Mesa 17.2-dev Trending Linux News Android O Developer Preview 2 Released, Android Go Announced Open-Source Windows: ReactOS 0.4.5 Now Available Android Studio 3.0 Preview Release: Kotlin, Java 8 Features MSI's Latest BIOS Updates Working Well For Ryzen NVIDIA Introduces Low-Profile GeForce GT 1030 Latest Linux News Vulkan 1.0.50 Adds New AMD-Developed Extension Glibc / GNU Toolchain Dropping Google NaCl Support Mono 5.0 Rolls Out With Roslyn C# Compiler, Concurrent Garbage Collection KDAB Experimenting With Qt 3D For VR Samsung/Enlightenment Experiment With Wayland In A Widget Chrome OS Is Working To Remove The Last Of Its X11 Dependencies Benchmarks: PostgreSQL 10 Performance Is Looking Good ARB_bindless_texture Patches Posted For RadeonSI Gallium3D Shogun 2 On Linux Will Work With Radeon GPUs On Mesa 17.1, NVIDIA 375+ Intel Working On Thunderbolt Security Levels For Linux, Firmware Updates Latest Featured Articles AMDGPU-PRO 17.10 vs. Linux 4.12 + Mesa 17.2-dev Git Btrfs / EXT4 / F2FS / XFS Benchmarks On The Linux 4.12 Kernel Benchmarking AMD's New AOCC Compiler For Ryzen OpenGL vs. Vulkan With Intel Kabylake On Linux 4.12 + Mesa 17.2-dev Radeon's ROCm 1.5 OpenCL Support Is Working Out Better Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2017 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars TECH Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable MORE Entertainment Science Health Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars Tech   Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable More   Entertainment Science Health Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search New Microsoft Surface Pro leaks, but it still isn’t the 5 Adam Westlake - May 20, 2017 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Microsoft recently stated that it currently had no plans for a Surface Pro 5, however it appears a new Windows 10 tablet is still on the way. Expected to be the center of the company’s May 23rd press event in Shanghai next week, images of a new Surface Pro device have leaked, but this time with no mention of a model number. Instead it appears to be a refreshed or updated version of the existing Surface Pro 4 tablet. While these press images have been revealed, there’s still no details on specs. However, it’s a safe bet that this Surface Pro will feature upgraded internals like Intel’s latest processor, giving the tablet improved battery life and performance similar to Microsoft’s new Surface Laptop. There’s still no USB-C however, but it looks there will be new colors for the Surface Pen and the keyboard cover. Speaking of the latter, the tablet’s optional keyboard is also getting the same Alcantara fabric treatment as the Surface Laptop, with choices of Charcoal, Burgundy, Platinum, or Teal. It makes sense that Microsoft would avoid calling this the Surface Pro 5, since it’s such a modest update, and dropping the model number should help avoid confusing customers going forward. We’ll have to wait until the official announcement to hear details on pricing and release dates. SOURCE Venture Beat Story Timeline These early Surface Pro 5 rumors suggest Microsoft is playing safe The Surface Laptop is a laser-focused attack on Apple's MacBook Microsoft has a big Surface surprise in Shanghai Surface Laptop: The 5 things you really need to know This is how future Surface tablets and pens should work Don't expect Surface Pro 5 anytime soon Tags leakMicrosoftsurface ProTabletWindows 10 Must Read Bits & Bytes 2018 Subaru WRX and WRX STI First Drive: One-two turbocharged punch for street and track Google VS Root: Why SafetyNet is now standard for developers Google Android Themes in O Beta code [Make way for Fuchsia OS] Tim Cook himself is testing the new Apple Watch’s huge medical feature 2018 Acura TLX V6 A-Spec First Drive: Millennial-minded Latest Headlines Facebook is testing a new food ordering option May 20, 2017 iCloud Notes recovered well beyond Apple’s 30-day deletion window May 20, 2017 2018 Subaru WRX and WRX STI First Drive: One-two turbocharged punch for street and track May 20, 2017 Uber engineer told to comply with Waymo lawsuit or risk being fired May 20, 2017 Overwatch director confirms more animated shorts are on the way May 20, 2017 Latest Reviews 808 Audio CANZ Glo portable wireless speaker mini Review May 17, 2017 Go-tcha Review for Pokemon GO [Auto Update Auto-Catch Time!] May 16, 2017 Elgato Stream Deck Review: Too useful just for Twitch streamers May 15, 2017 Lenovo Yoga 720 Review — a slim, premium laptop with Thunderbolt May 10, 2017 Hulu Live TV Review: The promise of good things to come May 7, 2017 Search © 2005-2017 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE ? Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store Classifieds Autos Get the car you’ve always wanted Property Your ideal home is within easy reach Jobs The next step in your career Classifieds Finding, buying & selling made easy Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store SHARES USA May 21, 2017 | Last updated 8 minutes ago 24KGold-- usd---- 9Events innext 7 days   Hot Topics: IPL Business Podcast UAE holidays Gold Rate Weather Horoscope The GN Store UAE News UAE25 Courts3 Crime2 Education1 Emergencies3 Environment Government8 Health5 Culture2 Property Leisure1 Media2 Society7 Tourism Transport2 Weather More12 General top stories in UAE Ramadan's riskiest day on UAE roads Home safety products in the UAE Parents share their home safety tips and tricks Gulf15 Bahrain Kuwait1 Oman2 Qatar Saudi Arabia11 Yemen1 top stories in Gulf Trump wins warm welcome in Riyadh Riyadh plans to wean economy off oil Saudis, US in record $380b deals Mena7 Algeria Djibouti Egypt Eritrea Iran2 Iraq1 Jordan Lebanon Libya1 Mauritania Morocco Palestine Somalia South Sudan Sudan Syria2 Tunisia1 Turkey top stories in Mena Shots fired in air to disperse Tunis protesters Syrian rebels leave their last stronghold Homs Turkey steps up training of Syrian rebel forces Europe4 UK1 Germany2 France1 Italy Spain Netherlands Switzerland Russia Other top stories in Europe Merkel rival vows to fight poll like Macron Germany, Ukraine aim to get back to Minsk deal French defence minister to push EU cooperation Africa2 South Africa Nigeria Kenya Other top stories in Africa Mission unaccomplished: Uganda halts Kony hunt Ivorian economic ‘miracle’ risks becoming mirage Another kidnapped Chibok girl escapes in Nigeria Asia22 Afghanistan3 Australia3 India8 Pakistan3 Philippines Sri Lanka Bangladesh1 China1 Japan North Korea2 South Korea Nepal Other top stories in Asia Propulsion problems put warships out of action Hopes high India, Pakistan mend fences in Astana India to act if triple talaq stays unchanged Americas11 USA9 Canada Mexico1 Brazil1 Argentina Other top stories in Americas Brazil crisis heads into weekend of protests Disturbance on flight brings FBI, fighter jets Times Square attack spurs sidewalk barrier push Offbeat Courts & Crime Education Life & Style News Pictures Sport Business Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus Russia probe zeroes in on top White House official Revelation comes as the investigation appears to be entering a more overtly active phase Published: 17:12 May 20, 2017 Devlin Barrett and Matt Zapotosky, WP   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE Washington: The law enforcement investigation into possible coordination between Russia and the Trump campaign has identified a current White House official as a significant person of interest, showing that the probe is reaching into the highest levels of government, according to people familiar with the matter. The senior White House adviser under scrutiny by investigators is someone close to the president, according to these people, who would not further identify the official. The revelation comes as the investigation appears to be entering a more overtly active phase, with investigators shifting from work that has remained largely hidden from the public to conducting interviews and using a grand jury to issue subpoenas. The intensity of the probe is expected to accelerate in the coming weeks, the people said. The sources emphasised that investigators remain keenly interested in people who previously wielded influence in the Trump campaign and administration but are no longer part of it, including former national security adviser Michael Flynn and former campaign chairman Paul Manafort. Flynn resigned in February after disclosures that he had lied to administration officials about his contacts with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak. Current administration officials who have acknowledged contacts with Russian officials include President Donald Trump’s son-in-law, Jared Kushner, as well as Attorney-General Jeff Sessions and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. People familiar with the investigation said the intensifying effort does not mean that criminal charges are near, or that any such charges will result. Earlier this week, Deputy Attorney-General Rod Rosenstein appointed former FBI director Robert Mueller III to serve as special counsel and lead the investigation into Russian meddling. It is unclear exactly how Mueller’s leadership will affect the direction of the probe, and he is already bringing in new people to work on the team. Those familiar with the case said its significance had increased before Mueller’s appointment. Although the case began quietly last July as an effort to determine whether any Trump associates coordinated with Russian operatives to meddle in the presidential election campaign, the investigative work now being done by the FBI also includes determining whether any financial crimes were committed by people close to the president. The people familiar with the matter said the probe has sharpened into something more fraught for the White House, the FBI and the Justice Department — particularly because of the public steps investigators know they now need to take, the people said. When subpoenas are issued or interviews are requested, it is possible the people being asked to talk or provide documents will reveal publicly what they were asked about. A small group of lawmakers known as the Gang of Eight was notified of the change in tempo and focus in the investigation at a classified briefing Wednesday evening, the people familiar with the matter said. Then-FBI Director James Comey publicly confirmed the existence of the investigation in March. Justice Department spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores said, “I can’t confirm or deny the existence or nonexistence of investigations or targets of investigations.” An FBI spokesman declined to comment. White House spokesman Sean Spicer said, “As the president has stated before, a thorough investigation will confirm that there was no collusion between the campaign and any foreign entity.” While there has been a loud public debate in recent days over the question of whether the president might have attempted to obstruct justice in his private dealings with Comey, whom Trump fired last week, people familiar with the matter said investigators on the case are more focused on Russian influence operations and possible financial crimes. The FBI’s investigation seeks to determine whether and to what extent Trump associates were in contact with Kremlin operatives, what business dealings they might have had in Russia, and whether they in any way facilitated the hacking and publishing of emails from the Democratic National Committee and Hillary Clinton’s campaign chairman, John Podesta, during the presidential campaign. Several congressional committees are also investigating, though their probes could not produce criminal charges. A grand jury in Alexandria, Virginia, recently issued a subpoena for records related to Flynn’s business, the Flynn Intel Group, which was paid more than $500,000 (Dh1.83 million) by a company owned by a Turkish-American businessman close to top Turkish officials, according to people familiar with the matter. The Flynn Intel Group was paid for research on Fethullah Gulen, a cleric who Turkey’s current president believes was responsible for a coup attempt last summer. Flynn retroactively registered with the Justice Department in March as a paid foreign agent for Turkish interests. Separately from the probe now run by Mueller, Flynn is being investigated by the Pentagon’s top watchdog for his foreign payments. Flynn also received $45,000 to appear in 2015 with Russian President Vladimir Putin at a dinner for RT, a Kremlin-controlled media organisation. Flynn discussed US sanctions against Russia with Russia’s ambassador to the United States during the month before Trump took office, and he withheld that fact from the vice-president. That prompted then-acting attorney general Sally Yates to warn the White House’s top lawyer that Flynn might be susceptible to blackmail. Flynn stepped down after The Washington Post reported on the contents of the call. The president has nonetheless seemed to defend his former adviser. A memo by Comey alleged that Trump asked that the probe into Flynn be shut down. More from USA Disturbance on flight brings FBI, fighter jets Times Square attack spurs sidewalk barrier push Comey to testify to senate about Russia trail Indian-origin student found dead in US Weiner pleads guilty in teen ‘sexting’ case Russia probe targets top White House official Trump to give speech on Islam in Saudi Arabia 09:01 am Salman: Trump visit to boost global security tags from this storyHillary Clinton follow this tag on MGNDonald Trump follow this tag on MGNUnited States follow this tag on MGNRussia follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsNewsAmericasUSA tagsHillary Clinton follow this tag on MGN+ MGNDonald Trump follow this tag on MGN+ MGNUnited States follow this tag on MGN+ MGNRussia follow this tag on MGN+ MGN Also In USADisturbance on flight brings FBI, fighter jets Framed Gallery Doors open to a three-day super sale Pics: North Korea’s latest missile launch GNTV Videos PlayWatch: Abdul Aziz Al Ghurair on the economy Family day at Dubai fertility treatment centre Follow us Most Popular ViewedCommentedVideosPictures 01Disturbance on flight brings FBI, fighter jets 02Times Square attack spurs sidewalk barrier push 03Indian-origin student found dead in US Play Watch: Abdul Aziz Al Ghurair on the economy May 18, 2017 Play Family day at Dubai fertility treatment centre May 15, 2017 Play Think Science displays projects by UAE students Apr 20, 2017 Play Chronic parking space shortage in Gold Souq Apr 09, 2017 11Images Doors open to a three-day super sale May 18, 2017 10Images Mohammad Bin Zayed at the White House May 16, 2017 10Images Pics: North Korea’s latest missile launch May 16, 2017 8Images Malaysia seizes 330 exotic tortoises May 16, 2017 USA: Weather today today-weatherNew YorkLos Angeles Miami weather-volume Celcius Fahrenheit Most Popular on Gulf News Man says viral video defamed his mum Ramadan's riskiest day on UAE roads Triple talaq to marry brother-in-law Trump wins warm welcome in Riyadh Kerala woman chops off man's genitals Dubai story behind Aishwarya’s dress Dh33m bonus for Dubai taxi plate owners 10 new schools to open in Dubai Ramadan 2017: All you need to know Close Recommended For You Comey to testify to senate about Russia trailPUBLISHED ON May 20, 2017 Weiner pleads guilty in teen ‘sexting’ case PUBLISHED ON May 20, 2017 Ramadan's riskiest day on UAE roadsPUBLISHED ON May 21, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2017. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing Digital About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump James Comey ObamaCare Just In... 'The Rock', Tom Hanks jokingly announce 2020 presidential ticket on 'SNL' In The Know — 1h 48m ago Baldwin's Trump sings 'Hallelujah' with WH advisers for SNL season finale In The Know — 2h 9m ago Tom Perez: 'Donald Trump has to go' Blog Briefing Room — 3h 39m ago 'The Rock' teases SNL photo of him running in 2020 In The Know — 3h 59m ago Richard Spencer loses gym membership after confrontation Blog Briefing Room — 4h 50m ago Sheriff David Clarke's thesis deleted from school's website after plagiarism accusation Blog Briefing Room — 5h 15m ago Trump stops by Toby Keith concert in golf cart with Saudi King Blog Briefing Room — 5h 43m ago Ex-FBI official withdraws name from consideration to replace Comey: report Blog Briefing Room — 5h 47m ago view all   Still worried about Hillary’s emails? By Ross Rosenfeld, opinion contributor - 05/20/17 08:00 AM EDT 1,501   © Getty Images Question: Now that it’s being reported that Donald TrumpDonald TrumpTom Perez: 'Donald Trump has to go' Trump's 2018 budget would slash EPA spending by 30 percent: report Are American airports really ‘third-world’ in quality? MORE revealed top secret information to Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov and Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak during a meeting at the Oval Office, held without American press right after Trump fired the FBI Director who was leading the investigation into the Russians’ interference in our election and his campaign’s possible involvement, is anyone still worried about Hillary’s emails? During the campaign, Trump repeatedly stated that Hillary ClintonHillary Rodham ClintonBaldwin's Trump sings 'Hallelujah' with WH advisers for SNL season finale Dem rips Trump's claim of historically unfair treatment The Memo: Trump base shows signs of cracking MORE couldn’t be trusted due to her mishandling of State Department emails. And, undoubtedly, Clinton exercised some poor judgment when she chose to use a private email server. Her technological ineptitude would’ve been unlikely to affect her as president. Trump, however, has been a factory of scandal, distrust, and poor judgment. Some examples: 1. Having a high level security meeting in front of Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and a host of guests at Mar-a-Lago. 2. Stating that we were sending an “armada” toward North Korea when our ships were actually headed to Australia. 3. Never releasing his tax returns, which may very well show foreign entanglements. 4. The White House meeting with Devin Nunes, the head of the House Intel committee that should be thoroughly investigating Trump. 5. Michael Flynn. 6. After firing FBI Director Comey in a most bizarre fashion, he publicly threatened him on Twitter. 7. Persistently violating the Emoluments Clause (e.g. his new Washington, D.C., hotel, his failure to divest himself of foreign interests). 8. Firing Sally Yates. 9. He baselessly accused his predecessor, Barack ObamaBarack ObamaMcMaster suggests Trump won’t say ‘radical Islamic terrorism’ in speech Trump gets royal welcome during 'tremendous' Saudi Arabia visit Why is Trump rewarding Saudi war crimes with more weapons? MORE, of wiretapping his phones, causing resources to be used to disprove the nonsensical claim. 10. In order to convince himself that he didn’t really lose the popular vote (he did), he baselessly said that 3 to 5 million undocumented workers voted illegally, and is now seeking government resources to investigate this completely fictional problem. 11. He hung up on the Australian Prime Minister, Malcolm Turnbull. 12. Had the State Department promote Mar-a-Lago. 13. Bragged about not having to read daily briefings (maybe he shouldn’t). 14. He called out a federal judge, James Robart, who placed a hold on Trump’s Muslim ban order. Trump told the public to blame Robart if a terrorist attack occurred, obviously putting Robart in danger and threatening our system of checks and balances. 15. He admitted to Lester Holt that he considered “this Russia thing” when he fired James Comey, and that he had made the decision before Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosentstein’s recommendation, despite the fact that his subordinates had consistently contradicted such an assertion. Need more? There are plenty.  And may I remind you that Trump called for a special prosecutor to investigate Hillary Clinton. In fact, he said that, as president, he would seek one. He also repeatedly praised the FBI and Comey for reopening the Clinton email case.  But a special prosecutor to look into Russia’s interference: No. Cooperating with the FBI: No.  Firing James Comey: Yes. At what point do the people who were supposedly so worried about Hillary Clinton’s trustworthiness give ground?   Ross Rosenfeld is a political pundit who has written for Newsday, the New York Daily News, Charles Scribner's, MacMillan, Newsweek.com, Primedia and The Hill. The views expressed by contributors are their own and are not the views of The Hill.  Tags Hillary Clinton Barack Obama Donald Trump Trump Emails White House Russia Flynn   View the discussion thread. Contributor's Signup Sign up to become a Contributor Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 ACLU: Trump refused to turn over... The court ordered for the memo to be produced on Friday, but the Trump... 602 Shares 2 The Memo: Trump base shows signs... A new Reuters/IPSOS tracking poll, released Friday afternoon, showed the... 403 Shares 3 Ex-FBI official withdraws name... Former FBI official Richard McFeely has reportedly withdrawn his name from... 304 Shares 4 Trump, Cabinet members join in... Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson... 211 Shares 5 Baldwin's Trump sings 'Hallelujah... Alec Baldwin returned to “Saturday Night Live” for the show's season... 132 Shares 6 Congressman threatened with... "You ain't going to impeach nobody. Try it and we will lynch all of you." 121 Shares 7 Comey to testify Trump tried to... Former FBI Director James Comey is expected to testify that he believes... 120 Shares 8 GOP talks of narrowing ‘blue-slip... The change to the “blue-slip rule” would involve preventing individual... 111 Shares 9 Trump ally Roger Stone blasts... "This makes me want to puke." 109 Shares 10 Bush: I predicted Trump would be a... "So far, chaos organizes the presidency." 98 Shares 11 NATO denies chief said Trump ‘has... NATO on Saturday pushed back on a report claiming the group’s secretary... 97 Shares 12 Sheriff David Clarke's thesis... Sheriff David Clarke’s master’s thesis has been removed from the Naval... 88 Shares 13 Richard Spencer loses gym... The gym membership was revoked after a gym-goer confronted Spencer. 85 Shares 14 NBA player claims passport revoked... An NBA player accused the Turkish government of having "cancelled" his... 83 Shares 15 Trump receives Saudi Arabia’s... Saudi Arabia King Salman placed the King Abdulaziz al Saud Collar around... 76 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
Tue, 9 May 2017 Travel News Asia Travel News Asia - Subscribe to Daily Email Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Exclusive HD Video Interviews with VIPs Podcasts of HD Video Interviews - New! Picture Galleries Media Services Book Reviews Travel / Tech Gear Travel Trade Rates Travel Trade Shows Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Travel News Asia - Archives Travel News Asia - About Travel News Asia - Contact Travel News Asia - Twitter Travel News Asia - YouTube Travel News Asia - Home ☰ TravelNewsAsia.com Media Services HD Video Interviews Podcasts Travel News Etihad Aviation Appoints Ray Gammell as Interim Group CEO; Hogan to Leave 1 July 2017 Etihad Aviation Group has appointed Ray Gammell as interim Group CEO, effective immediately. James Hogan, current President and Group CEO, will leave the company on 1 July 2017.  Gammell was Etihad Aviation Group’s Chief People & Performance Officer and has been a member of the Executive Leadership since joining the business in 2009, where he has led the creation of a performance culture across the group. A parallel handover will occur as Ricky Thirion assumes full responsibilities of the Group CFO, James Rigney, who will also leave the company on 1 July 2017. Thirion joined Etihad Airways in 2007 and is the current SVP Group Treasurer. H.E. Mohamed Mubarak Fadhel Al Mazrouei, Chairman of the Board of the Etihad Aviation Group, said, “Ray and Ricky are experienced leaders and have the complete confidence of the Board. Ray will now take full management responsibility for the Etihad Aviation Group, ensure a coordinated group approach, and continue to advance the strategic review that was initiated by the Board in 2016 to reposition the business for continued development in what we anticipate being a prolonged period of challenges for global aviation. We have strengthened our group leadership with recent appointments and are now in the advanced stages of recruitment for a new Group CEO. The Board has been very pleased with the calibre of candidates, and we expect to make an announcement in the next few weeks.” Ray Gammell Ray Gammell was appointed as Interim Group Chief Executive Officer of Etihad Airways Group in May 2017 from his position of Group Chief People and Performance Officer. He joined Etihad in 2009 as a member of the Executive Leadership Team, developing and leading the company’s people strategy to create a performance driven culture, enabling the growth of the business and positioning Etihad as one of the most attractive employers globally and in EMEA. Ray has been responsible for driving the award-winning Emiratisation strategy contributing to the total Emirati workforce of over 3,000 which is the largest nationality among the 154 nationalities at Etihad Aviation Group. Ray has 20 plus years’ leadership experience, gained internationally across the technology, financial and government sectors. He has held executive positions for the Intel Corporation in the US and Ireland, Royal Bank of Scotland, and was an officer in the Irish Armed Forces. He has been a Chief Officer at Etihad Airways for over 8 years. Ray is a chartered fellow at the Chartered Institute of Personnel Development and holds a Masters Degree from University College Dublin. Ricky Thirion Ricky Thirion has overseen the Group Treasury of Etihad since July 2007. His areas of responsibility cover the treasury, corporate and structured finance, tax, insurance, payment solutions and fraud management, as well as the property and infrastructure portfolio. Prior to Etihad, Ricky held roles as Group Treasurer at South African Airways and Managing Director in the Standard Bank Group. Ricky holds a Masters Degree in Mechanical and Aeronautical Engineering and is an Honorary Fellow of the Association of Corporate Treasurers (UK). See other recent news regarding: Etihad, CEO, Abu Dhabi. Subscribe to our Latest Travel News Daily Email Free of Charge by simply entering your email address to the right. You can also stay updated with our RSS Feed and even add the travel news to your website. Have questions? Please read our travel news FAQ.       Sustainable Hotels and MICE Criteo Travel Flash Report Colombian Chef in Singapore Japan Tourism Update Sabre TTX APAC 2016 Destination Spa Management CEO of Travelodge Thailand Myanmar Tourism Update Birth of Luxury Thai Hotel Brand Thai AirAsia X A330-300 PAL President & COO Thai Vietjet A320-200 Qatar Airways B787 Emirates A380 Thai Airways B777-300ER | | | | | | Tweet AirAsia to Launch Daily Ubon Ratchathani - Chiang Mai Flights Air New Zealand Testing AR to Enhance Inflight Service Hainan Airlines First to Adopt Honeywell Tech APAC Airlines Profitability Sustained in 2016 SIA Cargo to Rejoin Singapore Airlines Smiths Detection Launches Checkpoint.Evoplus Bombardier Opens Service Centre at London Biggin Hill Airport Compass Opens Ananda Hua Hin Resort Boeing SES-15 Satellite to Enhance IFE Services Amadeus Launches Destination Insight Bangladesh Hosts 29th Joint Meeting of UNWTO Commissions Honeywell Completes Data Analytics Trial with CX Cyberbit Wins Major Cybersecurity Contract Dusit Signs Mountaintop Resort in Nepal Team from Hong Kong Wins Airbus Competition Amari Opens First Hotel in Malaysia Larry Tchou to Receive HICAP Lifetime Achievement Award Korean Air Making a Difference in Mongolia Air Canada Flights Now Located at LAX T6 Kelly Hoen Appointed AGM at Outrigger Israel Reports Record Number of Tourist Arrivals Iran Air Takes Delivery of Four ATR 72-600s Malindo Air Takes Delivery of Very First Boeing 737 MAX Langham to Rebrand Hotel in Auckland 16th Samui Regatta to Take Place 20-27 May Boeing Inmarsat-5 Satellite to Expand Broadband Services TAT to Hold Seminar at TTM+ in June Flight Centre to Buy Stake in 3Mundi New Partnership to Enhance Safety in Global Aviation Fueling IBM to Accelerate Bombardier's IT Transformation AccorHotels to Acquire FCDE's Stake in Groupe Noctis Vietjet to Launch Daily Hanoi - Yangon Flights Aviation Crisis Management Being Discussed in Bangkok 608,581 APAC Hotel Rooms Under Contract APAC Welcomed Record 597m Foreign Visitors in 2016 Markus Kosch Joins Conrad Guangzhou Assembly of T-X in St Louis to Support 1,800 Jobs Delta Installing Self-Service Bag Drop in Minneapolis American Airlines Appoints SVP - People Emirates' Business Class Deals from Bangkok 580,427 Hotel Rooms Under Contract in USA Scoot to Launch Long Haul Flights; Takes Delivery of B787 with Crew Bunks AirAsia to Establish Airline in China Park Hyatt Opens in Bangkok, Thailand Howard Johnson Opens First Hotel in South Korea Air Canada Rouge Installing High-Speed Internet on A319s Int. Arrivals to Solomon Islands Surpass Target Delta to Launch Daily Rio de Janeiro - NYC Fiji Airways Appoints Marc Cavaliere as CMO UNWTO Executive Council Recommends New Secretary-General Star Alliance Launches Mileage Millionaire Competition Nanuku Auberge Resort Fiji Appoints GM AccorHotels and ICESAP to Launch Accreditation Scheme Dusit to Make Vietnam Debut in December MHG Signs First Avani in New Zealand Delta's Relocation to T2 and T3 at LAX Starts Tonight Air Canada to Launch its Own Loyalty Program in 2020 Delta Expands A321-200 Order; Defers 10 A350 Deliveries Primera Air Orders Eight Boeing 737 MAX 9s Thai Airways Recruiting Cabin Crew Rugby: Scotland and Italy Announce Squads for Singapore Test Show More Travel News Belmond Opens Reservations Office in Manila Shinta Mani Hotels Appoints Executive Chef Hilton Partners UNWTO's Year of Sustainable Tourism Scott Dunn Opens Regional HQ in Singapore Carlson Rezidor Appoints EVP Rugby: HK Name Squad Ahead of ARC Tie with Japan Skye Hotel Suites in Sydney to Open August Park Plaza Noida Rebrands as Radisson Noida Thai AirAsia Reports Q1 Net Profit of Baht 570m Korea Airports Expands Use of ARINC vMUSE SIA Charity Run 2017 to Take Place 8 October Third Global 7000 Completes Maiden Flight Amadeus to Boost Presence in Indonesia Cycling: SpiceRoads Updates Brand Identity Tourism Security Discussed in Madrid Shinta Mani Appoints Corporate DOSM Qatar Cargo to Open Transit Facility; Launch LHR Flights Philippines to Host UNWTO Conference on Tourism Statistics SilkAir Upgrades Inflight Entertainment System Turkish Airlines Offering Laptop to Business Class Cebu Pacific Thrilled with New Puerto Princesa Airport Four Seasons Kuwait Now Accepting Reservations IndiGo Signs Deal for 50 ATR 72-600s Airbus Begins Production of First US Built A320 Leonardo Partners UK Royal Air Force's New RCO Qatar Airways Launches Yanbu Flights Delta and Aeromexico Launch JCA RBH to Manage London Luton Airport Hotel Somerset Ekamai Bangkok Set to Open 181 Units on 15 May New Ticket Options for 2017 Singapore F1 Grand Prix Etihad Aviation Names Interim Group CEO Latest Trends of Chinese Travellers Tokyo Creates New Logo to Promote City Northstar Acquires BHN's Hotel Investment Events Sofitel Singapore City Centre Appoints Executive Chef USAF Completes Test Flight of Talon HATE American Appoints SVP Los Angeles Thai Airways Receives New AOC AccorHotels Opens Mercure Bangkok Makkasan Movenpick Signs Hotel in Sylhet, Bangladesh A350-1000 Completes Fuel Tests in Wales Qatar Airways Official Airline of FIFA Until 2022 First Italian-Built F-35B Rolls Out of Production AA Increases Flights to Amsterdam, Barcelona and Rome STR to Help CHTA Advance Caribbean Hotel Performance UNWTO Publishes New Report on LGBT Tourism Record Number of Aircraft Movements and Cargo at HIA Hotel de Crillon in Paris to Reopen 5 July Etihad Airways Increases Kozhikode Flights Rezidor and Carlson Create Global Steering Committee ReviewPro Appoints VP of Sales North America Taleb Rifai Thanks Outgoing WTTC President Ascott Buys Hotel Central Fifth Avenue New York Singapore Airlines Operating Green Package Flights Airline Industry Improves Baggage Handling Scoot-Tiger Signs Distribution Agreement with Sabre Changi's T4 to Have Over 80 Outlets Hotels in London Report Record Q1 RevPAR Micasa Hotel Apartments Yangon to Rebrand Boeing KC-46A Tanker Joins Flight Test Program What's Going to Happen to The Dusit Thani Bangkok Hotel? HD Video Interview Aviation with AirAsia and Emirates - HD Video from GSBKK Free Hotel in Doha with a Qatar Stopover Vietjet to Launch Hanoi - Dong Hoi Flights Finnair to Increase Capacity to Several Lapland Airports Stopover in Abu Dhabi with Etihad Airways Cathay Pacific to Serve More Betsy Beer Jet Airways to Launch Chennai - Paris and Bengaluru - Amsterdam Marriott Expands Modular Construction Initiative Ilyushin Finance Orders One More Q400 for Jambojet Buenos Aires to Host WTTC Global Summit Emirates Opens New Airport Lounge in Bangkok Shangri-La Opens Kerry Hotel, Hong Kong Hong Kong Airlines to Resume Saigon Flights Etihad to Upgrade Sydney Flights with A380 Air China to Launch Beijing-Astana and Beijing-Zurich Wow Air Takes Delivery of Airbus A320neo EAG Appoints MD of Hala Group Gulf Air to Get First B787-9 in April 2018 Dusit Signs Chatuchak Market Hotel MHG Opens Avani Hotel in Lisbon, Portugal Vietjet Launches Singapore - Hanoi China Southern Signs Deal for 20 A350-900s AirAsia Launches KL - Bhubaneswar, India Element Kuala Lumpur Appoints GM Transport Canada and EASA Award Steep Approach Certs to CS100 Opening Press Con of WTTC Global Summit 2017 APAC Airlines Carried 25.5m Pax in March Thai AirAsia to Launch Daily Bangkok - Danang Flights David Scowsill to Leave WTTC in June BA's Multi-Million GBP Re-Design of New York JFK T7 New Primary Flight Display for Commercial Aviation JAC Launches First ATR 42-600 Flights Bangkok Airways Launches Bike On Board Service Thai Airways Expands Codeshare with Thai Smile Qatar Cargo to Launch Fourth Pharma Express Service from Basel Ascott Opens Citadines in Makassar, Indonesia Movenpick Signs First Resort in Maldives Etihad Appoints CEO Airline Equity Partners Air Astana to Increase Flights to Key Destinations Second Boeing T-X Aircraft Begins Test Flights Asiana Takes Delivery of First A350-900 Rockwell Collins Launches New Flight Data Display Etihad to Operate Year-Round A380 Flights to Paris Travelport Appoints New VP of PR and Corporate Comms AccorHotels Opens Novotel Bangkok Sukhumvit 20 Hilton Opens Resort in Jiuzhaigou, China Global Standards, Cooperation and Data Key to Keeping Aviation Safe HMH Appoints Aboudi Asali as CEO Exec Appointments at The Murray, HK Hotel Vic in Hong Kong Appoints GM / DOSM Air Canada Participating in Biofuel Project EU Hotel Industry Reports Q1 Increase in ADR, OR & RevPAR Israel Reports 49% Increase in Arrivals from India Qatar Airways to Launch Third Daily Flight to Bali, Indonesia Thai AirAsia Receives AOC Re-Certification from CAAT APAC Hotels Report Q1 2017 Increase in RevPAR Special NZ Welcome Planned for British & Irish Lions Dorsett to Transform Shepherd's Bush Palladium in London London City Airport Looking for New CEO Bombardier Appoints Chief Information Officer Outrigger Appoints Account Director SEA PAL to Enhance Passenger Experience with Crew Tab Bologna Airport Installs Scan&Fly Bag Drop SAS to Launch Flights to Eilat, Israel Holiday Inn Bellingham First to Feature H4 Design Roshan Mendis Moving to London as Sabre's SVP Fiji Airways Celebrates HK7s Victory with Promotion Cathay Pacific to Increase and Upgrade Flights to Manchester IATA Questions New US and UK Security Measures Pictures from Hong Kong Sevens 2017 HK7s and The Park Lane HK, a Pullman Hotel - HD Video Interview Pictures of 2017 King's Cup Elephant Polo Future of Avani Hotels - HD Video Interview with Group Director Travelodge Hotels Asia HD Video Interview Margarita Forés - Interview with Asia's Best Female Chef Ascott's Brands and Expansion Plans - HD Video Interview HD Videos from AAPA's 60th Assembly of Presidents Rice Cutting Ceremony in Ku Ka Sing, Thailand Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Travel News Asia - HD Videos / Interviews Travel News Asia - Podcasts of Interviews Travel News Asia - High-Res Picture Galleries Travel News Asia - Subscribe to Email Travel News Asia - Twitter Travel News Asia - YouTube Travel News Asia - Archives Travel News Asia - Home Page Show Less Travel News | | | | | | Tweet Latest Travel News AirAsia to Launch Daily Ubon Ratchathani - Chiang Mai Flights Air New Zealand Testing AR to Enhance Inflight Service Hainan Airlines First to Adopt Honeywell Tech APAC Airlines Profitability Sustained SIA Cargo to Rejoin Singapore Airlines Smiths Launches Checkpoint.Evoplus Bombardier Opens Service Centre at London Biggin Hill Ananda Resort Opens in Hua Hin, Thailand Boeing SES-15 Satellite to Enhance IFE Services Amadeus Launches Destination Insight Bangladesh Hosts 29th Joint Meeting of UNWTO Commissions Honeywell Completes Data Analytics Trial Cyberbit Wins Major Cybersecurity Contract Dusit Signs Mountain Resort in Nepal Team from HK Wins Airbus Competition Amari Opens First Hotel in Malaysia Larry Tchou to Receive HICAP Lifetime Achievement Award Korean Air Making a Difference in Mongolia Air Canada Flights Now at LAX T6 Kelly Hoen Appointed AGM at Outrigger Israel Reports Record Number of Arrivals Iran Air Takes Delivery of Four ATR 72-600s Malindo Air Takes Delivery of Very First Boeing 737 MAX Langham to Rebrand Hotel in Auckland 16th Samui Regatta to Take Place 20-27 May Boeing Inmarsat-5 Satellite to Expand Broadband Services TAT to Hold Seminar at TTM+ in June Flight Centre to Buy Stake in 3Mundi New Partnership to Enhance Safety in Global Aviation Fueling IBM to Accelerate Bombardier's IT Transformation AccorHotels to Acquire FCDE's Stake in Groupe Noctis Vietjet to Launch Daily Hanoi - Yangon Flights Aviation Crisis Management Being Discussed in Bangkok 608,581 APAC Hotel Rooms Under Contract APAC Welcomed Record 597m Foreign Visitors in 2016 Markus Kosch Joins Conrad Guangzhou Assembly of T-X in St Louis to Support 1,800 Jobs Delta Installing Self-Service Bag Drop in Minneapolis American Airlines Appoints SVP - People Emirates' Business Class Deals from Bangkok 580,427 Hotel Rooms Under Contract in USA Scoot to Launch Long Haul Flights; Takes Delivery of B787 with Crew Bunks AirAsia to Establish Airline in China Park Hyatt Opens in Bangkok, Thailand Howard Johnson Opens First Hotel in South Korea Air Canada Rouge Installing High-Speed Internet on A319s Int. Arrivals to Solomon Islands Surpass Target Delta to Launch Daily Rio de Janeiro - NYC Fiji Airways Appoints Marc Cavaliere as CMO UNWTO Executive Council Recommends New Secretary-General Star Alliance Launches Mileage Millionaire Competition Nanuku Auberge Resort Fiji Appoints GM AccorHotels and ICESAP to Launch Accreditation Scheme Dusit to Make Vietnam Debut in December MHG Signs First Avani in New Zealand Delta's Relocation to T2 and T3 at LAX Starts Tonight Air Canada to Launch its Own Loyalty Program in 2020 Delta Expands A321-200 Order; Defers 10 A350 Deliveries Primera Air Orders Eight Boeing 737 MAX 9s Thai Airways Recruiting Cabin Crew Rugby: Scotland and Italy Announce Squads for Singapore Test Belmond Opens Reservations Office in Manila Shinta Mani Hotels Appoints Executive Chef Hilton Partners UNWTO's Year of Sustainable Tourism Scott Dunn Opens Regional HQ in Singapore Carlson Rezidor Appoints EVP Rugby: HK Name Squad Ahead of ARC Tie with Japan Skye Hotel Suites in Sydney to Open August Park Plaza Noida Rebrands as Radisson Noida Thai AirAsia Reports Q1 Net Profit of Baht 570m Korea Airports Expands Use of ARINC vMUSE SIA Charity Run 2017 to Take Place 8 October Third Global 7000 Completes Maiden Flight Amadeus to Boost Presence in Indonesia Cycling: SpiceRoads Updates Brand Identity Tourism Security Discussed in Madrid Shinta Mani Appoints Corporate DOSM Qatar Cargo to Open Transit Facility; Launch LHR Flights Philippines to Host UNWTO Conference on Tourism Statistics SilkAir Upgrades Inflight Entertainment System Turkish Airlines Offering Laptop to Business Class Cebu Pacific Thrilled with New Puerto Princesa Airport Four Seasons Kuwait Now Accepting Reservations IndiGo Signs Deal for 50 ATR 72-600s Airbus Begins Production of First US Built A320 Leonardo Partners UK Royal Air Force's New RCO Qatar Airways Launches Yanbu Flights Delta and Aeromexico Launch JCA RBH to Manage London Luton Airport Hotel Somerset Ekamai Bangkok Set to Open 181 Units on 15 May New Ticket Options for 2017 Singapore F1 Grand Prix Etihad Aviation Names Interim Group CEO Latest Trends of Chinese Travellers Tokyo Creates New Logo to Promote City Northstar Acquires BHN's Hotel Investment Events Sofitel Singapore City Centre Appoints Executive Chef USAF Completes Test Flight of Talon HATE American Appoints SVP Los Angeles Thai Airways Receives New AOC AccorHotels Opens Mercure Bangkok Makkasan Movenpick Signs Hotel in Sylhet, Bangladesh A350-1000 Completes Fuel Tests in Wales Qatar Airways Official Airline of FIFA Until 2022 First Italian-Built F-35B Rolls Out of Production AA Increases Flights to Amsterdam, Barcelona and Rome STR to Help CHTA Advance Caribbean Hotel Performance UNWTO Publishes New Report on LGBT Tourism Record Number of Aircraft Movements and Cargo at HIA Hotel de Crillon in Paris to Reopen 5 July Etihad Airways Increases Kozhikode Flights Rezidor and Carlson Create Global Steering Committee ReviewPro Appoints VP of Sales North America Taleb Rifai Thanks Outgoing WTTC President Ascott Buys Hotel Central Fifth Avenue New York Singapore Airlines Operating Green Package Flights Airline Industry Improves Baggage Handling Scoot-Tiger Signs Distribution Agreement with Sabre Changi's T4 to Have Over 80 Outlets Hotels in London Report Record Q1 RevPAR Micasa Hotel Apartments Yangon to Rebrand Boeing KC-46A Tanker Joins Flight Test Program What's Going to Happen to The Dusit Thani Bangkok Hotel? Aviation with AirAsia and Emirates - HD Video from GSBKK Special NZ Welcome Planned for British & Irish Lions HK7s and The Park Lane HK, a Pullman Hotel - HD Video Interview IATA Questions New US and UK Security Measures High-Res Pictures of Hong Kong Sevens Pictures of 2017 King's Cup Elephant Polo Future of Avani Hotels - HD Video Interview with Group Director Travelodge Hotels Asia HD Video Interview Margarita Forés - Interview with Asia's Best Female Chef Ascott's Brands and Expansion Plans - HD Video Interview HD Videos from AAPA's 60th Assembly of Presidents Rice Cutting Ceremony in Ku Ka Sing, TH HD Videos and Interviews Podcasts from HD Video Interviews High-Res Picture Galleries Travel News Asia - Home Page Advertising Advertising Advertise Here Share This Page | | | Tweet Latest HD Videos Advertising Latest Picture Galleries Other Topics Book Reviews Cambodia Foreign Currency Dubai Hong Kong Hong Kong Sevens Indonesia Japan Kan Tiang Beach Lanta Latest Travel News Media Services Philippines Picture Galleries Pimalai Divers - Lanta Podcasts - New Singapore Thailand Travel News Archives Travel Technology Travel Tips Travel Trade Rates Travel Trade Shows Videos - HD Vietnam Contact Details | Privacy | About Us | TravelNewsAsia.com Copyright © 1997-2017 ASIATravelTips.com / TravelNewsAsia.com Copyright © 1997-2017 ASIATravelTips.com/TravelNewsAsia.com
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City Name Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting VRtually There More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost VRtually There Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 6325 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Royal welcome for Trump in Saudi Arabia as troubles mount at home The president, who met with King Salman, hopes his five-stop foreign tour will unite the world against terrorism — and distract from bad headlines back home. Post to Facebook Royal welcome for Trump in Saudi Arabia as troubles mount at home The president, who met with King Salman, hopes his five-stop foreign tour will unite the world against terrorism — and distract from bad headlines back home.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: https://usat.ly/2qDJt9W {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 483 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Royal welcome for Trump in Saudi Arabia as troubles mount at home Gregory Korte , USA TODAY Published 3:11 a.m. ET May 20, 2017 | Updated 12 hours ago President Trump holds a sword and sways with traditional dancers during a welcome ceremony at Murabba Palace in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia , Saturday. (Photo: Evan Vucci, AP) 6325 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 483 COMMENTEMAILMORE RIYADH, Saudi Arabia — President Trump got the royal treatment in Saudi Arabia on Saturday, receiving a lavish welcome that he hopes can erase two weeks of bad headlines, refocus his presidency and unite allies against terrorism. Day one of his nine-day foreign trip — his first as president — saw the signing of arms sales agreements and discussions on trade, terrorism, Iran and the wars in Syria and Yemen. In a blitz of pre-negotiated dealmaking, Trump and the Saudi king signed eight different agreements approving almost $110 billion in arms sales to Saudi Arabia. The kingdom also approved 23 foreign investment export licenses with U.S. companies, bringing the total amount of investments to $350 billion over 10 years. The arms deals included a Jane's catalog of military equipment, the State Department said: Tanks, artillery, counter-mortar radars, armored personnel carriers, helicopters, ships, patrol boats, aircraft and missile defenses. ("Just what the Middle East needs — $110 billion more in weapons," Sen. Chris Murphy, D-Conn., retorted in the Huffington Post.) But the first day of Trump's five-stop overseas trip was dominated by a series of highly choreographed ceremonies, beginning with an elaborate red-carpet arrival and ending with a traditional sword dance at the historic Murabba Palace. The Saudi king, Custodian of the Two Holy Mosques Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud, greeted the presidential plane in the 101-degree heat as a brass band played, cannons boomed and seven Saudi jets flew overhead trailing red, white and blue smoke. It was a notable contrast from President Obama's last visit to the kingdom, when King Salman delegated the task of greeting the president to a distant nephew, a provincial governor, amid tensions between the two countries over the Iran nuclear deal. At an elaborate ceremony at the Saudi Royal Court, Trump bowed to receive the King Abdul Aziz Collar, a medal considered to the kingdom's highest honor — something Trump criticized Obama for years ago. White House aides appeared to be in good spirits, with Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner giving National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster a high-five between meetings. After dinner, Trump participated in dancing diplomacy, joining the Arabian ardah with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Trump begins first foreign trip with visit to Saudi Arabia  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. President Trump waits for the beginning of a bilateral meeting with Saudi King Salam at the Royal Court Palace, on May 20, 2017, in Riyadh. From left are, White House chief of staff Reince Priebus, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, Trump, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, White House senior adviser Jared Kushner, and Chief Economic Adviser Gary Cohn. President Trump is on an official visit to Saudi Arabia, the first stop of his first foreign trip as president, visiting Saudi Arabia, Israel, Vatican, and a pair of summits in Brussels and Sicily.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen President Trump talks with Saudi King Salman during a presentation ceremony of The Collar of Abdulaziz Al Saud Medal at the Royal Court Palace on May 20, 2017, in Riyadh.   Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen First lady Melania Trump talks with Saudi Crown Prince Muhammad bin Nayef during a ceremony to present The Collar of Abdulaziz Al Saud Medal to President Trump, at the Royal Court Palace on May 20, 2017, in Riyadh.   Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen President Trump (C) receives the Order of Abdulaziz al-Saud medal from Saudi Arabia's King Salman bin Abdulaziz al-Saud (R) at the Saudi Royal Court in Riyadh on May 20, 2017.  Mandel Ngan, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Saudi Arabia's King Salman bin Abdulaziz al-Saud (2nd R), US President Donald Trump (2nd L) and US First Lady Melania Trump (L) look at a display of Saudi modern art at the Saudi Royal Court in Riyadh on May 20, 2017.   Mandel Ngan, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Journalists follow the news of President Trump's visit on a monitor in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia on May 20, 2017.  European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen White House senior adviser Jared Kushner, right, walks with Ivanka Trump at the Royal Court Palace onMay 20, 2017, in Riyadh.   Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen President Trump and first lady Melania Trump arrive at the Royal Terminal of King Khalid International Airport, on May 20, 2017, in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen President Trump waves as he boards Air Force One at Andrews Air Force Base, Md. onMay 19, 2017, for his first foreign trip as president, visiting Saudi Arabia, Israel, Vatican, and a pair of summits in Brussels and Sicily.   Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen President Trump (C) and First Lady Melania Trump (R) are bid farewell by Vice President Pence (L) before the President and the First Lady depart the South Lawn of the White House by Marine One, in Washington, DC on May 19, 2017.  Michael Reynolds, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 10 2 of 10 3 of 10 4 of 10 5 of 10 6 of 10 7 of 10 8 of 10 9 of 10 10 of 10 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Trump called the day "tremendous" and said it would result in "hundreds of billions of dollars of investments into the United States and jobs, jobs, jobs." But the journey comes as Trump faces mounting questions about his firing of FBI Director James Comey, who was investigating his campaign's links to the Russian government. Trump avoided questions about the affair all day, and White House press secretary Sean Spicer did not brief reporters. White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus told reporters aboard Air Force One that Trump got very little sleep during the 12-hour, 20-minute overnight flight from Washington, passing the time by reading newspapers and talking to staff. While Air Force One was in the air, news organizations reported a string of damaging revelations: The New York Times reported Trump told Russian diplomats that Comey was a "nut job," and that his firing would ease the pressure on the Russia investigation. The Washington Post reported a high-ranking White House aide was a "person of interest" in the probe. Later, CNN reported Russian officials boasted of their influence with former national security adviser Michael Flynn, and White House lawyers were preparing for impeachment "just in case." Trump used the flight to work on his much-heralded speech to Muslim leaders Sunday, Spicer said. The White House considers the speech a centerpiece of the visit and an opportunity to rally Arab allies in the battle against the Islamic State. According to a draft obtained by the Associated Press, Trump will abandon some of the harsher anti-Muslim rhetoric of the political campaign, describing the war against terrorism as a "battle between good and evil" but "not a battle between different faiths, different sects or different civilizations." Deputy press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said the draft was just one of five different versions of the speech being written by various aides, and that the president hadn't decided on a final version. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn The Trump presidency: A new era in Washington  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Trump responds to a question from a member of the news media during a joint news conference with Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos in the East Room of the White House on May 18, 2017.  Michael Reynolds, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump boards Air Force One at Andrews Air Force Base on May 17, 2017, en route to the U.S. Coast Guard Academy in New London, Conn., for a commencement address.  Susan Walsh, AP Fullscreen Trump meets with Henry Kissinger in the Oval Office on May 10, 2017.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen President Trump, Speaker Paul Ryan and other congressional Republicans celebrate in the Rose Garden of the White House following the House vote to repeal Obamacare on May 4, 2017.  Mandel Ngan, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump pauses as he speaks at the Pennsylvania Farm Show Complex and Expo Center in Harrisburg, Pa., on April, 29, 2017.  Carolyn Kaster, AP Fullscreen President Trump speaks during the National Rifle Association-ILA Leadership Forum on April 28, 2017, in Atlanta.  Mike Stewart, AP Fullscreen Secretary of the Interior Ryan Zinke listens while Trump speaks before signing an executive order to review the Antiquities Act at the Department of the Interior on April 26, 2017.  Brendan Smialowski, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump prepares to award a Purple Heart to U.S. Army Sgt. 1st Class Alvaro Barrientos, with first lady Melania Trump, right, and Tammy Barrientos, second from right, at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center on April 22, 2017, in Bethesda, Md.  Alex Brandon, AP Fullscreen Trump waves as he and Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin walk from the White House to the U.S. Treasury Department on April 21, 2017.  Jim Watson, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen President Trump greets Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni as he arrives at the West Wing of the White House on April 20, 2017.  Andrew Harnik, AP Fullscreen New England Patriots head coach Bill Belichick, President Trump, Patriots owner Robert Kraft and Patriots President Jonathan Kraft stand with Patriots players as Trump holds a team helmet at a ceremony honoring the Patriots as Super Bowl champions on the South Lawn at the White House on April 19, 2017.  Geoff Burke, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Trump joins attendees at the Easter Egg Roll to write notes to servicemembers on the South Lawn of the White House on April 17, 2017.  Brendan Smialowski, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump steps off Air Force One as he arrives at Palm Beach International Airport on April 13, 2017.  Richard Graulich, AP Fullscreen Trump speaks in the Rose Garden of the White House on April 10, 2017, at the swearing-in ceremony for Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump pumps his fist as he and Chinese President Xi Jinping walk together at the Mar-a-Lago estate in West Palm Beach, Fla., on April 7, 2017.  Jim Watson, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen President Trump walks to the podium to speak about the missile strike on Syria on April 6, 2017, at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach, Fla.  Alex Brandon, AP Fullscreen Trump speaks during a Wounded Warriors event in the East Room of the White House on April 6, 2017.  Brendan Smialowski, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen President Trump and Jordan's King Abdullah II hold a news conference in the Rose Garden at the White House on April 5, 2017.  Andrew Harnik, AP Fullscreen President Trump speaks about trade as Vice President Pence looks on before signing executive orders in the Oval Office on March 31, 2017.  Olivier Douliery, Pool/European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen President Trump shakes hands with New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie during an opioid and drug abuse listening session in the Roosevelt Room on March 29, 2017.  Shawn Thew, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen President Trump, flanked by Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price and Vice President Pence, speaks about the health care overhaul bill on March 24, 2017, in the Oval Office.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen Trump gets in the driver's seat of an 18-wheeler while meeting with truck drivers and trucking CEOs on the South Portico prior to their meeting to discuss health care at the White House on March 23, 2017.  Jim Lo Scalzo, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen President Trump speaks during a meeting with Congressional Black Caucus members in the Cabinet Room at the White House on March 22, 2017.  Chip Somodevilla, Pool/European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump holds a NASA flight jacket presented to him by NASA Astronaut Office Chief Chris Cassidy after signing the NASA Transition Authorization Act of 2017 in the Oval Office on March 21, 2017.  Bill Ingalls, NASA/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump and Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price arrive on Capitol Hill on March 21, 2017, to meet with GOP lawmakers on the Republican health care overhaul.  J. Scott Applewhite, AP Fullscreen Trump speaks to reporters onboard Air Force One before departing from Palm Beach International Airport in West Palm Beach, Fla., on March 19, 2017.  Mandel Ngan, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump and German Chancellor Angela Merkel walk down the Cross Hall to enter the East Room for a joint press conference at the White House on March 17, 2017.  Michael Reynolds, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump talks with House Speaker Paul Ryan on Capitol Hill on March 16, 2017, during a "Friends of Ireland" luncheon.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump speaks to auto workers at the American Center for Mobility on March 15, 2017, in Ypsilanti, Mich.  Bill Pugliano, Getty Images Fullscreen Trump holds up a note and drawing depicting him that was created by the child of Greg Knox of Ohio during a meeting on health care in the Roosevelt Room on March 13, 2017.  MIchael Reynolds, Pool, Getty Images Fullscreen Trump holds a National Economic Council listening session with the CEOs of community banks in the Roosevelt Room of the White House on March 9, 2017.  Kevin Dietsch, Pool/European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump gestures as he surprises visitors during the official reopening of public tours at the White House on March 7, 2017.  Jim Watson, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump walks with grandchildren Arabella Kushner and Joseph Kushner, holding a model of Marine One, across the South Lawn of the White House on March 3, 2017, before boarding Marine One helicopter for the short flight to nearby Andrews Air Force Base.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen Trump tours the Combat Direction Center on the pre-commissioned USS Gerald R. Ford aircraft carrier in Newport News, Va., on March 2, 2017.  Saul Loeb, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump has lunch with Congressional Republican leaders, including Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and House Speaker Paul Ryan, in the Roosevelt Room of the White House on March 1, 2017.  Erik S. Lesser, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen President Trump speaks before a joint session of Congress on Feb. 28, 2017.  Jack Gruber, USA TODAY Fullscreen Trump holds up an executive order to bolster historically black colleges and universities after signing it in the Oval Office on Feb. 28, 2017.  Jim Watson, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump makes a toast during a dinner reception for the annual National Governors Association winter meeting on Feb. 26, 2017, in the State Dining Room of the White House.  Manuel Balce Ceneta, AP Fullscreen Trump and Pence arrive for a meeting with manufacturing executives at the White House on Feb. 23, 2017.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin listens at right as Trump speaks during a meeting on the federal budget on Feb. 22, 2017, in the Roosevelt Room of the White House.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump reaches out to shake hands with Army Lt. Gen. H.R. McMaster at his Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach, Fla., on Feb. 20, 2017, where Trump announced that McMaster will be the new national security adviser.  Susan Walsh, AP Fullscreen The Trumps attend a campaign-style rally on Feb. 18, 2017, in Melbourne, Fla.  Chris O'Meara, AP Fullscreen President Trump walks with his grandchildren Arabella Kushner and Joseph Kushner to Marine One on the South Lawn of the White House on Feb. 17, 2017.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump speaks during a news conference on Feb. 16, 2017, in the East Room of the White House.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu shake hands during a joint news conference in the East Room of the White House on Feb. 15, 2017.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen Trump meets with retail industry leaders in the Roosevelt Room of the White House on Feb. 15, 2017.  Saul Loeb, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump and Education Secretary Betsy DeVos attend a meeting with parents and teachers on Feb. 14, 2017, in the Roosevelt Room of the White House.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump looks on as Steven Mnuchin is sworn in as Treasury secretary on Feb. 13, 2017.  Alex Wong, Getty Images Fullscreen Trump meets with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau in the Oval Office on Feb. 13, 2017.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump walks from Marine One on the South Lawn of the White House as he returns from his weekend trip to Mar-a-Lago on Feb. 12, 2017.  Molly Riley, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe listen to the translator after they both made statements about North Korea at Mar-a-Lago on Feb. 11, 2017.  Susan Walsh, AP Fullscreen President Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, accompanied by their wives, first lady Melania Trump and Akie Abe, wave before boarding Air Force One at Andrews Air Force Base on Feb. 10, 2017.  Jose Luis Magana, AP Fullscreen President Trump speaks to Democratic and Republican senators about Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch in the Roosevelt Room on Feb. 9, 2017.  Pool, Getty Images Fullscreen Trump arrives for a meeting with airline executives on Feb. 9, 2017.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Intel CEO Brian Krzanich speaks during a meeting with Trump on Feb. 8, 2017, where Intel announced an investment of $7 billion to build a factory in Chandler, Ariz., to create advanced semi-conductor chips.  Chris Kleponis, Pool/European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump holds up a gift given to him by county sheriffs following a meeting as they pose for photos in the Oval Office on Feb. 7, 2017.  Saul Loeb, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen President Trump has lunch with troops during a visit to the U.S. Central Command at MacDill Air Force Base on Feb. 6, 2017, in Tampa, Fla.  Mandel Ngan, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen The Trumps watch the Super Bowl at a party at Trump International Golf Club in West Palm Beach, Fla., on Feb. 5, 2017.  Susan Walsh, AP Fullscreen The Trumps arrive for the 60th Annual Red Cross Gala at his Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach, Fla., on on Feb. 4, 2017.  Mandel Ngan, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen President Trump walks with first lady Melania Trump on the tarmac after he arrived on Air Force One at the Palm Beach International Airport for a visit to Mar-a-Lago on Feb. 3, 2017.  Joe Raedle, Getty Images Fullscreen Trump speaks during the beginning of a policy and strategy forum with business executives in the State Dining Room of the White House on Feb. 3, 2017.  Brendan Smialowski, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus and Vice President Pence look on as Trump speaks briefly to reporters after greeting Harley Davidson executives on the South Lawn of the White House on Feb. 2, 2017.  Drew Angerer, Getty Images Fullscreen Television producer Mark Burnett, left, and Sen. John Boozman, R-Ark., look on as Trump waves upon his arrival for the National Prayer Breakfast on Feb. 2, 2017, in Washington.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump shakes hands with Neil Gorsuch, his Supreme Court nominee, in the East Room of the White House on Jan. 31, 2017.  Michael Reynolds, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen President Trump meets with small-business leaders in the Roosevelt Room of the White House on Jan. 30, 2017.  Jim Lo Scalzo, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen President Trump speaks on the phone with German Chancellor Angela Merkel in the Oval Office on Jan. 28, 2017.  Michael Reynolds, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump shakes hands with Defense Secretary James Mattis during an event at the Pentagon on Jan. 27, 2017. Vice President Pence is at right.  Susan Walsh, AP Fullscreen Trump greets British Prime Minister Theresa May as she arrives at the White House on Jan. 27, 2017.  Shawn Thew, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell watch as President Trump arrives to speak to House and Senate GOP lawmakers at the annual policy retreat in Philadelphia on Jan. 26, 2017.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen Trump boards Air Force One at Andrews Air Force Base in Maryland on Jan. 26, 2017, as he departed to attend a Republican congressional retreat in Philadelphia.  Nicholas Kamm, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump, accompanied by Vice President Mike Pence, gives a thumbs-up on Jan. 25, 2017, at the White House.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen Trump reads from one of the executive orders he signed during a visit to the Department of Homeland Security with Vice President Mike Pence, Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly and other officials in Washington on Jan. 25, 2017.  Chip Somodevilla, Pool/European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump arrives for meeting with automobile leaders in the Roosevelt Room of the White House on Jan. 24, 2017.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen Trump displays one of five executive actions he signed in the Oval Office on Jan. 24, 2017.  Shawn Thew, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump speaks during a reception for House and Senate leaders in the the State Dining Room of the White House on Jan. 23, 2017.  Susan Walsh, AP Fullscreen Trump signs executive actions in the Oval Office on Jan. 23, 2017.  Saul Loeb, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump meets with business leaders on Jan. 23, 2017, in the Roosevelt Room.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen President Trump holds a letter left for him by former president Barack Obama as Vice President Pence looks on before the swearing-in of the White House senior staff on Jan. 22, 2017.  Mandel Ngan, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump speaks at the CIA headquarters in Langley, Va., on Jan. 21, 2017.  Andrew Harnik, AP Fullscreen The Trumps arrive for a National Prayer Service at the National Cathedral on Jan. 21, 2017.  Andrew Harnik, AP Fullscreen The Trumps and Pences attend the Freedom Ball on Jan. 20, 2017.  Kevin Dietsch, Pool/European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump is joined by the congressional leadership and his family as he formally signs his cabinet nominations into law in the Presidents Room of the Senate on Jan. 20, 2017.  J. Scott Applewhite, Pool Photo-USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Trump and Obama arrive for Trump's inauguration luncheon at the Capitol.  J. Scott Applewhite, Pool Fullscreen The Trumps and Obamas stand on the steps of the U.S. Capitol on Jan. 20, 2017.  Rob Carr, Getty Images Fullscreen Trump delivers his inaugural address on Jan. 20, 2017, on the west front of the U.S. Capitol  Porter Binks, USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 85 2 of 85 3 of 85 4 of 85 5 of 85 6 of 85 7 of 85 8 of 85 9 of 85 10 of 85 11 of 85 12 of 85 13 of 85 14 of 85 15 of 85 16 of 85 17 of 85 18 of 85 19 of 85 20 of 85 21 of 85 22 of 85 23 of 85 24 of 85 25 of 85 26 of 85 27 of 85 28 of 85 29 of 85 30 of 85 31 of 85 32 of 85 33 of 85 34 of 85 35 of 85 36 of 85 37 of 85 38 of 85 39 of 85 40 of 85 41 of 85 42 of 85 43 of 85 44 of 85 45 of 85 46 of 85 47 of 85 48 of 85 49 of 85 50 of 85 51 of 85 52 of 85 53 of 85 54 of 85 55 of 85 56 of 85 57 of 85 58 of 85 59 of 85 60 of 85 61 of 85 62 of 85 63 of 85 64 of 85 65 of 85 66 of 85 67 of 85 68 of 85 69 of 85 70 of 85 71 of 85 72 of 85 73 of 85 74 of 85 75 of 85 76 of 85 77 of 85 78 of 85 79 of 85 80 of 85 81 of 85 82 of 85 83 of 85 84 of 85 85 of 85 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide 6325 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 483 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2qDJt9W
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Learn more msn back to msn home news web search Sign in Change language and content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Feedback Headlines UK News General Election World Report Weird News Video Photos My Topics Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel News Sections UK News World Report EU Referendum US News Weird News Photos Videos AdChoices Russia probe reaches current White House official, people familiar with the case say The Washington Post Devlin Barrett, Matt Zapotosky 1 day ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL US: War with North Korea would be 'tragic on an unbelievable scale' Police investigate deaths at Essex mental health unit Click to expand Replay Video What you need to know about South Korea's new president, Moon Jae-in The candidate for the liberal Democratic Party ran away with the election, winning with more than 40 percent of the vote. Moon has told South Koreans that he will put together a huge stimulus package, revisit the THAAD antimissile system deployment and engage North Korea at the right time. The Washington Post What Emmanuel Macron's victory means for France and the world Centrist Emmanuel Macron is on track to win the French presidency defeating Marine Le Pen, the leader of France’s far-right National Front, a strongly anti-immigrant populist party. Macron, 39, will now become France's youngest head of state since Napoleon Bonaparte. The Washington Post Russian opposition activists rally in Moscow Russian opposition activists rallied on May 6 to mark the anniversary of the 2012 anti-Putin protest in Bolotnaya Square. The Washington Post SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Investigation into Russian ties to White House now focuses on current official The Washington Post See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next What you need to know about South Korea's new president, Moon Jae-in The Washington Post 2:00 What Emmanuel Macron's victory means for France and the world The Washington Post 2:10 Russian opposition activists rally in Moscow The Washington Post 0:36 How France is likely to vote on May 7 The Washington Post 2:04 France's May 7 election: What you need to know The Washington Post 3:09 Protesters clash with troops in Venezuela The Washington Post 1:06 Get to know Prince Philip The Washington Post 1:36 Decoding Internet Security: Spear phishing The Washington Post 2:25 Trump: 'We want to create peace between Israel and the Palestinians' The Washington Post 3:17 Trump's controversial invitation The Washington Post 2:21 Kashmir videos go 'viral,' as violence flares The Washington Post 1:47 Tillerson: 'We must be willing to face the hard truths' on North Korea The Washington Post 8:53 Russian intelligence ship sinks after collision with freighter The Washington Post 1:01 Earthquake rocks central Chile The Washington Post 0:31 Why senators are going to the White House to meet about North Korea The Washington Post 1:37 North Korea now holding three US citizens The Washington Post 1:13 UP NEXT The law enforcement investigation into possible coordination between Russia and the Trump campaign has identified a current White House official as a significant person of interest, showing that the probe is reaching into the highest levels of government, according to people familiar with the matter. The senior White House adviser under scrutiny by investigators is someone close to the president, according to these people, who would not further identify the official. Subscribe to the Post Most newsletter: Today’s most popular stories on The Washington Post. The revelation comes as the investigation also appears to be entering a more overtly active phase, with investigators shifting from work that has remained largely hidden from the public to conducting interviews and using a grand jury to issue subpoenas. The intensity of the probe is expected to accelerate in the coming weeks, the people said. The sources emphasized that investigators remain keenly interested in people who previously wielded influence in the Trump campaign and administration but are no longer part of it, including former national security adviser Michael Flynn and former campaign chairman Paul Manafort. Flynn resigned in February after disclosures that he had lied to administration officials about his contacts with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak. Current administration officials who have acknowledged contacts with Russian officials include President Trump’s son-in-law, Jared Kushner, as well as Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. © AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais President Donald Trump walks out of the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, Friday, May 19, 2017, to board Marine One for a short trip to Andrews Air Force Base, Md. Trump is leaving for his first foreign trip, visiting Saudi Arabia, Israel, Vatican, and a pair of summits in Brussels and Sicily. People familiar with the investigation said the intensifying effort does not mean criminal charges are near, or that any such charges will result. Earlier this week, Deputy Attorney General Rod J. Rosenstein appointed former FBI director Robert S. Mueller III to serve as special counsel and lead the investigation into Russian meddling. It is unclear exactly how Mueller’s leadership will affect the direction of the probe, and he is already bringing in new people to work on the team. Those familiar with the case said its significance had increased before Mueller’s appointment. Although the case began quietly last July as an effort to determine whether any Trump associates coordinated with Russian operatives to meddle in the presidential election campaign, the investigative work now being done by the FBI also includes determining whether any financial crimes were committed by people close to the president. The people familiar with the matter said the probe has sharpened into something more fraught for the White House, the FBI and the Justice Department — particularly because of the public steps investigators know they now need to take, the people said. When subpoenas are issued or interviews are requested, it is possible the people being asked to talk or provide documents will reveal publicly what they were asked about. A small group of lawmakers known as the Gang of Eight was notified of the change in tempo and focus in the investigation at a classified briefing Wednesday evening, the people familiar with the matter said. Then-FBI Director James B. Comey publicly confirmed the existence of the investigation in March. Justice Department spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores said, “I can’t confirm or deny the existence or nonexistence of investigations or targets of investigations.” An FBI spokesman declined to comment. White House spokesman Sean Spicer said, “As the president has stated before, a thorough investigation will confirm that there was no collusion between the campaign and any foreign entity.’’ While there has been a loud public debate in recent days over the question of whether the president might have attempted to obstruct justice in his private dealings with Comey, whom Trump fired last week, people familiar with the matter said investigators on the case are more focused on Russian influence operations and possible financial crimes. The FBI’s investigation seeks to determine whether and to what extent Trump associates were in contact with Kremlin operatives, what business dealings they might have had in Russia, and whether they in any way facilitated the hacking and publishing of emails from the Democratic National Committee and Hillary Clinton’s campaign chairman, John Podesta, during the presidential campaign. Several congressional committees are also investigating, though their probes could not produce criminal charges. A grand jury in Alexandria, Va., recently issued a subpoena for records related to Flynn’s business, the Flynn Intel Group, which was paid more than $500,000 by a company owned by a Turkish American businessman close to top Turkish officials, according to people familiar with the matter. The Flynn Intel Group was paid for research on Fethullah Gulen, a cleric who Turkey’s current president believes was responsible for a coup attempt last summer. Flynn retroactively registered with the Justice Department in March as a paid foreign agent for Turkish interests. Separately from the probe now run by Mueller, Flynn is being investigated by the Pentagon’s top watchdog for his foreign payments. Flynn also received $45,000 to appear in 2015 with Russian President Vladimir Putin at a dinner for RT, a Kremlin-controlled media organization. Flynn discussed U.S. sanctions against Russia with Russia’s ambassador to the United States during the month before Trump took office, and he withheld that fact from the vice president. That prompted then-acting attorney general Sally Yates to warn the White House’s top lawyer that Flynn might be susceptible to blackmail. Flynn stepped down after The Washington Post reported on the contents of the call. The president has nonetheless seemed to defend his former adviser. A memo by Comey alleged that Trump asked that the probe into Flynn be shut down. The White House also has acknowledged that Kushner met with Kislyak, the Russian ambassador to the United States, in late November. Kushner also has acknowledged that he met with the head of a Russian development bank, Vnesheconombank, which has been under U.S. sanctions since July 2014. The president’s son-in-law initially omitted contacts with foreign leaders from a national security questionnaire, though his lawyer has said publicly he submitted the form prematurely and informed the FBI soon after that he would provide an update. Vnesheconombank handles development for the state, and in early 2015, a man purporting to be one of its New York-based employees was arrested and accused of being an unregistered spy. That man — Evgeny Buryakov — ultimately pleaded guilty and was eventually deported. He had been in contact with former Trump adviser Carter Page, though Page has said he shared only “basic immaterial information and publicly available research documents” with the Russian. Page was the subject of a secret warrant last year issued by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, based on suspicions he might have been acting as an agent of the Russian government, according to people familiar with the matter. Page has denied any wrongdoing, and accused the government of violating his civil rights. Ellen Nakashima and Ashley Parker contributed to this report. Read more: What’s next in the Russia investigation? The week’s biggest bombshells. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN News Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behaviour that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More from The Washington Post He was paralyzed, but she still wanted to wed. Now that future's gone. The Washington Post The place where old-fashioned malls are beating Amazon: Small-town America The Washington Post At the Pentagon, overpriced fuel sparks allegations — and denials — of a slush fund The Washington Post The Washington Post View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Did you find the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues with searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps My Topics feedback Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City Name Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting VRtually There More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost VRtually There Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 678 3 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest In Saudi Arabia, Trump aims to 'unite the civilized world against terrorism' On his first foreign trip as president, Donald Trump lands at the Riyadh airport Saturday with a wide array of diplomatic, economic and military tools – the most important of which may be Air Force One itself. Post to Facebook In Saudi Arabia, Trump aims to 'unite the civilized world against terrorism' On his first foreign trip as president, Donald Trump lands at the Riyadh airport Saturday with a wide array of diplomatic, economic and military tools – the most important of which may be Air Force One itself.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: https://usat.ly/2qDFMB4 {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 41 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs In Saudi Arabia, Trump aims to 'unite the civilized world against terrorism' Gregory Korte , USA TODAY Published 2:34 a.m. ET May 20, 2017 | Updated 24 hours ago CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share As President Donald Trump prepares to leave on his first foreign trip, the whole world is watching. Expectations are extremely high. Susana Victoria Perez (@susana_vp) has more. Buzz60 President Trump, with first lady Melania Trump, waves as they board Air Force One at Andrews Air Force Base, Md., Friday, prior to his departure on his first overseas trip. (Photo: Alex Brandon, AP) 678 CONNECTTWEET 3 LINKEDIN 41 COMMENTEMAILMORE RIYADH, Saudi Arabia — President Trump said Friday that he would deploy tough talk with Muslim leaders in his attempt to unite the world against terrorism, promising to "represent the views of the American people frankly and clearly" in a meeting with 50 leaders from around the region. But Trump is heading to Saudi Arabia with more than just lofty rhetoric. He's bringing with him to Riyadh a variety of diplomatic, economic and military tools – the most important of which may be Air Force One itself. The presidential plane has become a symbol of U.S. power and diplomacy, and its arrival in a foreign capital is a sign that an American president takes the relationship seriously — all the more so because Trump has chosen Riyadh as his first foreign destination as president. Trump will use a package of arms deals, economic sanctions and intelligence cooperation in his effort to reset the relationship with Saudi Arabia after eight years of cooler relations under President Obama. "Many of these leaders have expressed growing concern about terrorism, the spread of radicalization, and Iran's role in funding both. Now it appears Muslim leaders are ready to take more responsibility and a much bigger role in fighting terrorism in their region. It’s about time we do it, we’ll do it together, but it has to be done," Trump said in his weekly radio address Friday. Echoing his January inaugural address, Trump said he would "strengthen our old friendships, build new partnerships, and unite the civilized world in a fight against terrorism." For Saudi Arabia, Trump's most important overture is his skepticism over the Iran nuclear deal, signed by Obama and five other countries to provide sanctions relief in exchange for a rollback and ongoing monitoring of Iranian nuclear production. “We believe that the Trump administration is committed to working with its allies in the region in order to contain Iran,” said Saudi Foreign Minister Adel Al-Jubeir Thursday. He told reporters that Trump “is very cognizant of the dangers presented by the policies that Iran is pursuing.” Riyadh is welcoming Trump with a public relations blitz under the banner “Together We Prevail.” Arabic newspaper headlines focused on expectations that Trump would condemn the destabilizing actions of Iran, Saudi’s biggest rival in the region. A Friday editorial in the English-language Arab News – popular with businessmen and diplomats here -- called the visit “an opportunity that must not be wasted.” “What they’re trying to do is everything they can think of to make this a successful visit,” said Jon Alterman of the Center for Strategic and International Studies. “They’ll create a very warm media environment. It will be a lavish event where people will not raise uncomfortable issues.” Uncomfortable issues like Trump’s domestic troubles. “They’re not going to ask him about the firing of the head of the FBI because the presumption in Saudi Arabia that it should be a ruler's rights," Alterman said. Other issues that might otherwise be sources of friction – such as a new U.S. law piercing Saudi Arabia’s sovereign immunity to allow lawsuits alleging Saudi complicity in terrorism – will go to the back burner. Beyond Iran, there’s a deep sense that Saudi-American relations have suffered over the past eight years, leaving the Saudis feeling isolated and marginalized, Alterman said. “That’s important to the Saudis because they don’t have other options in the world,” he said. “They don’t have a Russia or China option. Russia or China won’t do for them what the U.S. does.” Some of those things include a reported $115 billion arms deal, aggressive action against Iranian proxies in Syria, and new sanctions announced Friday against the al-Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula, a terrorist group Saudi Arabia has been battling on its border with Yemen. And Trump will visit a newly inaugurated Global Center for Combating Extremist Ideology, signifying intelligence cooperation between the two countries. Trump’s meetings in Riyadh actually span three different summits over two days. First, he meets directly with Saudi Arabian leaders Saturday, followed by separate events with the six-member Gulf Cooperation Council and an Arab-American Islamic Summit on Sunday. It's there that he will give a much-anticipated speech to the Muslim world outlining his plan to combat the Islamic State, to a room of about 50 leaders from around the region. Read more: 'Preventing Muslim immigration' statement disappears from Trump's campaign site Donald Trump's trip to Saudi Arabia, Israel and Rome is test of nerves. Ours. Trump travels to Saudi Arabia as bombshells multiply in Washington Trump trip to Middle East, Vatican offers religious opportunities, pitfalls To do that, he'll have to step back from his previous statements critical of Muslims — “I think Islam hates us,” he said during the 2016 presidential campaign — but that may be easier to do in an intimate setting. “Personal ties are crucial in Arab politics. And I think President Trump may have a slight advantage over President Obama in the sense that he can be much more personally engaging, whereas Obama tended to be more cool and distant,” said Jim Phillips, a Middle East scholar with the conservative Heritage Foundation. “Trump can be very emphatic and reassuring.” Surrounding those events are a dizzying array of other cultural and business events meant to forge closer U.S.-Saudi ties. More than 90 top executives – including the CEOs of General Electric, Cisco and Citigroup – will attend an economic forum where Saudi officials are expected to grant business licenses. And there’s a joint concert between country music star Toby Keith and Arabian singer Rabeh Saqer. (“An Arabian lute and an American guitar unite in a star-studded night,” reads a promotional poster in English and Arabic.) On Sunday, Trump will attend the Tweeps Forum, a Saudi initiative to battle extremism online, and officials suggested he may even live-tweet the event. “Getting ready for my big foreign trip,” Trump tweeted before departing on Air Force One Friday. “Will be strongly protecting American interests – that's what I like to do!” FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn The Trump presidency: A new era in Washington  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Trump responds to a question from a member of the news media during a joint news conference with Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos in the East Room of the White House on May 18, 2017.  Michael Reynolds, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump boards Air Force One at Andrews Air Force Base on May 17, 2017, en route to the U.S. Coast Guard Academy in New London, Conn., for a commencement address.  Susan Walsh, AP Fullscreen Trump meets with Henry Kissinger in the Oval Office on May 10, 2017.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen President Trump, Speaker Paul Ryan and other congressional Republicans celebrate in the Rose Garden of the White House following the House vote to repeal Obamacare on May 4, 2017.  Mandel Ngan, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump pauses as he speaks at the Pennsylvania Farm Show Complex and Expo Center in Harrisburg, Pa., on April, 29, 2017.  Carolyn Kaster, AP Fullscreen President Trump speaks during the National Rifle Association-ILA Leadership Forum on April 28, 2017, in Atlanta.  Mike Stewart, AP Fullscreen Secretary of the Interior Ryan Zinke listens while Trump speaks before signing an executive order to review the Antiquities Act at the Department of the Interior on April 26, 2017.  Brendan Smialowski, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump prepares to award a Purple Heart to U.S. Army Sgt. 1st Class Alvaro Barrientos, with first lady Melania Trump, right, and Tammy Barrientos, second from right, at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center on April 22, 2017, in Bethesda, Md.  Alex Brandon, AP Fullscreen Trump waves as he and Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin walk from the White House to the U.S. Treasury Department on April 21, 2017.  Jim Watson, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen President Trump greets Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni as he arrives at the West Wing of the White House on April 20, 2017.  Andrew Harnik, AP Fullscreen New England Patriots head coach Bill Belichick, President Trump, Patriots owner Robert Kraft and Patriots President Jonathan Kraft stand with Patriots players as Trump holds a team helmet at a ceremony honoring the Patriots as Super Bowl champions on the South Lawn at the White House on April 19, 2017.  Geoff Burke, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Trump joins attendees at the Easter Egg Roll to write notes to servicemembers on the South Lawn of the White House on April 17, 2017.  Brendan Smialowski, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump steps off Air Force One as he arrives at Palm Beach International Airport on April 13, 2017.  Richard Graulich, AP Fullscreen Trump speaks in the Rose Garden of the White House on April 10, 2017, at the swearing-in ceremony for Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump pumps his fist as he and Chinese President Xi Jinping walk together at the Mar-a-Lago estate in West Palm Beach, Fla., on April 7, 2017.  Jim Watson, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen President Trump walks to the podium to speak about the missile strike on Syria on April 6, 2017, at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach, Fla.  Alex Brandon, AP Fullscreen Trump speaks during a Wounded Warriors event in the East Room of the White House on April 6, 2017.  Brendan Smialowski, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen President Trump and Jordan's King Abdullah II hold a news conference in the Rose Garden at the White House on April 5, 2017.  Andrew Harnik, AP Fullscreen President Trump speaks about trade as Vice President Pence looks on before signing executive orders in the Oval Office on March 31, 2017.  Olivier Douliery, Pool/European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen President Trump shakes hands with New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie during an opioid and drug abuse listening session in the Roosevelt Room on March 29, 2017.  Shawn Thew, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen President Trump, flanked by Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price and Vice President Pence, speaks about the health care overhaul bill on March 24, 2017, in the Oval Office.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen Trump gets in the driver's seat of an 18-wheeler while meeting with truck drivers and trucking CEOs on the South Portico prior to their meeting to discuss health care at the White House on March 23, 2017.  Jim Lo Scalzo, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen President Trump speaks during a meeting with Congressional Black Caucus members in the Cabinet Room at the White House on March 22, 2017.  Chip Somodevilla, Pool/European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump holds a NASA flight jacket presented to him by NASA Astronaut Office Chief Chris Cassidy after signing the NASA Transition Authorization Act of 2017 in the Oval Office on March 21, 2017.  Bill Ingalls, NASA/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump and Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price arrive on Capitol Hill on March 21, 2017, to meet with GOP lawmakers on the Republican health care overhaul.  J. Scott Applewhite, AP Fullscreen Trump speaks to reporters onboard Air Force One before departing from Palm Beach International Airport in West Palm Beach, Fla., on March 19, 2017.  Mandel Ngan, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump and German Chancellor Angela Merkel walk down the Cross Hall to enter the East Room for a joint press conference at the White House on March 17, 2017.  Michael Reynolds, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump talks with House Speaker Paul Ryan on Capitol Hill on March 16, 2017, during a "Friends of Ireland" luncheon.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump speaks to auto workers at the American Center for Mobility on March 15, 2017, in Ypsilanti, Mich.  Bill Pugliano, Getty Images Fullscreen Trump holds up a note and drawing depicting him that was created by the child of Greg Knox of Ohio during a meeting on health care in the Roosevelt Room on March 13, 2017.  MIchael Reynolds, Pool, Getty Images Fullscreen Trump holds a National Economic Council listening session with the CEOs of community banks in the Roosevelt Room of the White House on March 9, 2017.  Kevin Dietsch, Pool/European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump gestures as he surprises visitors during the official reopening of public tours at the White House on March 7, 2017.  Jim Watson, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump walks with grandchildren Arabella Kushner and Joseph Kushner, holding a model of Marine One, across the South Lawn of the White House on March 3, 2017, before boarding Marine One helicopter for the short flight to nearby Andrews Air Force Base.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen Trump tours the Combat Direction Center on the pre-commissioned USS Gerald R. Ford aircraft carrier in Newport News, Va., on March 2, 2017.  Saul Loeb, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump has lunch with Congressional Republican leaders, including Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and House Speaker Paul Ryan, in the Roosevelt Room of the White House on March 1, 2017.  Erik S. Lesser, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen President Trump speaks before a joint session of Congress on Feb. 28, 2017.  Jack Gruber, USA TODAY Fullscreen Trump holds up an executive order to bolster historically black colleges and universities after signing it in the Oval Office on Feb. 28, 2017.  Jim Watson, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump makes a toast during a dinner reception for the annual National Governors Association winter meeting on Feb. 26, 2017, in the State Dining Room of the White House.  Manuel Balce Ceneta, AP Fullscreen Trump and Pence arrive for a meeting with manufacturing executives at the White House on Feb. 23, 2017.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin listens at right as Trump speaks during a meeting on the federal budget on Feb. 22, 2017, in the Roosevelt Room of the White House.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump reaches out to shake hands with Army Lt. Gen. H.R. McMaster at his Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach, Fla., on Feb. 20, 2017, where Trump announced that McMaster will be the new national security adviser.  Susan Walsh, AP Fullscreen The Trumps attend a campaign-style rally on Feb. 18, 2017, in Melbourne, Fla.  Chris O'Meara, AP Fullscreen President Trump walks with his grandchildren Arabella Kushner and Joseph Kushner to Marine One on the South Lawn of the White House on Feb. 17, 2017.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump speaks during a news conference on Feb. 16, 2017, in the East Room of the White House.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu shake hands during a joint news conference in the East Room of the White House on Feb. 15, 2017.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen Trump meets with retail industry leaders in the Roosevelt Room of the White House on Feb. 15, 2017.  Saul Loeb, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump and Education Secretary Betsy DeVos attend a meeting with parents and teachers on Feb. 14, 2017, in the Roosevelt Room of the White House.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump looks on as Steven Mnuchin is sworn in as Treasury secretary on Feb. 13, 2017.  Alex Wong, Getty Images Fullscreen Trump meets with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau in the Oval Office on Feb. 13, 2017.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump walks from Marine One on the South Lawn of the White House as he returns from his weekend trip to Mar-a-Lago on Feb. 12, 2017.  Molly Riley, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe listen to the translator after they both made statements about North Korea at Mar-a-Lago on Feb. 11, 2017.  Susan Walsh, AP Fullscreen President Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, accompanied by their wives, first lady Melania Trump and Akie Abe, wave before boarding Air Force One at Andrews Air Force Base on Feb. 10, 2017.  Jose Luis Magana, AP Fullscreen President Trump speaks to Democratic and Republican senators about Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch in the Roosevelt Room on Feb. 9, 2017.  Pool, Getty Images Fullscreen Trump arrives for a meeting with airline executives on Feb. 9, 2017.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Intel CEO Brian Krzanich speaks during a meeting with Trump on Feb. 8, 2017, where Intel announced an investment of $7 billion to build a factory in Chandler, Ariz., to create advanced semi-conductor chips.  Chris Kleponis, Pool/European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump holds up a gift given to him by county sheriffs following a meeting as they pose for photos in the Oval Office on Feb. 7, 2017.  Saul Loeb, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen President Trump has lunch with troops during a visit to the U.S. Central Command at MacDill Air Force Base on Feb. 6, 2017, in Tampa, Fla.  Mandel Ngan, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen The Trumps watch the Super Bowl at a party at Trump International Golf Club in West Palm Beach, Fla., on Feb. 5, 2017.  Susan Walsh, AP Fullscreen The Trumps arrive for the 60th Annual Red Cross Gala at his Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach, Fla., on on Feb. 4, 2017.  Mandel Ngan, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen President Trump walks with first lady Melania Trump on the tarmac after he arrived on Air Force One at the Palm Beach International Airport for a visit to Mar-a-Lago on Feb. 3, 2017.  Joe Raedle, Getty Images Fullscreen Trump speaks during the beginning of a policy and strategy forum with business executives in the State Dining Room of the White House on Feb. 3, 2017.  Brendan Smialowski, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus and Vice President Pence look on as Trump speaks briefly to reporters after greeting Harley Davidson executives on the South Lawn of the White House on Feb. 2, 2017.  Drew Angerer, Getty Images Fullscreen Television producer Mark Burnett, left, and Sen. John Boozman, R-Ark., look on as Trump waves upon his arrival for the National Prayer Breakfast on Feb. 2, 2017, in Washington.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump shakes hands with Neil Gorsuch, his Supreme Court nominee, in the East Room of the White House on Jan. 31, 2017.  Michael Reynolds, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen President Trump meets with small-business leaders in the Roosevelt Room of the White House on Jan. 30, 2017.  Jim Lo Scalzo, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen President Trump speaks on the phone with German Chancellor Angela Merkel in the Oval Office on Jan. 28, 2017.  Michael Reynolds, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump shakes hands with Defense Secretary James Mattis during an event at the Pentagon on Jan. 27, 2017. Vice President Pence is at right.  Susan Walsh, AP Fullscreen Trump greets British Prime Minister Theresa May as she arrives at the White House on Jan. 27, 2017.  Shawn Thew, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell watch as President Trump arrives to speak to House and Senate GOP lawmakers at the annual policy retreat in Philadelphia on Jan. 26, 2017.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen Trump boards Air Force One at Andrews Air Force Base in Maryland on Jan. 26, 2017, as he departed to attend a Republican congressional retreat in Philadelphia.  Nicholas Kamm, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump, accompanied by Vice President Mike Pence, gives a thumbs-up on Jan. 25, 2017, at the White House.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen Trump reads from one of the executive orders he signed during a visit to the Department of Homeland Security with Vice President Mike Pence, Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly and other officials in Washington on Jan. 25, 2017.  Chip Somodevilla, Pool/European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump arrives for meeting with automobile leaders in the Roosevelt Room of the White House on Jan. 24, 2017.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen Trump displays one of five executive actions he signed in the Oval Office on Jan. 24, 2017.  Shawn Thew, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump speaks during a reception for House and Senate leaders in the the State Dining Room of the White House on Jan. 23, 2017.  Susan Walsh, AP Fullscreen Trump signs executive actions in the Oval Office on Jan. 23, 2017.  Saul Loeb, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump meets with business leaders on Jan. 23, 2017, in the Roosevelt Room.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen President Trump holds a letter left for him by former president Barack Obama as Vice President Pence looks on before the swearing-in of the White House senior staff on Jan. 22, 2017.  Mandel Ngan, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump speaks at the CIA headquarters in Langley, Va., on Jan. 21, 2017.  Andrew Harnik, AP Fullscreen The Trumps arrive for a National Prayer Service at the National Cathedral on Jan. 21, 2017.  Andrew Harnik, AP Fullscreen The Trumps and Pences attend the Freedom Ball on Jan. 20, 2017.  Kevin Dietsch, Pool/European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump is joined by the congressional leadership and his family as he formally signs his cabinet nominations into law in the Presidents Room of the Senate on Jan. 20, 2017.  J. Scott Applewhite, Pool Photo-USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Trump and Obama arrive for Trump's inauguration luncheon at the Capitol.  J. Scott Applewhite, Pool Fullscreen The Trumps and Obamas stand on the steps of the U.S. Capitol on Jan. 20, 2017.  Rob Carr, Getty Images Fullscreen Trump delivers his inaugural address on Jan. 20, 2017, on the west front of the U.S. Capitol  Porter Binks, USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 85 2 of 85 3 of 85 4 of 85 5 of 85 6 of 85 7 of 85 8 of 85 9 of 85 10 of 85 11 of 85 12 of 85 13 of 85 14 of 85 15 of 85 16 of 85 17 of 85 18 of 85 19 of 85 20 of 85 21 of 85 22 of 85 23 of 85 24 of 85 25 of 85 26 of 85 27 of 85 28 of 85 29 of 85 30 of 85 31 of 85 32 of 85 33 of 85 34 of 85 35 of 85 36 of 85 37 of 85 38 of 85 39 of 85 40 of 85 41 of 85 42 of 85 43 of 85 44 of 85 45 of 85 46 of 85 47 of 85 48 of 85 49 of 85 50 of 85 51 of 85 52 of 85 53 of 85 54 of 85 55 of 85 56 of 85 57 of 85 58 of 85 59 of 85 60 of 85 61 of 85 62 of 85 63 of 85 64 of 85 65 of 85 66 of 85 67 of 85 68 of 85 69 of 85 70 of 85 71 of 85 72 of 85 73 of 85 74 of 85 75 of 85 76 of 85 77 of 85 78 of 85 79 of 85 80 of 85 81 of 85 82 of 85 83 of 85 84 of 85 85 of 85 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide 678 CONNECTTWEET 3 LINKEDIN 41 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2qDFMB4
SHOP MOBILE SITE SEND US TIPS JOIN LOG IN Search all All News Features Blogs Forums CATEGORIES Reviews News Blogs Images Shop COMPONENTS All Components Recent additions: AMD Ryzen 5 1600X And 1500X Processor Review: Affordable Zen Takes On Core i5 AMD Ryzen Game Optimization Begins: Ashes Of The Singularity Patched And Tested Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Benchmark First Look, A Mobile Powerhouse Emerges Processors Recent additions: AMD Ryzen 5 1600X And 1500X Processor Review: Affordable Zen Takes On Core i5 AMD Ryzen Game Optimization Begins: Ashes Of The Singularity Patched And Tested Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Benchmark First Look, A Mobile Powerhouse Emerges Graphics/Sound Recent additions: EVGA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti SC2 GAMING Review: Dialing-In On Performance NVIDIA Volta-Powered DGX-1 And DGX Station AI Supercomputers Debut At GTC 2017 MSI GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Gaming X 11G Review: Blazing-Fast And Custom Cooled Motherboards Recent additions: AMD Announces X300 And X370 AM4 Motherboards For Ryzen Processors, All Chips Unlocked Gigabyte Z170X-Designare Motherboard Review: Affordable, High-Tech, Great Performance Rivet Networks Killer E2500 Gigabit Ethernet For Gamers With Advanced QoS Tested Storage Recent additions: Micron 5100 ECO and MAX SSD Review: High-Capacity, Affordable Datacenter Storage Intel Optane Memory With 3D XPoint Review: Easy, Robust PC Acceleration Samsung EVO Plus microSDXC 128GB Card Rips File Transfers Up To 100MB/s Misc Recent additions: Hykso Punch Trackers Review: Boxing Meets Wearable Technology Netgear Nighthawk X10 Wireless AD7200 Router Review [Updated] The Best Of CES 2017 SYSTEMS All Systems Recent additions: Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big Gaming Performance In A Small Package Maingear Vybe Review: Dual GTX 1070s And Kaby Lake Cranked To 5GHz The Best Of CES 2017 Desktops Recent additions: Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big Gaming Performance In A Small Package Maingear Vybe Review: Dual GTX 1070s And Kaby Lake Cranked To 5GHz Dell XPS 27 (7760) All-In-One Desktop Review: 4K Touch And Wired For Sound DIY Recent additions: Gigabyte Brix S GB-BSi5HT-6200 Ultra Compact SFF PC Review New Matter MOD-t 3D Printer Review: Low Cost, User-Friendly Creation AMD Powered Star Wars Battlefront Radeon 380X-Powered Gaming PC Build Small Form Factor Recent additions: Lenovo Annouces ThinkStation P320 Workstations With Kaby Lake And Quadro Graphics For VR Developers Gigabyte BRIX Gaming UHD Review With Teardown And Rebuild Action Intel Compute Stick Core m3 Review: Skylake On A Thumbstick IT/ENTERPRISE All IT/Enterprise Recent additions: AMD Naples Zen Platform Makes ‘EPYC’ Debut For Data Center Market Intel Announces Xeon Scalable Processor Family Based On Skylake-SP Toshiba's Non-Encrypted HK4 SSDs Now Shipping In High Performance NetApp SolidFire Data Center Products Workstation Recent additions: Aquantia Launches Multi-Gigabit NICs For Enthusiast-Class PCs and Professional Workstations Intel Kaby Lake Xeon E3-1200 Family Takes Flight Lenovo Annouces ThinkStation P320 Workstations With Kaby Lake And Quadro Graphics For VR Developers Data Center/SMB Recent additions: AMD Naples Zen Platform Makes ‘EPYC’ Debut For Data Center Market Intel Announces Xeon Scalable Processor Family Based On Skylake-SP Toshiba's Non-Encrypted HK4 SSDs Now Shipping In High Performance NetApp SolidFire Data Center Products Cloud Recent additions: Microsoft Legal Marijuana Tracking Software Has A Serious Case Of The Munchies ProtectWise Builds Security As A Service Platform With DVR Playback And Jacks You Into The Matrix NVIDIA Launches GeForce NOW Game Streaming Service Software Recent additions: Microsoft CodePlex Open Source Repository Closing, Devs Urged To Embrace Github Microsoft Rolls Out Wake On LAN For Easier Remote Windows 10 Updates Google Chrome For macOS Gains Enhanced Safe Browsing Malware Protection MOBILE All Mobile Recent additions: Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review: Optimized Mobility Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium Android Productivity And Entertainment HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Notebooks Recent additions: Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review: Optimized Mobility HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming Review: Great Battery Life, Strong Performance, Affordable Price Smartphones Recent additions: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: Android Excellence In Performance And Design LG G6 Review: Design Elegance And Efficiency A Winning Combination Australian Regulators Sue Apple Over Fatal Error 53 Bricking Of Repaired iPhones Tablets Recent additions: Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium Android Productivity And Entertainment HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Dell XPS 13 2-In-1 Review - Portable And Flexible Living On The Infinity Edge Gadgets Recent additions: GoPro Fusion Spherical 360 Degree VR 5.2K Camera Launching 2H 2017 Hykso Punch Trackers Review: Boxing Meets Wearable Technology Amazfit Pace GPS Smartwatch Review: Sleek, Attractive, And Great Battery Life LEISURE All Leisure Recent additions: Sole Surviving Nintendo PlayStation Rare Prototype Is Now Fully Functional Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Razer Lancehead eSports Gaming Mouse Promises Unmatched Wireless Performance Entertainment Recent additions: Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Google Launches $35/Month YouTube TV Streaming Service For Discerning Cord Cutters NVIDIA SHIELD TV (2017) Review: Smart Home, 4K HDR, And Game Streaming Gaming Recent additions: Sole Surviving Nintendo PlayStation Rare Prototype Is Now Fully Functional Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Razer Lancehead eSports Gaming Mouse Promises Unmatched Wireless Performance Social Recent additions: Tinder Users Outaged As Machine Learning App Scrapes And Exposes 40,000 Profile Photos Merriam-Webster Adds ‘Sheeple’ To Dictionary Citing Apple Fans As Prime Examples Twitter Getting Rid Of The Default Egg Profile Picture That Has A Bad Actor Reputation VIDEOS All videos 2.5 Geeks Reviews/How Tos FORUMS BLOGS Shop Subscribe TRENDING: Vega AMD ThreadRipper AMD EPYC Microsoft Surface Radeon RX 580 Samsung Galaxy S8 home Mobile Notebooks by Paul Lilly — Thursday, April 20, 2017 HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Article Index:    HP Spectre x360 15: Introduction And Specifications HP Spectre x360 15: Design, Build Quality And Software Spectre x360 15: SiSoft SANDRA, ATTO Disk And SunSpider Testing Spectre x360 a5: Cinebench And PCMark 8 Benchmarks Spectre x360 15: 3DMark And Far Cry 2 Benchmarks Spectre x360 15: Battery Life, How We Test And Acoustics Final Thoughts On The HP Spectre x360 15 HP Spectre x360 15: Introduction And Specifications HP is not one to let the weeds grow under its feet, at least not when it comes to its Spectre x360 line. The company it has no problem changing things up in an effort to keep its premium ultraportable hip and trendy. Having already gone through a few mild wardrobe changes over the past few years, the newest iteration of the Spectre x360 brings another slightly different look than last year's model -- one that is perhaps more refined and mature. It retains the gold accents introduced by its predecessor, but does not flaunt them quite as loudly. Other upgrades are not as subtle. HP continues to offer the Spectre x360 in 13.3-inch and 15.6-inch form factors, the latter of which we're reviewing here, but what's new here is a 4K Ultra HD display upgrade on the larger model. This is powered by another new addition, a discrete NVIDIA GeForce 940MX GPU that is also exclusive to the 15.6-inch model. HP seems to have taken a page out of Apple's playbook by limiting certain amenities to the bigger (and pricier) SKU, though an argument could be made that a 4K display is more befitting of a 15.6-inch panel. Why not roll with a modern generation GPU based on NVIDIA's Pascal architecture? We suspect it has to do with the value proposition. This particular configuration, which you can purchase at Best Buy or customize on HP's website, runs about $1,500. That's premium territory, but it's also several hundred dollars less than what some similarly configured laptops toting GeForce 10 series GPUs go for. While the on-board graphics are from last generation, the CPU inside is based on Intel's latest 7th generation Core architecture (Kaby Lake). More specifically, it wields a Core i7-7500U processor running at 2.7GHz (base) to 3.5GHz (Turbo). This is a dual-core chip with Hyper Threading support, 4MB of cache, and a low 15W TDP. It strikes a nice balance between power and price, with the ability to ramp up to 3.5GHz when demanding tasks call for processing muscle. Having a discrete GPU paired with a Kaby Lake processor gives the Spectre x360 15 the versatility to tackle a wide range of chores, but it does not end there. Underneath those good looks is a functional 2-in-1 design that allows this laptop to transform into a Windows 10 tablet. It even comes with an HP Active Stylus. We will cover these traits in more detail on the following pages along with performance metrics from our gauntlet of benchmarks. Before we do that though, let's have a look at the specs... HP Spectre x360 15 (2017) Specifications & Features Processor Options 7th Gen Intel Core i7-7500U (4MB Cache, 2.7Ghz to 3.5GHz) Display 15.6-inch diagonal 4K Ultra HD (3840x2160) UWVA eDP BrightView WLED-backlit w/ touch support Graphics NVIDIA GeForce 940MX w/ 2GB GDDR5 Memory 16GB DDR4 2133MHz (2x8GB) Storage 512GB PCIe NVMe M.2 Solid State Drive Optical N/A Ethernet N/A WiFi Intel® Dual Band Wireless-AC + Bluetooth 4.2 Interface (Left) USB 3.1 Gen1 (Type-A), Headphone/Microphone, Power Button, SD Card Reader Interface (Right) Thunderbolt 3 (Data up to 40GB/s, Power Deliver, DisplayPort 1.2, HP Sleep and Charge), USB 3.1 Gen1 (Type-C), HDMI, Volume Rocker Interface (Top) N/A Webcam HP Wide Vision Full HD IR Camera with Dual array digital microphone Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Battery 6-cell Lithium Ion (79.2 WHr) Dimensions Height: 0.7” / Width: 14” / Depth: 9.88” Weight 4.42 pounds Warranty 1 Year limited hardware warranty, 90 day phone support Pricing $1,499.99 as configured The SKU that HP sent us is available at Best Buy, though you can hop on HP's website and configure the same setup for the same price. Either way, there's a fair amount of high-end hardware here for the price, including a fast 512GB NVMe M.2 SSD and 16GB of DDR4-2133 RAM. It's nice to see that HP isn't skimping on storage or RAM capacity. It's also worth noting that since this setup comes with a discrete GPU, none of the system memory has to be allocated to graphics. In addition the stylus that comes with the system, HP also includes a sleeve. What's not included, however, are any adapters. HP offers several on its website, including a USB Type-C to RJ45 (Ethernet) adapter for $50, if you think you'll need it. NEXT PAGE Article Index:    HP Spectre x360 15: Introduction And Specifications HP Spectre x360 15: Design, Build Quality And Software Spectre x360 15: SiSoft SANDRA, ATTO Disk And SunSpider Testing Spectre x360 a5: Cinebench And PCMark 8 Benchmarks Spectre x360 15: 3DMark And Far Cry 2 Benchmarks Spectre x360 15: Battery Life, How We Test And Acoustics Final Thoughts On The HP Spectre x360 15 Tags:  Notebook, HP, laptop, tablet, ultraportable, convertible, review, spectre x360 15 Image gallery Related content Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review: Optimized Mobility Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium Android Productivity And Entertainment Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: Android Excellence In Performance And Design LG G6 Review: Design Elegance And Efficiency A Winning Combination Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming Review: Great Battery Life, Strong Performance, Affordable Price Comments Show comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Follow Us: Twitter Facebook RSS Email YouTube AppStore Google+ 85K 9K 4K 25K CONVERSATIONS Monster Intel 12-Core i9-7920X Leaked...34 AMD Radeon Vega Frontier Edition...20 Intel Kills Rumors Of ‘Confirmed’ GPU...12 Aquantia Launches Multi-Gigabit NICs For...11 AMD 16-Core ThreadRipper Enthusiast CPUs...11 AMD Ryzen 9 Threadripper Enthusiast CPU...10 Security Researcher Temporarily Stops...9 FEATURED Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review:... Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium... EVGA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti SC2 GAMING... Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big... MSI GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Gaming X 11G... Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice... Micron 5100 ECO and MAX SSD Review:... FAVORITES 6 TB Hard Drive Round-Up: WD Red, WD...781k Intel Core i7-6700K And Z170 Chipset...634k Intel SSD 750 Series PCIe SSD Review:...574k Dell XPS 13 (2015) Ultrabook Review,...549k AMD Ryzen Review: Ryzen 7 1800X, 1700X,...526k Alienware X51 R3 Review: Console-Sized...520k Alienware Area 51: Triad, Tri-SLI GTX...445k Getting A GeForce GTX 1080 Ti? Absolutely! No thanks Current NVIDIA card Current AMD card Vega for me Next GeForce please More Results MORE HOT STUFF IN MOBILE Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review:... Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium... Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: Android... LG G6 Review: Design Elegance And... Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming Review:... Dell XPS 15 (9560) Review: More... Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Benchmark First... Follow @HotHardware SITE Home Reviews News Blogs Images Mobile Site Sitemap CATEGORIES Components Systems IT/Enterprise Mobile Leisure Videos COMPANY About Advertise News Tips Contact MORE Forums Shop STAY CONNECTED Twitter Facebook Google + YouTube Feedburner This site is intended for informational and entertainment purposes only. The contents are the views and opinion of the author and/or his associates. All products and trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Reproduction in whole or in part, in any form or medium, without express written permission of HotHardware.com, LLC. is prohibited. All content and graphical elements are Copyright © 1999 - 2017 David Altavilla and HotHardware.com, LLC. All rights reserved. Privacy and Terms Subscribe to HH News Alerts! Preview Email Address
SHOP MOBILE SITE SEND US TIPS JOIN LOG IN Search all All News Features Blogs Forums CATEGORIES Reviews News Blogs Images Shop COMPONENTS All Components Recent additions: AMD Ryzen 5 1600X And 1500X Processor Review: Affordable Zen Takes On Core i5 AMD Ryzen Game Optimization Begins: Ashes Of The Singularity Patched And Tested Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Benchmark First Look, A Mobile Powerhouse Emerges Processors Recent additions: AMD Ryzen 5 1600X And 1500X Processor Review: Affordable Zen Takes On Core i5 AMD Ryzen Game Optimization Begins: Ashes Of The Singularity Patched And Tested Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Benchmark First Look, A Mobile Powerhouse Emerges Graphics/Sound Recent additions: EVGA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti SC2 GAMING Review: Dialing-In On Performance NVIDIA Volta-Powered DGX-1 And DGX Station AI Supercomputers Debut At GTC 2017 MSI GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Gaming X 11G Review: Blazing-Fast And Custom Cooled Motherboards Recent additions: AMD Announces X300 And X370 AM4 Motherboards For Ryzen Processors, All Chips Unlocked Gigabyte Z170X-Designare Motherboard Review: Affordable, High-Tech, Great Performance Rivet Networks Killer E2500 Gigabit Ethernet For Gamers With Advanced QoS Tested Storage Recent additions: Micron 5100 ECO and MAX SSD Review: High-Capacity, Affordable Datacenter Storage Intel Optane Memory With 3D XPoint Review: Easy, Robust PC Acceleration Samsung EVO Plus microSDXC 128GB Card Rips File Transfers Up To 100MB/s Misc Recent additions: Hykso Punch Trackers Review: Boxing Meets Wearable Technology Netgear Nighthawk X10 Wireless AD7200 Router Review [Updated] The Best Of CES 2017 SYSTEMS All Systems Recent additions: Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big Gaming Performance In A Small Package Maingear Vybe Review: Dual GTX 1070s And Kaby Lake Cranked To 5GHz The Best Of CES 2017 Desktops Recent additions: Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big Gaming Performance In A Small Package Maingear Vybe Review: Dual GTX 1070s And Kaby Lake Cranked To 5GHz Dell XPS 27 (7760) All-In-One Desktop Review: 4K Touch And Wired For Sound DIY Recent additions: Gigabyte Brix S GB-BSi5HT-6200 Ultra Compact SFF PC Review New Matter MOD-t 3D Printer Review: Low Cost, User-Friendly Creation AMD Powered Star Wars Battlefront Radeon 380X-Powered Gaming PC Build Small Form Factor Recent additions: Lenovo Annouces ThinkStation P320 Workstations With Kaby Lake And Quadro Graphics For VR Developers Gigabyte BRIX Gaming UHD Review With Teardown And Rebuild Action Intel Compute Stick Core m3 Review: Skylake On A Thumbstick IT/ENTERPRISE All IT/Enterprise Recent additions: AMD Naples Zen Platform Makes ‘EPYC’ Debut For Data Center Market Intel Announces Xeon Scalable Processor Family Based On Skylake-SP Toshiba's Non-Encrypted HK4 SSDs Now Shipping In High Performance NetApp SolidFire Data Center Products Workstation Recent additions: Aquantia Launches Multi-Gigabit NICs For Enthusiast-Class PCs and Professional Workstations Intel Kaby Lake Xeon E3-1200 Family Takes Flight Lenovo Annouces ThinkStation P320 Workstations With Kaby Lake And Quadro Graphics For VR Developers Data Center/SMB Recent additions: AMD Naples Zen Platform Makes ‘EPYC’ Debut For Data Center Market Intel Announces Xeon Scalable Processor Family Based On Skylake-SP Toshiba's Non-Encrypted HK4 SSDs Now Shipping In High Performance NetApp SolidFire Data Center Products Cloud Recent additions: Microsoft Legal Marijuana Tracking Software Has A Serious Case Of The Munchies ProtectWise Builds Security As A Service Platform With DVR Playback And Jacks You Into The Matrix NVIDIA Launches GeForce NOW Game Streaming Service Software Recent additions: Microsoft CodePlex Open Source Repository Closing, Devs Urged To Embrace Github Microsoft Rolls Out Wake On LAN For Easier Remote Windows 10 Updates Google Chrome For macOS Gains Enhanced Safe Browsing Malware Protection MOBILE All Mobile Recent additions: Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review: Optimized Mobility Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium Android Productivity And Entertainment HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Notebooks Recent additions: Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review: Optimized Mobility HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming Review: Great Battery Life, Strong Performance, Affordable Price Smartphones Recent additions: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: Android Excellence In Performance And Design LG G6 Review: Design Elegance And Efficiency A Winning Combination Australian Regulators Sue Apple Over Fatal Error 53 Bricking Of Repaired iPhones Tablets Recent additions: Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium Android Productivity And Entertainment HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Dell XPS 13 2-In-1 Review - Portable And Flexible Living On The Infinity Edge Gadgets Recent additions: GoPro Fusion Spherical 360 Degree VR 5.2K Camera Launching 2H 2017 Hykso Punch Trackers Review: Boxing Meets Wearable Technology Amazfit Pace GPS Smartwatch Review: Sleek, Attractive, And Great Battery Life LEISURE All Leisure Recent additions: Sole Surviving Nintendo PlayStation Rare Prototype Is Now Fully Functional Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Razer Lancehead eSports Gaming Mouse Promises Unmatched Wireless Performance Entertainment Recent additions: Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Google Launches $35/Month YouTube TV Streaming Service For Discerning Cord Cutters NVIDIA SHIELD TV (2017) Review: Smart Home, 4K HDR, And Game Streaming Gaming Recent additions: Sole Surviving Nintendo PlayStation Rare Prototype Is Now Fully Functional Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Razer Lancehead eSports Gaming Mouse Promises Unmatched Wireless Performance Social Recent additions: Tinder Users Outaged As Machine Learning App Scrapes And Exposes 40,000 Profile Photos Merriam-Webster Adds ‘Sheeple’ To Dictionary Citing Apple Fans As Prime Examples Twitter Getting Rid Of The Default Egg Profile Picture That Has A Bad Actor Reputation VIDEOS All videos 2.5 Geeks Reviews/How Tos FORUMS BLOGS Shop Subscribe TRENDING: Vega AMD ThreadRipper AMD EPYC Microsoft Surface Radeon RX 580 Samsung Galaxy S8 home Mobile Tablets by Joshua Gulick — Friday, November 25, 2016 Lenovo Yoga Book Review: A 2-In-1 With A Trick Article Index:    Lenovo Yoga Book - A New And Innovative Convertible Tablet Yoga Book Design And Layout Yoga Book User Experience And Software System Benchmarks: SunSpider And PCMark 8 Graphics Testing: Cinebench And 3DMark Tests Yoga Book Battery Life And Noise Final Thoughts On The Lenovo Yoga Book Lenovo Yoga Book - A New And Innovative Convertible Tablet Lenovo recently released one of the most interesting tablet hybrids in recent memory, just in time for the holidays. The Yoga Book has a digital keyboard that doubles as a sketch pad that even accommodates plain old paper, giving users several ways to draw images or jot notes. In fact, the tablet aspect of the machine is one of the most creative (and fun) concepts we’ve seen this year. The Yoga Book differs from traditional tablet first hybrid devices in several ways, but the most noticeable of these is the permanently attached keyboard, which is a departure from traditional 10-inch tablet form factors. Some tablet-first devices, like the 2016 version of the Dell XPS 12 and the Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Tablet, ship with a detachable keyboard. The 2-in-1 format is arguably more functional than a lone slate, but it gives users the freedom to drop the keyboard when they just want the tablet. With the one-piece Yoga Book, Lenovo is pushing into laptop territory with a device that is clearly more of a tablet. It has tablet hardware and performance, and Lenovo refers to the Yoga Book as a tablet but in the branding they call it a "book" with a hat tip one might say to the classic paper-bound mainstay. But that permanently-attached keyboard is what defines the Yoga Book -- because it's not just a keyboard. With the press of a button, it turns into a Wacom tablet, letting users create images without having to draw on the tablet’s screen. And, thanks to Lenovo’s Yoga Book Real Pen, users can also draw on real paper while recording the strokes on the tablet. Lenovo offers the Yoga Book with Android 6.0.1 (Marshmallow) or Windows 10 Home. The tablets have nearly identical hardware, but the Android Yoga Book starts at $499.99, while the Windows model (which we reviewed) starts at $549.99. Although the Yoga Book might show up under many a Christmas tree this year, it’s bound to also get the attention of business users, so we look at it from both perspectives on the pages ahead.  Lenovo Yoga Book (ZA150050US) Specifications & Features  Processor  Intel Atom x5-Z8550 (2MB Cache, 1.44GHz to 2.4GHz)  Display  10.1-inch FHD (1920x1200) IPS LED w/Touch, 400 nits  Graphics  Intel HD 400  Memory  4GB LPDDR3 1600MHz  Storage  64GB  Ethernet  N/A  Wireless Connectivity  802.11ac Wireless, Bluetooth 4.0  Interface (Left)  Micro-USB Port/ Power Port, Micro-SD Reader, Micro-HDMI Port  Interface (Right)  Power Button, Volume Buttons, Headphone/Mic Jack  Interface (Back)  N/A  Webcam  8MP Auto-Focus, 2MP Fixed Focus  Operating System  Windows 10 Home 64-bit  Battery  2-Cell, 8500 mAh Li-Ion Polymer  Dimensions  10.1 x 6.72 x 0.38 Inches  Weight  1.52 Pounds  Warranty  1-Year  Included Accessories  Real Pen, Yoga Book Pad & Paper  Price  $549.99 For The Windows Version Lenovo didn’t ignore performance when designing the Yoga Book, but the tablet’s most interesting features revolve around its input capabilities (like the digital keyboard and sketch pad), rather than data crunching. The tablet has an Intel Atom x5-Z8550 processor, along with 4GB of memory and 64GB of internal storage. The Atom processor and Intel HD 400 graphics make for device that will have trouble competing with most Windows 10 hybrids, which usually have more powerful hardware. On the other hand, the LED display is nice and bright, offering a maximum 400 nits over its 10.1 inches. The display is an IPS touchscreen with a better-than full HD resolution (1920x1200). Although its colors struck us as somewhat muted at times, the display is a solid choice for this tablet. The Yoga Book also has some unusual accessories, the most important of which is the Real Pen, which we’ll cover in greater detail later in the review. Sketch artists will like the Book Pad, which puts real paper over the Yoga Book’s digital input pad. Let’s take a closer look at the Yoga Book’s design and how the accessories make it more than a typical tablet… NEXT PAGE Article Index:    Lenovo Yoga Book - A New And Innovative Convertible Tablet Yoga Book Design And Layout Yoga Book User Experience And Software System Benchmarks: SunSpider And PCMark 8 Graphics Testing: Cinebench And 3DMark Tests Yoga Book Battery Life And Noise Final Thoughts On The Lenovo Yoga Book Tags:  Lenovo, Atom, tablet, Wacom, Yoga, yoga book Image gallery Related content Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review: Optimized Mobility Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium Android Productivity And Entertainment HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: Android Excellence In Performance And Design LG G6 Review: Design Elegance And Efficiency A Winning Combination Comments Show comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Follow Us: Twitter Facebook RSS Email YouTube AppStore Google+ 85K 9K 4K 25K CONVERSATIONS Monster Intel 12-Core i9-7920X Leaked...34 AMD Radeon Vega Frontier Edition...20 Intel Kills Rumors Of ‘Confirmed’ GPU...12 Aquantia Launches Multi-Gigabit NICs For...11 AMD 16-Core ThreadRipper Enthusiast CPUs...11 AMD Ryzen 9 Threadripper Enthusiast CPU...10 Security Researcher Temporarily Stops...9 FEATURED Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review:... Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium... EVGA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti SC2 GAMING... Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big... MSI GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Gaming X 11G... Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice... Micron 5100 ECO and MAX SSD Review:... FAVORITES 6 TB Hard Drive Round-Up: WD Red, WD...781k Intel Core i7-6700K And Z170 Chipset...634k Intel SSD 750 Series PCIe SSD Review:...574k Dell XPS 13 (2015) Ultrabook Review,...549k AMD Ryzen Review: Ryzen 7 1800X, 1700X,...526k Alienware X51 R3 Review: Console-Sized...520k Alienware Area 51: Triad, Tri-SLI GTX...445k Getting A GeForce GTX 1080 Ti? Absolutely! No thanks Current NVIDIA card Current AMD card Vega for me Next GeForce please More Results MORE HOT STUFF IN MOBILE Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review:... Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium... HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile,... Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: Android... LG G6 Review: Design Elegance And... Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming Review:... Dell XPS 15 (9560) Review: More... Follow @HotHardware SITE Home Reviews News Blogs Images Mobile Site Sitemap CATEGORIES Components Systems IT/Enterprise Mobile Leisure Videos COMPANY About Advertise News Tips Contact MORE Forums Shop STAY CONNECTED Twitter Facebook Google + YouTube Feedburner This site is intended for informational and entertainment purposes only. The contents are the views and opinion of the author and/or his associates. All products and trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Reproduction in whole or in part, in any form or medium, without express written permission of HotHardware.com, LLC. is prohibited. All content and graphical elements are Copyright © 1999 - 2017 David Altavilla and HotHardware.com, LLC. All rights reserved. Privacy and Terms Subscribe to HH News Alerts! Preview Email Address
SHOP MOBILE SITE SEND US TIPS JOIN LOG IN Search all All News Features Blogs Forums CATEGORIES Reviews News Blogs Images Shop COMPONENTS All Components Recent additions: AMD Ryzen 5 1600X And 1500X Processor Review: Affordable Zen Takes On Core i5 AMD Ryzen Game Optimization Begins: Ashes Of The Singularity Patched And Tested Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Benchmark First Look, A Mobile Powerhouse Emerges Processors Recent additions: AMD Ryzen 5 1600X And 1500X Processor Review: Affordable Zen Takes On Core i5 AMD Ryzen Game Optimization Begins: Ashes Of The Singularity Patched And Tested Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Benchmark First Look, A Mobile Powerhouse Emerges Graphics/Sound Recent additions: EVGA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti SC2 GAMING Review: Dialing-In On Performance NVIDIA Volta-Powered DGX-1 And DGX Station AI Supercomputers Debut At GTC 2017 MSI GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Gaming X 11G Review: Blazing-Fast And Custom Cooled Motherboards Recent additions: AMD Announces X300 And X370 AM4 Motherboards For Ryzen Processors, All Chips Unlocked Gigabyte Z170X-Designare Motherboard Review: Affordable, High-Tech, Great Performance Rivet Networks Killer E2500 Gigabit Ethernet For Gamers With Advanced QoS Tested Storage Recent additions: Micron 5100 ECO and MAX SSD Review: High-Capacity, Affordable Datacenter Storage Intel Optane Memory With 3D XPoint Review: Easy, Robust PC Acceleration Samsung EVO Plus microSDXC 128GB Card Rips File Transfers Up To 100MB/s Misc Recent additions: Hykso Punch Trackers Review: Boxing Meets Wearable Technology Netgear Nighthawk X10 Wireless AD7200 Router Review [Updated] The Best Of CES 2017 SYSTEMS All Systems Recent additions: Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big Gaming Performance In A Small Package Maingear Vybe Review: Dual GTX 1070s And Kaby Lake Cranked To 5GHz The Best Of CES 2017 Desktops Recent additions: Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big Gaming Performance In A Small Package Maingear Vybe Review: Dual GTX 1070s And Kaby Lake Cranked To 5GHz Dell XPS 27 (7760) All-In-One Desktop Review: 4K Touch And Wired For Sound DIY Recent additions: Gigabyte Brix S GB-BSi5HT-6200 Ultra Compact SFF PC Review New Matter MOD-t 3D Printer Review: Low Cost, User-Friendly Creation AMD Powered Star Wars Battlefront Radeon 380X-Powered Gaming PC Build Small Form Factor Recent additions: Lenovo Annouces ThinkStation P320 Workstations With Kaby Lake And Quadro Graphics For VR Developers Gigabyte BRIX Gaming UHD Review With Teardown And Rebuild Action Intel Compute Stick Core m3 Review: Skylake On A Thumbstick IT/ENTERPRISE All IT/Enterprise Recent additions: AMD Naples Zen Platform Makes ‘EPYC’ Debut For Data Center Market Intel Announces Xeon Scalable Processor Family Based On Skylake-SP Toshiba's Non-Encrypted HK4 SSDs Now Shipping In High Performance NetApp SolidFire Data Center Products Workstation Recent additions: Aquantia Launches Multi-Gigabit NICs For Enthusiast-Class PCs and Professional Workstations Intel Kaby Lake Xeon E3-1200 Family Takes Flight Lenovo Annouces ThinkStation P320 Workstations With Kaby Lake And Quadro Graphics For VR Developers Data Center/SMB Recent additions: AMD Naples Zen Platform Makes ‘EPYC’ Debut For Data Center Market Intel Announces Xeon Scalable Processor Family Based On Skylake-SP Toshiba's Non-Encrypted HK4 SSDs Now Shipping In High Performance NetApp SolidFire Data Center Products Cloud Recent additions: Microsoft Legal Marijuana Tracking Software Has A Serious Case Of The Munchies ProtectWise Builds Security As A Service Platform With DVR Playback And Jacks You Into The Matrix NVIDIA Launches GeForce NOW Game Streaming Service Software Recent additions: Microsoft CodePlex Open Source Repository Closing, Devs Urged To Embrace Github Microsoft Rolls Out Wake On LAN For Easier Remote Windows 10 Updates Google Chrome For macOS Gains Enhanced Safe Browsing Malware Protection MOBILE All Mobile Recent additions: Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review: Optimized Mobility Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium Android Productivity And Entertainment HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Notebooks Recent additions: Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review: Optimized Mobility HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming Review: Great Battery Life, Strong Performance, Affordable Price Smartphones Recent additions: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: Android Excellence In Performance And Design LG G6 Review: Design Elegance And Efficiency A Winning Combination Australian Regulators Sue Apple Over Fatal Error 53 Bricking Of Repaired iPhones Tablets Recent additions: Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium Android Productivity And Entertainment HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Dell XPS 13 2-In-1 Review - Portable And Flexible Living On The Infinity Edge Gadgets Recent additions: GoPro Fusion Spherical 360 Degree VR 5.2K Camera Launching 2H 2017 Hykso Punch Trackers Review: Boxing Meets Wearable Technology Amazfit Pace GPS Smartwatch Review: Sleek, Attractive, And Great Battery Life LEISURE All Leisure Recent additions: Sole Surviving Nintendo PlayStation Rare Prototype Is Now Fully Functional Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Razer Lancehead eSports Gaming Mouse Promises Unmatched Wireless Performance Entertainment Recent additions: Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Google Launches $35/Month YouTube TV Streaming Service For Discerning Cord Cutters NVIDIA SHIELD TV (2017) Review: Smart Home, 4K HDR, And Game Streaming Gaming Recent additions: Sole Surviving Nintendo PlayStation Rare Prototype Is Now Fully Functional Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Razer Lancehead eSports Gaming Mouse Promises Unmatched Wireless Performance Social Recent additions: Tinder Users Outaged As Machine Learning App Scrapes And Exposes 40,000 Profile Photos Merriam-Webster Adds ‘Sheeple’ To Dictionary Citing Apple Fans As Prime Examples Twitter Getting Rid Of The Default Egg Profile Picture That Has A Bad Actor Reputation VIDEOS All videos 2.5 Geeks Reviews/How Tos FORUMS BLOGS Shop Subscribe TRENDING: Vega AMD ThreadRipper AMD EPYC Microsoft Surface Radeon RX 580 Samsung Galaxy S8 home Mobile Notebooks by Chris Goetting — Friday, March 24, 2017 Dell XPS 15 (9560) Review: More Performance, Same Killer Good Looks Article Index:    Dell XPS 15 (9560) Now Infused With Kaby Lake And GeForce 10 Dell XPS 15 (9560) User Experience And Software Dell XPS 15 (9560): General Compute Benchmarks Dell XPS 15 (9560): 3DMark Benchmarks Dell XPS 15 (9560): Gaming Benchmarks Dell XPS 15 (9560): Battery Life & Final Thoughts Dell XPS 15 (9560) Now Infused With Kaby Lake And GeForce 10 Lately, Dell has been able to deliver notebooks that bring a smile to our faces, especially when a new XPS laptop slides across our desk. It hasn't always been that way, but since revamping the XPS line, starting with the XPS 13 back in 2015, Dell’s premium laptops have been leaders in the ultrabook market, especially in the 15 and 13-inch formats. The XPS 13 and its new 2-in-1 variant make great and highly portable workstations to tote around, but their smaller frames and relative horsepower may not be for everybody. That’s where the crossover to a 15-inch machine might make for a worthy trade-off. For a little more heft, the XPS 15 of yesteryear boasted a discrete GTX 960M onboard with a Skylake quad-core processor, to the XPS 13 line’s integrated graphics on a dual-core chip. As we showed, this allowed the XPS 15 (9550) to brush shoulders with some entry level gaming notebooks, while still looking at home with a business suit. Now the XPS 15 is back and ready to rumble with even more guts in the same alluring chassis. While its looks have not changed, the XPS 15 (9560) has traded up to seventh generation Kaby Lake processors and Pascal graphics, by way of NVIDIA’s GeForce GTX 1050. Pascal GPUs, in particular, have made for impressive performance gains this year, over last year’s Maxwell architecture. While the move from a GeForce GTX 960M to a GTX 1050 may sound like a step back in model numbering to some, the later is much more capable in reality for folks that like to game. How much better? Check out Dave's impressions in the video here with respect to just gaming, and read on ahead for more detail on the rest of the story...  Our review unit is kitted out with Intel’s Core i7-7700HQ, the aforementioned NVIDIA GTX 1050 with 4GB GDDR5, 16GB of 2400MHz dual-channel DDR4 memory (2 x 8GB), a 512GB Samsung PM961 NVMe SSD, Killer Wireless 1535 802.11ac 2x2 networking, a 4K Ultra HD (3840 x 2160) InfinityEdge touch display, 97WHr battery, and Windows 10 Home x64 for a premium pricetag of $2049.99. However, this rings in nearly $200 cheaper than the comparable configuration we scoped out last year. Check out the full specs below. Dell XPS 15 Specifications & Features Processor Options 7th Gen Intel Core i3-7100H (3M Cache, up to 3.0 GHz) 7th Gen Intel Core i5-7300HQ Quad-Core (6M Cache, up to 3.5 GHz) 7th Gen Intel Core i7-7700HQ Quad-Core (6M Cache, up to 3.8 GHz) Dimensions Height: 0.45-0.66 inches (11-17mm) / Width: 14.06 inches (357mm) / Depth: 9.27 inches (235mm) Starting at weight Starting at 4 lbs(1.8kg) with 56Whr battery, SSD, and non-touch display Starting at 4.5 lbs(2kg) with 97Whr battery, SSD and touch display Display options 15.6” FHD (1920x1080) InfinityEdge display 15.6” UltraSharp 4K Ultra HD (3840x2160) InfinityEdge touch display 350-nit, 1000:1 contrast ratio, 72% typical on FHD,100% minimum Adobe RGB on 4K Ultra HD, 170° wide viewing angle -85°/ 85°/ 85°/ 85° Capacitive touchscreen –10-finger touch support Construction CNC machined aluminum Edge-to-edge Corning Gorilla Glass NBT on 4K Ultra HD display Carbon fiber composite palm rest with soft touch paint Memory Options 8GB, 16GB or 32GB DDR4 at 2400 MHz (2 x SoDIMMs) Graphics Intel HD Graphics 630 NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1050 4GB GDDR5 graphics Battery 56Whr or 97Whr Battery (built-in) AC adapter 130W AC adapter Storage options 500GB HDD + 32GB Flash or 1TB HDD + 32GB Flash with Intel Smart Response Technology 256GB PCIe SSD, 512GB PCIe SSD, or 1TB PCIe SSD Keyboard /Touchpad Full size, backlit chiclet keyboard; 1.3mm travel Precision touchpad, seamless glass integrated button Wireless connectivity Killer 1535 Wireless-AC 2x2 + Bluetooth 4.1 Intel 8265 Wireless-AC 2x2 + Bluetooth 4.1 Miracast capable Audio Stereo Speaker, Dual Microphones, High Definition Audio with Waves MaxxAudio Pro Webcam Widescreen HD (720p) webcam with dual array digital microphones Ports and connectors HDMI 1.4, USB 3.0 (x2) with PowerShare; Headset Jack(1); SD card reader (SD, SDHC, SDXC); Kensington Lockslot; Thunderbolt 3: Thunderbolt 3 supports: Power in / charging, PowerShare, Thunderbolt 3 (20Gbps bi-directional), USB 3.1 Gen 2 (10Gbps), VGA, HDMI, Ethernet and USB-A via Dell Adapter (sold separately) Operating System Windows 10 Software Skype , Microsoft Edge, Dropbox Manageability and Security Options Factory Installed with Dell Command | Update and Dell Command | Power Manager, plus compatible with all Dell Client Command Suite tools. Dell Data Protection | Encryption (available via volume licensing), Dell Data Protection | Security Tools, BitLocker Data Encryption with Hardware TPM 2.0, optional Computrace, Configuration Services: Static Image, BIOS settings, Asset Tagging & Reporting  Pricing: As Configured and Tested: $2049 The XPS 15 (9560) is visually identical to last year’s XPS 15 (9550), down to port placement and availability - and that’s a very good thing. As such, we will only provide a brief refresher here, mechanically, but you can check out last year’s review as well, for all the gory details. The XPS line’s machined aluminum chassis and carbon fiber lined interior still feels every bit as premium as when the style was first introduced. Curiously lacking is a rose gold color option as can be found on the smaller XPS 13, maybe the coming months will bring us this choice? One has to have goals. We find our AC Power-in, a USB 3.0 Type-A port with PowerShare, an HDMI 1.4 port, a Thunderbolt 3 Type-C port, and headset jack along the left edge. On the right we have a Kensington Lock slot, battery gauge button and indicator, another USB 3.0 Type-A port with PowerShare, and a very welcome full-size SD card slot. Inside, we see the same, nearly unrivaled, 4K InfinityEdge touchscreen panel from last year. Really only Dell's own OLED displays have left us more impressed and we would love to see that option brought to the XPS line. Regardless, all is protected by Corning Gorilla Glass NBT for extra durability against scratches and greater strength - hopefully keeping your display in top condition longer. Of note, we actually could not scratch it with the screwdriver or keys we have on hand, but we caution not to try that at home. The display also does a fair job of mitigating reflections, though not as perfectly as a matte display. Still, the unit’s 350 nits of brightness helps it power through any condition short of directly reflecting the sun - at which point it serves as a very nice mirror. Below the display, and to the left of the Dell logo, the 720p webcam remains. This is a victim of the near bezel-less InfinityEdge display, but that doesn’t help ease the pain felt by users who frequently rely upon it. If you do fall into that group, you may want to consider a USB webcam. Also sometimes controversial is the XPS 15’s keyboard. The keys are very low profile with minimal travel, though they do at least provide decent tactile feedback with near-zero board flex. It does generally take an adjustment period to grow accustomed to, but does eventually feel quite comfortable. This year’s XPS 15 also offers an optional fingerprint reader for $25. This would sit just below the arrow keys, but our unit does not have it included. The fingerprint reader is Windows Hello compatible for enhanced security. NEXT PAGE Article Index:    Dell XPS 15 (9560) Now Infused With Kaby Lake And GeForce 10 Dell XPS 15 (9560) User Experience And Software Dell XPS 15 (9560): General Compute Benchmarks Dell XPS 15 (9560): 3DMark Benchmarks Dell XPS 15 (9560): Gaming Benchmarks Dell XPS 15 (9560): Battery Life & Final Thoughts Tags:  Dell, Notebook, laptop, XPS, Ultrabook, XPS 15, kaby lake, geforce 10 Image gallery Related content Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review: Optimized Mobility Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium Android Productivity And Entertainment HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: Android Excellence In Performance And Design LG G6 Review: Design Elegance And Efficiency A Winning Combination Comments Show comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Follow Us: Twitter Facebook RSS Email YouTube AppStore Google+ 85K 9K 4K 25K CONVERSATIONS Monster Intel 12-Core i9-7920X Leaked...34 AMD Radeon Vega Frontier Edition...20 Intel Kills Rumors Of ‘Confirmed’ GPU...12 Aquantia Launches Multi-Gigabit NICs For...11 AMD 16-Core ThreadRipper Enthusiast CPUs...11 AMD Ryzen 9 Threadripper Enthusiast CPU...10 Security Researcher Temporarily Stops...9 FEATURED Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review:... Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium... EVGA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti SC2 GAMING... Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big... MSI GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Gaming X 11G... Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice... Micron 5100 ECO and MAX SSD Review:... FAVORITES 6 TB Hard Drive Round-Up: WD Red, WD...781k Intel Core i7-6700K And Z170 Chipset...634k Intel SSD 750 Series PCIe SSD Review:...574k Dell XPS 13 (2015) Ultrabook Review,...549k AMD Ryzen Review: Ryzen 7 1800X, 1700X,...526k Alienware X51 R3 Review: Console-Sized...520k Alienware Area 51: Triad, Tri-SLI GTX...445k Getting A GeForce GTX 1080 Ti? Absolutely! No thanks Current NVIDIA card Current AMD card Vega for me Next GeForce please More Results MORE HOT STUFF IN MOBILE Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review:... Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium... HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile,... Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: Android... LG G6 Review: Design Elegance And... Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming Review:... Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Benchmark First... Follow @HotHardware SITE Home Reviews News Blogs Images Mobile Site Sitemap CATEGORIES Components Systems IT/Enterprise Mobile Leisure Videos COMPANY About Advertise News Tips Contact MORE Forums Shop STAY CONNECTED Twitter Facebook Google + YouTube Feedburner This site is intended for informational and entertainment purposes only. The contents are the views and opinion of the author and/or his associates. All products and trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Reproduction in whole or in part, in any form or medium, without express written permission of HotHardware.com, LLC. is prohibited. All content and graphical elements are Copyright © 1999 - 2017 David Altavilla and HotHardware.com, LLC. All rights reserved. Privacy and Terms Subscribe to HH News Alerts! Preview Email Address
SHOP MOBILE SITE SEND US TIPS JOIN LOG IN Search all All News Features Blogs Forums CATEGORIES Reviews News Blogs Images Shop COMPONENTS All Components Recent additions: AMD Ryzen 5 1600X And 1500X Processor Review: Affordable Zen Takes On Core i5 AMD Ryzen Game Optimization Begins: Ashes Of The Singularity Patched And Tested Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Benchmark First Look, A Mobile Powerhouse Emerges Processors Recent additions: AMD Ryzen 5 1600X And 1500X Processor Review: Affordable Zen Takes On Core i5 AMD Ryzen Game Optimization Begins: Ashes Of The Singularity Patched And Tested Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Benchmark First Look, A Mobile Powerhouse Emerges Graphics/Sound Recent additions: EVGA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti SC2 GAMING Review: Dialing-In On Performance NVIDIA Volta-Powered DGX-1 And DGX Station AI Supercomputers Debut At GTC 2017 MSI GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Gaming X 11G Review: Blazing-Fast And Custom Cooled Motherboards Recent additions: AMD Announces X300 And X370 AM4 Motherboards For Ryzen Processors, All Chips Unlocked Gigabyte Z170X-Designare Motherboard Review: Affordable, High-Tech, Great Performance Rivet Networks Killer E2500 Gigabit Ethernet For Gamers With Advanced QoS Tested Storage Recent additions: Micron 5100 ECO and MAX SSD Review: High-Capacity, Affordable Datacenter Storage Intel Optane Memory With 3D XPoint Review: Easy, Robust PC Acceleration Samsung EVO Plus microSDXC 128GB Card Rips File Transfers Up To 100MB/s Misc Recent additions: Hykso Punch Trackers Review: Boxing Meets Wearable Technology Netgear Nighthawk X10 Wireless AD7200 Router Review [Updated] The Best Of CES 2017 SYSTEMS All Systems Recent additions: Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big Gaming Performance In A Small Package Maingear Vybe Review: Dual GTX 1070s And Kaby Lake Cranked To 5GHz The Best Of CES 2017 Desktops Recent additions: Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big Gaming Performance In A Small Package Maingear Vybe Review: Dual GTX 1070s And Kaby Lake Cranked To 5GHz Dell XPS 27 (7760) All-In-One Desktop Review: 4K Touch And Wired For Sound DIY Recent additions: Gigabyte Brix S GB-BSi5HT-6200 Ultra Compact SFF PC Review New Matter MOD-t 3D Printer Review: Low Cost, User-Friendly Creation AMD Powered Star Wars Battlefront Radeon 380X-Powered Gaming PC Build Small Form Factor Recent additions: Lenovo Annouces ThinkStation P320 Workstations With Kaby Lake And Quadro Graphics For VR Developers Gigabyte BRIX Gaming UHD Review With Teardown And Rebuild Action Intel Compute Stick Core m3 Review: Skylake On A Thumbstick IT/ENTERPRISE All IT/Enterprise Recent additions: AMD Naples Zen Platform Makes ‘EPYC’ Debut For Data Center Market Intel Announces Xeon Scalable Processor Family Based On Skylake-SP Toshiba's Non-Encrypted HK4 SSDs Now Shipping In High Performance NetApp SolidFire Data Center Products Workstation Recent additions: Aquantia Launches Multi-Gigabit NICs For Enthusiast-Class PCs and Professional Workstations Intel Kaby Lake Xeon E3-1200 Family Takes Flight Lenovo Annouces ThinkStation P320 Workstations With Kaby Lake And Quadro Graphics For VR Developers Data Center/SMB Recent additions: AMD Naples Zen Platform Makes ‘EPYC’ Debut For Data Center Market Intel Announces Xeon Scalable Processor Family Based On Skylake-SP Toshiba's Non-Encrypted HK4 SSDs Now Shipping In High Performance NetApp SolidFire Data Center Products Cloud Recent additions: Microsoft Legal Marijuana Tracking Software Has A Serious Case Of The Munchies ProtectWise Builds Security As A Service Platform With DVR Playback And Jacks You Into The Matrix NVIDIA Launches GeForce NOW Game Streaming Service Software Recent additions: Microsoft CodePlex Open Source Repository Closing, Devs Urged To Embrace Github Microsoft Rolls Out Wake On LAN For Easier Remote Windows 10 Updates Google Chrome For macOS Gains Enhanced Safe Browsing Malware Protection MOBILE All Mobile Recent additions: Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review: Optimized Mobility Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium Android Productivity And Entertainment HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Notebooks Recent additions: Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review: Optimized Mobility HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming Review: Great Battery Life, Strong Performance, Affordable Price Smartphones Recent additions: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: Android Excellence In Performance And Design LG G6 Review: Design Elegance And Efficiency A Winning Combination Australian Regulators Sue Apple Over Fatal Error 53 Bricking Of Repaired iPhones Tablets Recent additions: Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium Android Productivity And Entertainment HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Dell XPS 13 2-In-1 Review - Portable And Flexible Living On The Infinity Edge Gadgets Recent additions: GoPro Fusion Spherical 360 Degree VR 5.2K Camera Launching 2H 2017 Hykso Punch Trackers Review: Boxing Meets Wearable Technology Amazfit Pace GPS Smartwatch Review: Sleek, Attractive, And Great Battery Life LEISURE All Leisure Recent additions: Sole Surviving Nintendo PlayStation Rare Prototype Is Now Fully Functional Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Razer Lancehead eSports Gaming Mouse Promises Unmatched Wireless Performance Entertainment Recent additions: Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Google Launches $35/Month YouTube TV Streaming Service For Discerning Cord Cutters NVIDIA SHIELD TV (2017) Review: Smart Home, 4K HDR, And Game Streaming Gaming Recent additions: Sole Surviving Nintendo PlayStation Rare Prototype Is Now Fully Functional Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Razer Lancehead eSports Gaming Mouse Promises Unmatched Wireless Performance Social Recent additions: Tinder Users Outaged As Machine Learning App Scrapes And Exposes 40,000 Profile Photos Merriam-Webster Adds ‘Sheeple’ To Dictionary Citing Apple Fans As Prime Examples Twitter Getting Rid Of The Default Egg Profile Picture That Has A Bad Actor Reputation VIDEOS All videos 2.5 Geeks Reviews/How Tos FORUMS BLOGS Shop Subscribe TRENDING: Vega AMD ThreadRipper AMD EPYC Microsoft Surface Radeon RX 580 Samsung Galaxy S8 home Mobile Notebooks by Dave Altavilla — Thursday, December 01, 2016 Dell XPS 13 Review: Kaby Lake Makes A Fantastic 13-Inch Laptop Even Better Article Index:    Dell's XPS 13 (9360) Refreshed With Intel Kaby Lake Takes It Up A Notch Up Close And Personal With The Dell XPS 13 XPS 13 SiSoft SANDRA, ATTO Disk and SunSpider Testing XPS 13 Cinebench And PCMark 8 Benchmarks XPS 13 3DMark And FarCry 2 Tests XPS 13 Battery Life and The Wrap-Up Dell's XPS 13 (9360) Refreshed With Intel Kaby Lake Takes It Up A Notch Mechanically speaking, Dell has done little to change or update the company's wildly popular XPS 13 and 15 series of premium consumer notebooks since their initial release. There's no mystery as to why that is the case, however. When something works this well, you stick with it. The Dell XPS 13 and XPS 15 have been two of the best selling notebooks in the company's history. That's a bold statement and it stands to reason. The Dell XPS 13 and XPS 15 line of machines, with their unique Infinity Edge displays and gorgeous carbon fiber and aluminum adorned chassis, are some of the best looking, best built, and highest performing laptops on the market. However, despite minimal exterior design changes, Dell has taken a vigorous approach to refreshing the XPS 13 and 15 line of notebooks with the latest Intel processor platforms. In fact, the new Dell XPS 13 9360 we have on tap for review here today is one of the first notebooks we've received in for testing with Intel's 7th Generation Kaby Lake Core series processor technology powering the experience. Asus actually snuck in under the wire ahead of Dell with the ZenBook 3 we looked at recently, but Dell was close behind with its venerable XPS 13, refreshed and tweaked-up with Kaby Lake and - wait a minute, we lied - now also adorned in a Rose Gold finish. Dell XPS 13 9360 Specifications & Features Processor Options 7th Gen Intel Core i7-7500U (4MB Cache, up to 3.5GHz) Display 13.3" QHD+ (3200 x 1800) 276ppi IGZO IPS InfinityEdge touch display, 400 nits, 1000:1 contrast ratio, 72% color gamut Graphics Intel HD Graphics 620 Memory 8GB LPDDR3 1866MHz (On board) Storage 256GB PCIe NVMe Solid State Drive Optical N/A Ethernet N/A WiFi Killer™ 1535 Wireless-AC 2x2 + Bluetooth 4.1 Interface (Left) Power/DC-in Jack; Thunderbolt 3 (USB 3.1 Gen 2 Type-C); USB 3.0; Battery Gauge Button, Headset Jack, speaker Interface (Right) Noble Lock Slot; Power Button, USB 3.0 w/ PowerShare, 3-in-1 SD Card Reader, Speaker Interface (Back) N/A Webcam Widescreen HD (720p) webcam with dual array digital microphones Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Battery 4-cell Lithium Ion (60 WHr) Dimensions Height: 0.33-0.6” (9-15mm) / Width: 11.98” (304mm) / Depth: 7.88” (200mm) Weight 2.9 pounds (1.29kg) with Touch Display, 2.7 pounds (1.2kg) Non Touch Warranty 1 Year Limited Hardware Warranty with Onsite service after remote diagnosis Pricing $1,649.99 as configured with Rose Gold ($1599 standard silver) The other notable internal change, beyond its Intel 7th Gen Core series processor, is a slightly beefed up battery, which is now at 60WHr, whereas the previous generation weighed in at 56WHr. In addition, the XPS 13 is also enabled with a Rivet Networks Killer 1535 Wireless AC 2x2 + Bluetooth 4.1 WiFi NIC, which adds a bit of QoS mojo for bandwidth and app prioritization. Feel free to read up on that right here if you like. We should also note that we have the high res 3200x1800 IGZO IPS touch display in our machine, though a 1080p non-touch display option is available as well.  And of course there's that swank anodized aluminum top and bottom lid material, now buffed up with a Rose Gold finish, if you so choose, for a modest $50 up-charge. Riding shotgun above is the XPS 13's power brick, sans its three conductor wall cable. The AC adapter itself is tiny -- slightly smaller than palm size -- and as you can see, it also coils up nicely for easy stow away and travel. As configured, and in Rose Gold, the machine we're looking at here today is priced at $1649, though the Core i5-7200U with 1920X1080 non-touch display retails for $1149. That's relatively competitive, when you consider the new 13-inch MacBook Pro with a last gen Intel Skylake Core i5 processor and 2560X1600 Retina display retails for $1499.   Let's flip up the lid and have a closer look around...  NEXT PAGE Article Index:    Dell's XPS 13 (9360) Refreshed With Intel Kaby Lake Takes It Up A Notch Up Close And Personal With The Dell XPS 13 XPS 13 SiSoft SANDRA, ATTO Disk and SunSpider Testing XPS 13 Cinebench And PCMark 8 Benchmarks XPS 13 3DMark And FarCry 2 Tests XPS 13 Battery Life and The Wrap-Up Tags:  Dell, Notebook, laptop, XPS, review, XPS 13, infinity-edge, kaby-lake, xps 13 9360 Image gallery Related content Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review: Optimized Mobility Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium Android Productivity And Entertainment HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: Android Excellence In Performance And Design LG G6 Review: Design Elegance And Efficiency A Winning Combination Comments Show comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Follow Us: Twitter Facebook RSS Email YouTube AppStore Google+ 85K 9K 4K 25K CONVERSATIONS Monster Intel 12-Core i9-7920X Leaked...34 AMD Radeon Vega Frontier Edition...20 Intel Kills Rumors Of ‘Confirmed’ GPU...12 Aquantia Launches Multi-Gigabit NICs For...11 AMD 16-Core ThreadRipper Enthusiast CPUs...11 AMD Ryzen 9 Threadripper Enthusiast CPU...10 Security Researcher Temporarily Stops...9 FEATURED Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review:... Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium... EVGA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti SC2 GAMING... Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big... MSI GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Gaming X 11G... Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice... Micron 5100 ECO and MAX SSD Review:... FAVORITES 6 TB Hard Drive Round-Up: WD Red, WD...781k Intel Core i7-6700K And Z170 Chipset...634k Intel SSD 750 Series PCIe SSD Review:...574k Dell XPS 13 (2015) Ultrabook Review,...549k AMD Ryzen Review: Ryzen 7 1800X, 1700X,...526k Alienware X51 R3 Review: Console-Sized...520k Alienware Area 51: Triad, Tri-SLI GTX...445k Getting A GeForce GTX 1080 Ti? Absolutely! No thanks Current NVIDIA card Current AMD card Vega for me Next GeForce please More Results MORE HOT STUFF IN MOBILE Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review:... Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium... HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile,... Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: Android... LG G6 Review: Design Elegance And... Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming Review:... Dell XPS 15 (9560) Review: More... Follow @HotHardware SITE Home Reviews News Blogs Images Mobile Site Sitemap CATEGORIES Components Systems IT/Enterprise Mobile Leisure Videos COMPANY About Advertise News Tips Contact MORE Forums Shop STAY CONNECTED Twitter Facebook Google + YouTube Feedburner This site is intended for informational and entertainment purposes only. The contents are the views and opinion of the author and/or his associates. All products and trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Reproduction in whole or in part, in any form or medium, without express written permission of HotHardware.com, LLC. is prohibited. All content and graphical elements are Copyright © 1999 - 2017 David Altavilla and HotHardware.com, LLC. All rights reserved. Privacy and Terms Subscribe to HH News Alerts! Preview Email Address
SHOP MOBILE SITE SEND US TIPS JOIN LOG IN Search all All News Features Blogs Forums CATEGORIES Reviews News Blogs Images Shop COMPONENTS All Components Recent additions: AMD Ryzen 5 1600X And 1500X Processor Review: Affordable Zen Takes On Core i5 AMD Ryzen Game Optimization Begins: Ashes Of The Singularity Patched And Tested Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Benchmark First Look, A Mobile Powerhouse Emerges Processors Recent additions: AMD Ryzen 5 1600X And 1500X Processor Review: Affordable Zen Takes On Core i5 AMD Ryzen Game Optimization Begins: Ashes Of The Singularity Patched And Tested Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Benchmark First Look, A Mobile Powerhouse Emerges Graphics/Sound Recent additions: EVGA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti SC2 GAMING Review: Dialing-In On Performance NVIDIA Volta-Powered DGX-1 And DGX Station AI Supercomputers Debut At GTC 2017 MSI GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Gaming X 11G Review: Blazing-Fast And Custom Cooled Motherboards Recent additions: AMD Announces X300 And X370 AM4 Motherboards For Ryzen Processors, All Chips Unlocked Gigabyte Z170X-Designare Motherboard Review: Affordable, High-Tech, Great Performance Rivet Networks Killer E2500 Gigabit Ethernet For Gamers With Advanced QoS Tested Storage Recent additions: Micron 5100 ECO and MAX SSD Review: High-Capacity, Affordable Datacenter Storage Intel Optane Memory With 3D XPoint Review: Easy, Robust PC Acceleration Samsung EVO Plus microSDXC 128GB Card Rips File Transfers Up To 100MB/s Misc Recent additions: Hykso Punch Trackers Review: Boxing Meets Wearable Technology Netgear Nighthawk X10 Wireless AD7200 Router Review [Updated] The Best Of CES 2017 SYSTEMS All Systems Recent additions: Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big Gaming Performance In A Small Package Maingear Vybe Review: Dual GTX 1070s And Kaby Lake Cranked To 5GHz The Best Of CES 2017 Desktops Recent additions: Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big Gaming Performance In A Small Package Maingear Vybe Review: Dual GTX 1070s And Kaby Lake Cranked To 5GHz Dell XPS 27 (7760) All-In-One Desktop Review: 4K Touch And Wired For Sound DIY Recent additions: Gigabyte Brix S GB-BSi5HT-6200 Ultra Compact SFF PC Review New Matter MOD-t 3D Printer Review: Low Cost, User-Friendly Creation AMD Powered Star Wars Battlefront Radeon 380X-Powered Gaming PC Build Small Form Factor Recent additions: Lenovo Annouces ThinkStation P320 Workstations With Kaby Lake And Quadro Graphics For VR Developers Gigabyte BRIX Gaming UHD Review With Teardown And Rebuild Action Intel Compute Stick Core m3 Review: Skylake On A Thumbstick IT/ENTERPRISE All IT/Enterprise Recent additions: AMD Naples Zen Platform Makes ‘EPYC’ Debut For Data Center Market Intel Announces Xeon Scalable Processor Family Based On Skylake-SP Toshiba's Non-Encrypted HK4 SSDs Now Shipping In High Performance NetApp SolidFire Data Center Products Workstation Recent additions: Aquantia Launches Multi-Gigabit NICs For Enthusiast-Class PCs and Professional Workstations Intel Kaby Lake Xeon E3-1200 Family Takes Flight Lenovo Annouces ThinkStation P320 Workstations With Kaby Lake And Quadro Graphics For VR Developers Data Center/SMB Recent additions: AMD Naples Zen Platform Makes ‘EPYC’ Debut For Data Center Market Intel Announces Xeon Scalable Processor Family Based On Skylake-SP Toshiba's Non-Encrypted HK4 SSDs Now Shipping In High Performance NetApp SolidFire Data Center Products Cloud Recent additions: Microsoft Legal Marijuana Tracking Software Has A Serious Case Of The Munchies ProtectWise Builds Security As A Service Platform With DVR Playback And Jacks You Into The Matrix NVIDIA Launches GeForce NOW Game Streaming Service Software Recent additions: Microsoft CodePlex Open Source Repository Closing, Devs Urged To Embrace Github Microsoft Rolls Out Wake On LAN For Easier Remote Windows 10 Updates Google Chrome For macOS Gains Enhanced Safe Browsing Malware Protection MOBILE All Mobile Recent additions: Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review: Optimized Mobility Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium Android Productivity And Entertainment HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Notebooks Recent additions: Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review: Optimized Mobility HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming Review: Great Battery Life, Strong Performance, Affordable Price Smartphones Recent additions: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: Android Excellence In Performance And Design LG G6 Review: Design Elegance And Efficiency A Winning Combination Australian Regulators Sue Apple Over Fatal Error 53 Bricking Of Repaired iPhones Tablets Recent additions: Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium Android Productivity And Entertainment HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Dell XPS 13 2-In-1 Review - Portable And Flexible Living On The Infinity Edge Gadgets Recent additions: GoPro Fusion Spherical 360 Degree VR 5.2K Camera Launching 2H 2017 Hykso Punch Trackers Review: Boxing Meets Wearable Technology Amazfit Pace GPS Smartwatch Review: Sleek, Attractive, And Great Battery Life LEISURE All Leisure Recent additions: Sole Surviving Nintendo PlayStation Rare Prototype Is Now Fully Functional Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Razer Lancehead eSports Gaming Mouse Promises Unmatched Wireless Performance Entertainment Recent additions: Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Google Launches $35/Month YouTube TV Streaming Service For Discerning Cord Cutters NVIDIA SHIELD TV (2017) Review: Smart Home, 4K HDR, And Game Streaming Gaming Recent additions: Sole Surviving Nintendo PlayStation Rare Prototype Is Now Fully Functional Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Razer Lancehead eSports Gaming Mouse Promises Unmatched Wireless Performance Social Recent additions: Tinder Users Outaged As Machine Learning App Scrapes And Exposes 40,000 Profile Photos Merriam-Webster Adds ‘Sheeple’ To Dictionary Citing Apple Fans As Prime Examples Twitter Getting Rid Of The Default Egg Profile Picture That Has A Bad Actor Reputation VIDEOS All videos 2.5 Geeks Reviews/How Tos FORUMS BLOGS Shop Subscribe TRENDING: Vega AMD ThreadRipper AMD EPYC Microsoft Surface Radeon RX 580 Samsung Galaxy S8 home Mobile Notebooks by Joshua Gulick — Thursday, December 15, 2016 Acer Swift 7 Review: A Thin, Sleek, Kaby Lake Powered Ultrabook Article Index:    The Acer Swift 7 Kaby Lake-Powered Ultrabook Acer Swift 7 Design Acer Swift 7 ATTO Disk, SunSpider, And Cinebench Performance Acer Swift 7 PCMark 8, 3DMark, And Far Cry 2 Performance Acer Swift 7 Battery Life And Noise Acer Swift 7 Performance Summary and Conclusion The Acer Swift 7 Kaby Lake-Powered Ultrabook Acer has consistently expanded and refined its mobile product offerings, to include everything from affordable mainstream notebooks, to sleek ultrabooks that use premium materials. The veteran PC maker has developed a sense of style and is putting real effort into creating thin, functional laptops, that also happen to look good. The Swift 7 is one of the thinnest laptops on the market, and it has some interesting hardware squeezed inside, too. But going ultra-thin often results with performance or functionality compromises, so we were taken aback that Acer dubbed its thinnest laptop “Swift.” We brought one in to see just how fast (and how fun) this Kaby Lake-powered laptop really is. Acer’s Swift 7 is just 0.39 inches "thick", but it faces serious competition from systems that are only a few millimeters thicker. We recently checked out the Asus ZenBook 3, another ultra-thin laptop (0.47 inches) sporting a Kaby Lake processor. HP is also going thin with its Spectre (0.41 inches) system and Dell recently refreshed its vaunted XPS 13 ultrabook (0.6 inches at its thickest) with Kaby Lake, as well. Given that so many similarly-sized laptops are available, the Swift needs to have more to offer than simply being the thinnest laptop. With that in mind, let’s take a look under the hood… Acer Swift 7 Specifications & Features Processor 7th Gen. Intel Core i5-7Y54 Dual-Core 1.2GHz (Max 3.2GHz) 4MB Cache OS Windows Home 64-bit Display 13.3-inch FHD (1920 x 1080) IPS Non-Touch Display, Acer BluelightShield Graphics Intel Graphics HD 615 Storage 8GB LPDDR3 Memory 256GB SSD Audio x2 Speakers; Dolby Digital Plus Home Theater, Acer TrueHarmony Camera 1280x720, Supports HDR Networking 802.11ac with 2x2 MU-MIMO; Bluetooth 4.0 Ports: Left Security Lock Slot Ports: Right x2 USB 3.1 Type-C  Keyboard Island-Style Keys; Precision Touchpad Battery 4-Cell 2770 mAh Li-Ion Extras USB 3.1 Type-C to HDMI adapter; USB 3.1 Type-C to USB 3.0 Adapter  Weight 2.48 Pounds Dimensions 12.78 x 9.04 x 0.39 Inches Warranty 1-Year Parts and Labor Price $999.99+ - Find It At Amazon The Swift 7 sports a 13.3-inch screen, which hits the sweet spot for many ultrabook users. It keeps the system portable without making for too cramped a display. The display’s resolution is 1920 x 1080, which may seem unexciting in a world of 4K displays, but it is a solid choice for a laptop like the Swift. Acer opted for an IPS panel too, which gives the display excellent viewing angles. You won’t need to sit right in front of the Swift 7 to enjoy a movie, which is something that will be appreciated by anyone who has owned an inexpensive laptop. Intel’s seventh generation processors, originally codenamed Kaby Lake, launched this fall, right in time for the holiday shopping season. The Swift 7 sports an Intel Core i5-7Y54, which is a dual core CPU that features a 4MB cache and Turbos from its 1.2GHz up to 3.2GHz. The on-board Intel HD Graphics 615 ought to give the Swift some respectable graphics muscle for machine in this class as well. Still, we’re seeing beefier CPUs in some of the systems that are a little thicker (and, in some cases, pricier) than the Swift 7, with the XPS 13 being a good example. The XPS 13 we recently tested featured a much more powerful Intel Core i7-7500U Kaby Lake processor. Acer squeezed 8GB of memory and a 256GB SSD into the Swift 7, along with a decent camera that supports high dynamic range (HDR) photos. The Swift 7 doesn’t have room for an Ethernet jack (or many other ports, sadly), but it features 802.11ac with MU-MIMO to ensure you can connect to wireless networks at fast speeds. The most surprising of the Swift 7’s features turned out to be the ones that aren’t there. The Swift 7 has only two USB 3.1 Type-C ports and a headset jack, much like the new MacBook Pro. And given the strong feelings of MacBook users about Apple’s decision to use only Type-C ports, it seems likely that the Swift 7’s lack of port variety will put off some would-be buyers. Acer puts HDMI and USB 3.0 dongles in the Swift 7’s box, which are handy, but we doubt it will be enough to satisfy everyone. NEXT PAGE Article Index:    The Acer Swift 7 Kaby Lake-Powered Ultrabook Acer Swift 7 Design Acer Swift 7 ATTO Disk, SunSpider, And Cinebench Performance Acer Swift 7 PCMark 8, 3DMark, And Far Cry 2 Performance Acer Swift 7 Battery Life And Noise Acer Swift 7 Performance Summary and Conclusion Tags:  Intel, Acer, thin, Ultrabook, kaby lake Image gallery Related content Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review: Optimized Mobility Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium Android Productivity And Entertainment HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: Android Excellence In Performance And Design LG G6 Review: Design Elegance And Efficiency A Winning Combination Comments Show comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Follow Us: Twitter Facebook RSS Email YouTube AppStore Google+ 85K 9K 4K 25K CONVERSATIONS Monster Intel 12-Core i9-7920X Leaked...34 AMD Radeon Vega Frontier Edition...20 Intel Kills Rumors Of ‘Confirmed’ GPU...12 Aquantia Launches Multi-Gigabit NICs For...11 AMD 16-Core ThreadRipper Enthusiast CPUs...11 AMD Ryzen 9 Threadripper Enthusiast CPU...10 Security Researcher Temporarily Stops...9 FEATURED Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review:... Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium... EVGA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti SC2 GAMING... Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big... MSI GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Gaming X 11G... Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice... Micron 5100 ECO and MAX SSD Review:... FAVORITES 6 TB Hard Drive Round-Up: WD Red, WD...781k Intel Core i7-6700K And Z170 Chipset...634k Intel SSD 750 Series PCIe SSD Review:...574k Dell XPS 13 (2015) Ultrabook Review,...549k AMD Ryzen Review: Ryzen 7 1800X, 1700X,...526k Alienware X51 R3 Review: Console-Sized...520k Alienware Area 51: Triad, Tri-SLI GTX...445k Getting A GeForce GTX 1080 Ti? Absolutely! No thanks Current NVIDIA card Current AMD card Vega for me Next GeForce please More Results MORE HOT STUFF IN MOBILE Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review:... Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium... HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile,... Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: Android... LG G6 Review: Design Elegance And... Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming Review:... Dell XPS 15 (9560) Review: More... Follow @HotHardware SITE Home Reviews News Blogs Images Mobile Site Sitemap CATEGORIES Components Systems IT/Enterprise Mobile Leisure Videos COMPANY About Advertise News Tips Contact MORE Forums Shop STAY CONNECTED Twitter Facebook Google + YouTube Feedburner This site is intended for informational and entertainment purposes only. The contents are the views and opinion of the author and/or his associates. All products and trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Reproduction in whole or in part, in any form or medium, without express written permission of HotHardware.com, LLC. is prohibited. All content and graphical elements are Copyright © 1999 - 2017 David Altavilla and HotHardware.com, LLC. All rights reserved. Privacy and Terms Subscribe to HH News Alerts! Preview Email Address
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Meghan arrives just in time for Pippa's high-flying reception after Harry's 100-mile dash to pick her up: Actress ducks cameras to avoid stealing limelight at Spitfire finale to million dollar wedding 'This makes me want to puke': Trump loyalist Roger Stone slams President for accepting highest civilian honor from 'enemy' Saudis who 'financed 9/11'  Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson and 'running mate' Tom Hanks plan 2020 presidential run in SNL monologue 'Every day he looks more and more like a complete moron': Trump officials 'complain about the president's behavior after he trash-talked James Comey to Russian officials'  Conrad Hilton is released from jail after his parents post $90,000 bail and ask that he be sent to a psychiatric hospital upon his release Princeton University admissions officers wrote of Asian applicants as having 'very familiar profiles' and that they were difficult to differentiate Trump curtsies for the King: Donald is mocked on Twitter for crouching 'like a sparkly princess' in front of Saudi royal and Melania - after slamming Obama for bowing to him in 2009 'A lot of money! Big dollars!' and 'jobs, jobs, jobs!' Trump team delivers $350 BILLION in new long-term business for US companies as Saudis snap up defense equipment Trump's game of Russian roulette: The Donald's denial of ANY links to Russia is absolute and cost FBI boss his job. So how does he explain this dossier of shady deals and Moscow money?  Melania the watch dog: First Lady 'flags up negative stories to Trump and doesn't think his press team does enough to defend him' Trump tells Pentagon to 'annihilate' ISIS by surrounding and killing them instead of chasing them out of hiding Dance your troubles away? Melania laughs as Trump joins in traditional sword jig in Saudi Arabia on first night of international tour Notre Dame students plan to walk out of Pence's commencement speech after he urged class at Pennsylvania college to become leaders while citing Trump's 'leadership and perseverance' as example Aircraft carrier USS Ronald Reagan moves to Korean Peninsula for training exercises as tensions grow between US and North Korea Comey is 'convinced Trump WAS trying to influence him' over Russia probe as the fired FBI director agrees to testify in front of Senate intel committee I hate to say I told you so: Jeb Bush lashes out at 'chaos president' Trump and criticizes his use of Twitter 'I'm not giving up, because I didn't do anything wrong': Team Trump led by Alec Baldwin assembles for Hallelujah to mock scandal-hit President in SNL season finale Controversial pro-Trump sheriff - who is the newest assistant secretary in Department of Homeland Security - is accused of plagiarizing parts of his college thesis on homeland security Obama shows Trump how to golf in style: Former president tees off on exclusive course in Tuscany at the start of his six-day vacation with Michelle in private Italian villa Prison letters reveal how Aaron Hernandez asked to 'celly up' with his 'real brother' before his suicide - and that they had been close since the streets 'Drunk' white University of Maryland student stabs and kills a black student from a nearby university in front of his friends in random 3am campus attack 'I was trying to get help': Times Square driver says he was trying to 'get a girlfriend' and turn his life around when he went on drug-crazed rampage, killing one and injuring 22 Thousands of voters take to the streets of Tehran to celebrate landslide re-election of Iran's President Hassan Rouhani in a huge victory for reformists  Cloud Computing wins Preakness Stakes after tight finish - while Kentucky Derby champion Always Dreaming struggles at the back of the field Previous Next Russian officials 'viewed Michael Flynn as an ally and bragged that they could use the disgraced national security adviser to influence Donald Trump' 'This was a five-alarm fire from early on, the way the Russians were talking about him,' a former Obama administration official told CNN Flynn developed a relationship with Russian officials for several months in 2016 He discussed US sanctions with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak in a December phone call, sources said; that call led to Flynn's forced resignation Barack Obama hit back at Russia for meddling in the 2016 elections But Flynn told Kislyak the Trump administration would approve of Russia's decision to hold off on retaliating, sources said Flynn went on to say the Trump administration would revisit the sanctions imposed since Russia annexed Crimea in 2014, sources said By Jessica Chia For Dailymail.com Published: 00:38 EDT, 20 May 2017 | Updated: 04:59 EDT, 20 May 2017 e-mail 17 shares 5 View comments Russian officials developed a relationship with Michael Flynn over the course of months and bragged that they could use him to influence Donald Trump, sources said. 'This was a five-alarm fire from early on, the way the Russians were talking about him,' a former Obama administration official told CNN. Flynn was caught speaking to Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak in a December phone call that eventually led to his forced resignation just 24 days into his role as National Security Adviser. After Barack Obama hit back at Russia for meddling in the elections, Flynn told Kislyak the Trump administration would approve of Russia's decision to hold off on retaliating, sources said.  Flynn went on to say the Trump administration would revisit the sanctions imposed since Russia annexed Crimea in 2014, the sources said, and Putin followed his advice, announcing the next day that he would not retaliate.  Russian officials viewed Michael Flynn as an ally and bragged that they could use him to influence Donald Trump, sources told CNN Flynn (right) developed a relationship with Russian officials for several months in 2016 before he was caught speaking to Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak in a December, sources said The Russians saw Flynn as an ally, and while officials expressed their concerns, they also raised the possibility that the Russians may have exaggerated their clout on Trump's inner circle. An official from the former administration also told CNN Flynn was viewed as a potential national security problem, echoing Sally Yates' testimony that Flynn could be subject to blackmail by the Russians. And Barack Obama warned Trump against hiring Flynn during a face-to-face meeting back in November,CNN reported earlier this month.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next President Trump and First Lady Melania escape DC scandalfest... 'I'm convinced Trump is nuts': Father of fired FBI Director... Share this article Share But a White House Official issued a statement that read: 'We are confident that when these inquiries are complete there will be no evidence to support any collusion between the campaign and Russia. 'This matter is not going to distract the President or this administration from its work to bring back jobs and keep America safe.'   While Flynn's time in the White House was brief, he is still under investigation by the Senate Judiciary Committee and House Oversight and Government Reform Committee.  Flynn reportedly told Trump's chief lawyer Donald McGahn on January 4 that he was under investigation for secretly working as a paid lobbyist for Turkey during the campaign.    Flynn's discussions of US sanctions with Kislyak (above) eventually led to his forced resignation just 24 days into his role as National Security Adviser Flynn admitted that his lobbying firm was paid $530,000 for work that could have benefited the Turkish government just two months before he was appointed to the White House. Flynn's consulting firm, Flynn Intel Group, was lobbying for a Dutch consulting firm with ties to Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan before and immediately after the US election. He failed to file documents with the Justice Department declaring he was a foreign agent until March, weeks after he resigned. In the documents, he said the lobbying work 'could be construed to have principally benefited the Republic of Turkey.' Flynn admitted that his lobbying firm was paid $530,000 for work that could have benefited Turkey (pictured Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan) The filing also disclosed that Flynn secretly met with the Turkish foreign and energy ministers in New York before Election Day. Flynn wrote an op-ed the day Trump was elected calling for the US to kick out anti-government Turkish cleric, Fethullah Gulen, who is living in exile in Pennsylvania.  Flynn also blocked a military plan against the Islamic State group that was opposed by Turkey.  After Flynn was forced to resign, Trump reportedly tried to get former FBI Director James Comey to drop the investigation into the ex-general. Comey did not. He was controversially fired by the president on May 9.  Sally Yates' testified that Flynn could be subject to blackmail by the Russians   Read more: Obama warned Trump about hiring Flynn - CNNPolitics.com Russian officials bragged they could use Michael Flynn to influence Donald Trump, sources say - CNNPolitics.com Share or comment on this article e-mail 17 shares Most watched News videos Kate appears to tell off the children for walking on Pippa's dress Scary moment commuter Anija Lender falls onto the Boston subway tracks Saudi King presents Trump with top civilian honour Donald Trump arrives in Saudi Arabia on maiden international trip Sssh! Adorable bridal entourage walk hand-in-hand behind Kate Bizarre moment man destroys Duty Free items in Manchester Airport Trump dances awkwardly at Saudi King¿s sword dance Girls brawl on London bus as locals try to break up fight Saudi Arabia's capital gets ready for visit from President Trump Ivanka and Melania forgo head scarves during Saudi Arabia trip US President Trump arrives in Saudi Arabia Dramatic scene of Time Square attacker leaping out of crashed car Trump signs a record-breaking £85bn arms deal with Saudi... Chinese government killed or jailed up to 20 American... President Donald Trump 'will hang a map showing 2016... Federal investigators seek bank records of Trump's... Three of Donald Trump's former employees claim to have... Trump WON'T visit with rank and file FBI agents after... James Comey first found out he had been fired when he saw... Trump signs a record-breaking £85bn arms deal with Saudi... 'When does it end?' Trump insists claim he colluded with... Guilt trip: Spicer tells press his staff works 'day and... Trump 'demanded a pledge of loyalty from Comey TWICE... Video of a young girl telling Trump impersonator he is a... What really happened before Comey was fired? Leaky White... White House officials scramble to explain why they were... Acting FBI boss REJECTS White House claim that agents... War on drugs is back with a vengeance: Sessions tells... Kremlin predicts America's 'emotional obsession' with... Mexican human rights activist who dedicated years to... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 5 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment Post comment to your Facebook Timeline What's This? By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Meghan arrives just in time for Pippa's Spitfire show! Prince Harry's actress girlfriend joins guests for a flypast to kick off the evening reception Is this what made naughty George (and his little sis) cry? Video appears to show BOTH royal children stepping on Pippa's dress shortly before Kate told son off  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: It's back on! Mariah Carey and Bryan Tanaka KISS during intimate dinner date in Beverly Hills They have reconciled   Just married! WAGS star Nicole Williams weds former NFL player Larry English in star-studded wedding after four years together PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Jennifer Lopez cuddles up with boyfriend A-Rod on the chilly NY set of Shades Of Blue It was a cold night - but they both warmed up  When reality meets Hollywood royalty... Leggy Kendall Jenner delightedly chats to Clint Eastwood while wowing at star-studded Vanity Fair Cannes Dinner  Kelly Rowland and Michelle Williams are pretty in patterned dresses as they form Destiny's Child reunion at Beyonce's baby shower 'I'm not giving up, because I didn't do anything wrong': Team Trump led by Alec Baldwin assembles for Hallelujah to mock President in SNL  Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson says he IS running for president in 2020 as he hosts SNL - and announces Tom Hanks as his running mate Flower power! Drew Barrymore goes casual cool in silk gold duster over ripped jeans at Beautycon Festival The 42-year-old actress looked casual   Lady in red: Nicki Minaj posts cheeky Instagram photos in plush wrap ahead of Billboard Music Awards Showed off in a steamy ensemble  Girls' day! Jessica Alba is casual chic in shades and patterned top as she bonds with daughters Honor and Haven in Beverly Hills Doting mother  Yeezus walks! Kanye West enjoys day with friends in Calabasas ...after venturing to mountaintop Wyoming retreat to work on new music Julia Louis-Dreyfus stuns in low-cut black body clinging number as she is honored at Peabody Awards It was a big night for the 56-year-old Veep star  Strong for the summer! Demi Lovato oozes sporty confidence as she showcases her toned physique in campaign for her Fabletics range Newlyweds Pippa Middleton and James Matthews head for their lavish reception in an E-type Jag after sharing a loving kiss on the steps of the church  Well it was never going to come cheap! Pippa's $912,000 nuptials included TWO dresses for the big day, a $260,000 diamond ring and $52,000 of caviar  The look that says everything about sisters: How Pippa's (almost royal) big day was crowned with a dazzling smile to future queen Kate Pippa's private island love shack: Honeymoon hideaway once owned by Marlon Brando...all for a bargain $4,000 a night (well it IS low season!) Behind the scenes look at Pippa's bash: Happy couple 'played ping pong with Roger Federer' while guests sipped sparkling wine (but phones were banned)  Do all the Cannes Queens only have one leg? It's the way to step over red carpet rivals - only put your best foot forward!  Thigh-high slits Pamela Anderson looks unrecognizable as she attends Cannes Film Festival premiere of 120 Beats Per Minute sporting slicked hair and a blue evening dress Father-son bonding! Owen Wilson and his six-year-old son Robert hauls Vespa through Malibu streets Pair enjoyed the California sun on wheels Bella in Brooklyn! Thorne dons skintight checked trousers to Beautycon Festival NYC 2017 where her sister Dani takes DJ duty She's having a ball  Shades of two! Jennifer Lopez pairs off with her stunt double on the New York set of her cop drama Spotted with her on-screen doppelganger Did Russell Crowe confirm Ed Sheeran is ENGAGED? Gladiator star refers to singer's girlfriend Cherry Seaborn as his 'fiancée' in radio interview LIZ JONES: In the couture competition at Pippa's wedding, it was the leading ladies who shone Pippa trounced her elder sister Kate Anything Kate can do Pippa proved she could do just as stylishly with a big day that rang more than a few wedding bells, writes Royal author CLAUDIA JOSEPH Whirled of dance! Jenna Dewan Tatum goes casual cool as she picks up pretzels on mommy-daughter day with Everly ahead of fourth birthday Rebel Wilson films an advert for Virgin airlines while in Australia... after saying she missed work opportunities to give evidence at Bauer Media trial Elizabeth Olsen channels understated chic in a demure black gown... as she steps out with her Wind River co-star Jeremy Renner at Cannes Film Festival 'Being mean doesn't suit me': Ruby Rose says taking shots at Katy Perry's 'Taylor Swift diss track' left her 'feeling dirty' Leggy Kendall Jenner steals the show with mini dress tailed with acres of material for star-studded 120 Beats Per Minute Cannes premiere Golden girl Eva Longoria dazzles in a chic nude gown with glimmering panels as she ups the glam at Vanity Fair Cannes bash  So who'll be next? Harry, Eugenie or even Donna Air? James Middleton is seen giving his on-off girlfriend a hug as Royal watchers speculate  Man of style! Tom Cruise smartens up in sharp jacket and trousers as he promotes upcoming movie The Mummy with co-stars Elisabeth Moss puts a twist on Hollywood glamor in edgy leather jacket over sweeping designer gown at Cannes Film Festival premiere of The Square Petra Nmcová avoids a wardrobe walfunction in blue evening dress at Cannes premiere of 120 Beats per Minute... after suffering two near misses Victoria's Secret model Sara Sampaio dazzles in a backless jumpsuit as she graces the red carpet for the 70th annual Cannes Film Festival Kristen Stewart teases a look at her taut abs as she steps out at Cannes Film Festival while channelling classic Chanel in a fun-loving tweed pinafore dress It's Saturday! Alec Baldwin teaches daughter Carmen his famous Donald Trump impression ahead of SNL season finale She is a natural  The Umanator! Arnold Schwarzenegger poses with Thurman after announcing he'll be in upcoming Terminator film Star-studded dinner  Too much information? Justin Bieber shares FIVE bizarre photos of his pink-eye infected peeper with fans He said: 'My [left] eye has conjunctivitis' Nothing you Cannes do about that! Jessica Chastain flashes her sideboob in plunging white gown as she attends Vanity Fair Cannes bash  Bang on style! Lily Collins debuts her edgy new fringe while parading her pins in a netted semi-sheer dress for Vanity Fair and HBO dinner in Cannes Why DID Carole leave brother Gary's wife off guest list? Royals, socialites, and even a Wimbledon champion were there - but not the Pippa's uncle's partner Julianne Moore opts for pure drama in floor-sweeping sequins with flouncy feathered sleeves as she dazzles at Vanity Fair Cannes Dinner   GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Even gorgeous Naomie Harris has to hitch and hike to get home after partying in Cannes Picked up her heels and expensive dress  That's all she wrote! Saturday Night Live's Vanessa Bayer to leave the show after seven seasons  Current longest running female cast member Howards Bend! Youthful Emma Thompson, 58, stretches on a pontoon in striking blue swimsuit as she takes break from Cannes red carpet duty  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Simon Cowell takes his three-year-old son shopping at Whole Foods in London  Eric was helping his father out  Katy Perry reveals new song Swish Swish is about bullies... after speculation it was directed at Taylor Swift She was asked if the song was about her rival Puckered up! Paris Hilton and boyfriend Chris Zylka put on a giant PDA as they land in Cannes They puckered up for the cameras Playful Bella Hadid displays entirety of her peachy derriere through lingerie-inspired bikini while launching herself into the ocean during fun-filled day in Cannes Braless Elizabeth Olsen shows off eye-popping assets in deeply plunging candyfloss-colour gown... as she giggles away in Cannes  Conrad Hilton is released from jail after his parents post $90,000 bail and ask that he be sent to a psychiatric hospital upon his release A Tyga never loses its stripes! Rapper plays with pet lion cub during Dubai trip... three years after HIS illegal pet tiger was removed from his home Tom Hanks shames Upper East Side driver for leaving SIX tickets on his car but local officials confirm that all have been paid for  'Sir? Move. Your. Car!' Ex-Clippers owner Donald Sterling, 83, hits Beverly Hills streets for a shopping spree with a MUCH younger mystery woman on his arm Busty Pamela Anderson teases her famous cleavage in checkered dress at Cannes...after rejoicing over Julian Assange's dropped rape charge Tom Brady's agent insists he wasn't diagnosed with a concussion last year even though his wife claimed he's suffered multiple brain injuries Specs appeal! Ashley Benson catches the eye in mirrored shades and a chic mustard coat as she arrives in Cannes Best known for her role in Pretty Little Liars That's a Lottie leg! Model Moss commands attention in thigh-skimming black evening gown as she leads the glamour at The Square premiere in Cannes Elisabeth Moss brings a splash of summer to the Cannes Film Festival in flowery white A-line dress as she promotes new flick The Square Ready for the summer Shanina Shaik has already sorted the guest list for her wedding to DJ Ruckus... as the couple share an intimate moment at a friend's nuptials Adrien Brody looks casual while stunning girlfriend Lara Lieto flashes her abs in tiny crop top as they arrive by boat to Cannes hotel Arrived via speedboat Girl gone wild! Flip Or Flop's Christina El Moussa has jet ski fun on girls' trip to Santa Barbara... as ex Tarek takes swipe at her for being absent parent Orlando Bloom shows off comedy chops as goofy European cyclist in teaser for HBO's Tour De Pharmacy with Andy Samberg First look 'The most pain I've ever experienced': Lena Dunham cancels Lenny IRL tour as she reveals endometriosis has returned Bad news for fans Pretty in pink! Kris Jenner hints at her cleavage in lace while going out to dinner with her dashing younger boyfriend Corey Gamble Out in Santa Monica Inside Angelina Jolie's sprawling new $25m home: Actress moves into historic six-bedroom Hollywood mansion... eight months after split with Brad Pitt Tash Oakley and Devin Brugman flaunt their extreme cleavage in plunging outfits as they descend on New York for their 'bikini a day' pop-up 'In the Heights': A-Rod visits JLo on Brooklyn location set of Shades Of Blue as their red hot romance heats up Shared snaps of himself in Brooklyn Expecting the best! Glowing Nikki Reed masks baby bump with flowy dress while out with husband Ian Somerhalder Expecting their first baby If you've got it! Christina Milian shows off perfectly toned abs as she sunbathes in sporty black bikini   Singer has been a busy bee over the past week Sara Sampaio oozes Gothic glamour as she showcases her curves under racy semi-sheer lace gown at the Chopard afterparty in Cannes Bra-vo! Gigi Hadid sizzles as she shows off cleavage in sheer black top during outing with beau Zayn Malik Joined by Gigi's younger brother Anwar It's the EX factor! Prince William's university flame and TWO of Pippa's old boyfriends were invited to the society wedding of the year Which Middleton had the most stylish wedding - The one who bagged a billionaire or the sister who married a prince? Similar weddings Meghan WILL go to the wedding! Harry nips away to fetch girlfriend for the reception after she was absent from the church after staying out of Pippa's limelight  Tennis ace Roger Federer tops off Pippa's star-studded guest list as he joins his glamorous wife Mirka for the wedding of the year Prince George and Princess Charlotte are given a starring role by Auntie Pippa... before tearful George gets a small scolding from mum Kate  The day a small English village turned into a catwalk show: Stylish guests descend on Englefield estate for Pippa Middleton's nuptials  Beaming mother of the bride Carole Middleton is bursting with pride as she arrives at the church in PINK for her daughter Pippa's wedding Sssh! Pretty in peach Duchess of Cambridge gives the bridesmaids and page boys a polite warning to behave (but one didn't get the message)  Arriving in style! Pippa and her father are chauffeured to her wedding in a vintage Jaguar Mk V (and they cost as much as $105,000) Hoping to catch the bouquet? Princess Eugenie and boyfriend Jack Brooksbank look loved-up as they attend Pippa Middleton's wedding Donna Air leads candidates for most daring guests at Pippa's wedding as the usher's girlfriend raises eyebrows by wearing WHITE  The secret to Pippa's youthful glow: Bride follows Kate's example with simple make-up for her wedding by ditching heavy bronzer (and it took YEARS off her face) Pippa has become the poster-girl for bridezillas everywhere: Miss Middleton is hosting a 'carnival of excess' in a desperate attempt to out-do her sister Pippa picks Kendall Jenner's favorite designer Giles Deacon for her wedding dress (and it bears striking similarities to Kate's bridal gown)  Wild Horses couldn't keep him away! 'Wonderful dad' Mick Jagger drops in on son's 18th birthday party in Brazil Private gathering Monochrome magic! Models Coco Rocha and Petra Nemcova show off their statuesque physiques in stylish dresses as they step out in Cannes Trent Reznor lists contemporary Beverly Hills mansion complete with infinity pool and private theater for $6m Nine Inch Nail's Reznor selling his property Anastacia rocks the half-time show at Bayern Munich football match in personalised strip... but keeps the footballers waiting by finishing her set late 'Rascals'! Madonna shares sweet snap of twins Esther and Stella, 4, in matching sailor-inspired ensembles as they explore monastery in Lisbon Naomi Campbell flaunts her enviably lean legs in super-skinny jeans as she promotes her Fashion For Relief charity at Cannes Film Festival Braless Elizabeth Olsen leaves little to the imagination in a glamorous sheer gown at Cannes Film Festival dinner Took centre stage Mini-me! Matching Beyonce and daughter Blue Ivy goof about at the Museum Of Ice Cream with Jay-Z on Mother's Day Rocked floral dresses  Elizabeth Olsen exhibits her enviably toned legs in glittering mini-dress as she attends Wind River photocall at Cannes with co-star Jeremy Renner Uma Thurman, 47, shows off killer good looks in fitted co-ord as she joins Cannes Festival juror Will Smith at Cinema Professionals Dinner He never goes out of Styles! Harry continues to display his quirky fashion sense in flared gold trousers at intimate Hollywood gig With guest Stevie Nicks Cannes juror Jessica Chastain looks sartorially savvy as she shows off her toned legs in high-waisted shorts and flowing white blouse at film festival Rosario Dawson puts on a sombre display in a dressing gown as she stops for coffee a week after 'finding cousin Vaneza, 26, dead in her LA home' Taking the plunge! Katy Perry puts ample cleavage on display in sparkling black jumpsuit as she steps out in NYC ahead of her appearance on SNL  Huma Abedin surfaces in New York for the first time since filing for divorce from Anthony Weiner on the same day he pleaded guilty to sexting 15-year-old girl Bombshell in black! Gwyneth Paltrow hits fashion high note in slinky off-the-shoulder jumpsuit at Goop event Showed off her enviably trim figure  Age-defying Helena Christensen, 48, wows in chic plunging midi-dress as she enjoys day out with trendy teen son Mingus Reedus in New York Family funday! Eva Mendes makes rare public outing as she joins Ryan Gosling at the playground with their daughters Doting mother and father Windswept! Nicky Hilton flashes a very pert posterior as she falls victim to gust of wind during stroll with daughter Lily Grace in New York's Soho Feeling nostalgic? Mariah Carey posts sentimental flashback snap of her with ex Bryan Tanaka...more than a month after calling it quits Watch this space (age)! Braless Kendall Jenner opts for futuristic glamour with suggestive corseted gown and dripping jewels at Cannes bash Hot mama! Amanda Seyfried shows off killer post-baby bod as she attends Twin Peaks premiere...just two months after welcoming first child Wonder what she sees in him! Baywatch star Kelly Rohrbach is dating billionaire Walmart heir who gives her 'flying lessons on his personal plane' Mamma Mia - here we go again! Abba musical sequel gets July 2018 release date... with original cast returning The sequel will feature some old favorites  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE! Penelope Cruz shows off her toned figure in black swimsuit on a break from filming Versace biopic Making a splash! New mom Irina Shayk leaves little to the imagination in yellow thong bikini as she swims in crystal clear water By her side! Ellen DeGeneres keeps it casual in plaid as she goes for stroll with stylish wife Portia De Rossi Time off from her show  'Where's mom?' Flip Or Flop's Tarek El Moussa takes another social media swipe at ex Christina... at their kids' school open house Tension after split  A sheer delight! Sofia Vergara slips into colorful see-through maxi skirt and figure-hugging top for outing in Beverly Hills Flaunted her shape Kim Zolciak and family join Chrissy Teigen at John Legend gig after THAT oral sex offer about daughter Brielle There weren't any sexual favors on the night 'Me at 15 when I discovered push up bras': Paris Hilton shares flashback snap of herself wearing gravity-defying underwear  Sending temperatures soaring! Khloe Kardashian showcases gym-honed figure in nude top and skin-tight jeans as she steps out with Kourtney 'Thank you for inspiring me': Lady Gaga posts heartfelt tribute to Grigio Girls pal Sonja Durham who died after battle with cancer Emotional message  Keeping it real! Makeup-free Lisa Rinna steps out in bandanna and furry slides for outing with daughter Amelia Stepped out in LA Baywatch hunk Zac Efron and co-star Alexandria Daddario arrive at Sydney's Bondi for fan meet-and-greet after denying romance rumors Solange plays two sold-out shows of her new performance piece An Ode To at the Guggenheim in New York City Oh no she Ha-didn't! Model Bella wows on the Cannes red carpet yet again as she steps out in a slinky backless silver dress with a daring thigh-high split  Sassy at 70! Glenn Close and Sally Field show off their style as they lead the stars attending Drama League Awards in NYC In the line of fire! Clint Eastwood signs autographs after being mobbed by fans dressed in KARATE uniforms while dining out in Antibes 13 Reasons Why (she loves the beach)! Kate Walsh, 49, strips to her bikini as she soaks up the Ibiza sun before filming second season of hit show EXCLUSIVE: The tragedy of room 1136 - How Chris Cornell ended his life as Heidi Klum's ex-boyfriend smashed down door to help him after giving him Ativan Fit and fantastic! Anne Hathaway shows off toned arms in a sleeveless tank top after hitting the gym Showcased her dedication to exercise  A satin disaster, marabou madness, toilet brush holder chic and garish gold:  Three Victorias... Silvstedt, Bonya and Hervey lead frock horrors at Cannes  Naomi Campbell, 46, puts on a sartorially savvy display in a plunging glittering gown as she attends The 9th Annual Filmmakers Dinner in Cannes Belle of the ball! Rihanna flashes her toned pins in Victorian-inspired gown while hosting Chopard Party in Cannes Bookish charm: Singer Cody Simpson looks studious and stylish in edgy ensemble as he steps out in Hollywood with a pal Woman of the hour Eva Longoria steals the show in striking white ruffled gown as she hosts THIRD Global Gift Gala of the week at the Cannes Film Festival Curl power! Jennifer Lopez rocks ringlets and NYPD uniform while filming Shades Of Blue The Bronx native was hard at work during filming in New York  Paris Jackson rocks boho chic in peasant blouse and baggy harem pants as she joins pals for dinner Showed off her own sense of style  Justin Theroux and Jennifer Aniston sue neighbor who 'tried to intimidate them' over noisy renovations to their New York home Bella Hadid sizzles in scarlet backless gown as Rihanna opts for bridal-chic in a dramatic ivory dress at the Cannes Film Festival premiere of Okja Winnie Harlow flaunts her sensationally leggy figure in stunning red split ballgown as she steals the spotlight at Chopard bash in Cannes  He can't hide! Mickey Rourke shows off his chest ink as he wears camouflage ensemble for lunch in LA He wore a half-unzipped green hoodie Lupita Nyong'o dresses for summer in '20s-inspired drop waist dress as she makes an appearance at the 70th annual Cannes Film Festival So that's her secret! Megan Fox looks slender in KISS shirt as she leaves yoga session... nine months after welcoming third baby Journey     DON'T MISS Ariel Winter sports waist-length braid and tiny denim cut-offs at private gym with boyfriend Levi Meaden Showed off a hint of her new red hair  'I didn't even know it existed': Hugh Jackman admits he didn't realise wolverine is a real animal and mistakenly researched WOLVES to prepare for iconic role Sun's out, tum's out! Sofia Richie flashes her toned abs in a cropped gypsy top as she steps out for lunch Lional Richie's daughter showcased her shape  Pippa's copy Kate wedding: There's a fly-past, the bride has TWO dresses and there's even talk of a balcony kiss  Won't be second best PLATELL'S PEOPLE: Pippa Middleton's wedding is big on money and short on class With 300 'close' family and friends and 17lb of Beluga caviar As he polishes his SECOND big father of the bride speech, why Michael Middleton's the dad who can't wait for it all to be over (again) The pressure is on  First Lady fashion face off! Melania Trump stuns in an orange leather skirt and sky-high heels while Ivanka opts for a ladylike floral dress as they join president 'I'm a little bit scared': Baywatch hunk Zac Efron steps out of his acting comfort zone to play NOTORIOUS serial killer Ted Bundy James Packer's stunning ex-wife Erica Packer spotted with mystery man near her Beverly Hills home as model gives him a very friendly backside pat  Preppy in a polo! Selma Blair shows off her equestrian skills as she trots off on her horse Dark in Los Angeles Has been an equestrian fan since she was a teen Julianne Moore gives a saucy flash of her cleavage in plunging velvet gown as she makes radiant arrival at Chopard party in Cannes Sophisticated look  Those bedroom eyes! Topless Kylie Jenner tries out a pixie hairdo while lounging around in smoldering shoot  Artsy low definition black and white photos 'It's another level of extreme waiting': Model Shanina Shaik has caught the acting bug after filming alongside Tom Cruise in The Mummy Sun worshipper! Hilaria Baldwin wears cut-off shorts and pumps as she enjoys NYC's warm weather... while Alec shoots her a confused look Olga Kurylenko shows off svelte figure in chic jumpsuit with risque star cut-outs as she attends annual Filmmakers Dinner in Cannes Style Swoon: From Emily Ratajkowski's Brigitte Bardot-inspired look to Bella Hadid's favorite jeans, FEMAIL reveals the fashions we're loving this week Petra Nemcová risks ANOTHER wardrobe in perilously slashed gown as she bares endless legs and a peek of sideboob at Chopard Cannes bash Adriana Lima is the picture of sophistication in an embellished cape dress as she arrives at Chopard party during Cannes Film Festival  Stunning strapless gown Splurge session! Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are matching in black as they burn their Keeping Up With The Kardashians paychecks in Beverly Hills  Heidi Klum's ex-boyfriend was the bodyguard who gave Chris Cornell two Ativans before his suicide and found his dead body  'Good golly I love you!': Sarah Jessica Parker shares romantic note on 20-YEAR wedding anniversary to Matthew Broderick... after filming Divorce Beaming Elle Fanning is caught off guard by a gust of wind as she slips into a nude pink floor-length frock for another outing at Cannes Film Festival Fatboy Slim cuts a gaunt figure as he steps out in Brighton... eight months after splitting from ex-wife Zoe Ball The pair separated in September  Supermodel Eva Herzigova leads the glamour in thigh-skimming black evening dress at star-studded Cannes Film Festival dinner A model routine! From the exfoliation ritual she does at the BEACH to the drugstore buys she's never without, Miranda Kerr spills her beauty secrets Giving them the slip! Jennifer Lawrence leaves her beau Darren Aronofsky's New York City home wearing same dress for second day in a row Brandi Glanville leaves her bra at home as she flashes her assets in a denim mini-dress at dinner with her billionaire beau DJ Friese Spinning around! Cannes Film Festival jury member Jessica Chastain twirls in a sweeping purple fringed dress at the premiere of new Netflix drama Okja She's gone Hollywood! Flip Or Flop's Christina El Moussa sports Kardashian-style boots after getting tattoos that resemble Angelina Jolie's Smitten Jamie Bell bestows his fiancée Kate Mara with flowers as they steal a kiss while heading out with his three-year-old son in Los Angeles PICTURE EXCLUSIVE:  Meghan Markle drops into a London spa for some last-minute pampering hours before joining Harry at Pippa Middleton's wedding Last minute errands? Duchess of Cambridge is spotted driving her Range Rover through London as she prepares to watch sister Pippa tie the knot  Julianne Moore looks typically chic in shimmering black dress with thigh-high split as she attends Okja premiere at Cannes Film Festival Molly Sims oozes glamour in sweeping off-shoulder ball gown as she attends Ojka premiere at Cannes Film Festival Amazing post-baby body Juliette Binoche, 53, showcases her ageless complexion as she graces the Cannes Film Festival red carpet in a semi-sheer floor-length gown 'I tried to get through to Paris but her mother told me to eff off': Why the Oliver! star who says he's the biological father of Michael Jackson's daughter can't see her Did Kylie Jenner get her look from BRATZ DOLLS? Women are crediting the toy's over-the-top make-up for inspiring today's beauty trends Rosie O'Donnell says Trump fans hound her children, revealing teenagers have even threatened to grab her daughter's 'p****'  Is a strong critic  Lily Collins and Tilda Swinton ooze glamour at the Cannes Film Festival premiere of Okja... after their new movie caused chaos during its first screening Where it all began: How James Matthews wooed Pippa Middleton on the luxury island of St Barths and turned a ten-year friendship into a whirlwind romance  EXCLUSIVE: Princess Beatrice's ex Dave Clark gets engaged to blonde American advertising executive Lynn Anderson Dating just a few months Tom Hardy is set to star in Spider-Man spin-off Venom... as he wears T-shirt printed with character's face to make the announcement Bella! Madonna's daughter Lourdes Leon looks pretty in red dress as she carries large bottle of Italian water in NYC Looking like her mom Die hard Cher fan! Rumer Willis wears fishnets and racy leotard to recreate iconic Turn Back Time performance on Lip Sync Battle Best on our desks: A perfume applied like a POWDER, a concealer that won't crease and a nail polish inspired by lip gloss top our beauty picks of the week Bumping along nicely! Parents-to-be Heidi Montag and Spencer Pratt grocery shop in Venice, California Duo are (finally) moving out of his parents' home  Judge rules Prince's six siblings are heirs to $300m fortune despite a woman who says she married him in Vegas and hundreds of others trying to lay claim  Naomi Watts enjoys quiet family time in NYC with her mother Myfanwy and sons... as her ex Liev Schreiber moves on with new woman Nick and Aaron Carter plan to spread tragic sister Leslie's ashes with their father Bob's after his sudden death Heartbroken Back Street Boys plan tribute Catherine Zeta-Jones will play Griselda Blanco in Lifetime's Cocaine Godmother biopic... as Jennifer Lopez will star in competing version for HBO Something to bark about! Katy Perry cradles her puppy in NYC after ex Orlando Bloom said she'll be 'fantastic' on American Idol redo Julia Roberts, 49, says pal George Clooney 'doesn't need parenting advice' but admits twins can be hard when 'there's no one there at 3 am' Kendall Jenner flashes her underwear in sheer lace co-ords as she lands in Nice for the Cannes Film Festival Boy short-inspired undies  PICTURED: Yolanda Hadid sells LA condo with pool and wine cellar for $5 MILLION as she swaps Beverly Hills for New York to be nearer Bella and Gigi Proud mom! Ellie Kemper shares first picture of her baby boy James nine months after welcoming the little cutie to the world Appearing on Today  Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson sounds pretty serious about running for president in 2020 as he tells Jimmy Fallon 'people want to see better leadership' Already on the town! Leonardo DiCaprio, 42, is seen leaving Hollywood nightclub with Tobey Maguire after splitting from Nina Agdal, 25 Today's headlines Most Read Meghan arrives just in time for Pippa's high-flying reception! Prince Harry's girlfriend joins guests at... 'This makes me want to puke': Trump loyalist Roger Stone slams President for accepting highest civilian... Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson and 'running mate' Tom Hanks plan 2020 presidential run in SNL monologue 'Every day he looks more and more like a complete moron': Trump officials 'complain about the president's... Conrad Hilton is released from jail after his parents post $90,000 bail and ask that he be sent to a... Princeton University admissions officers wrote of Asian applicants as having 'very familiar profiles' and... Trump curtsies for the King: Donald is mocked for crouching 'like a sparkly princess' in front of Saudi... 'A lot of money! Big dollars!' and 'Jobs, jobs, jobs!' Trump team delivers $350 BILLION in new long-term... Trump's game of Russian roulette: The Donald's denial of ANY links to Russia is absolute and cost FBI boss... Melania the watch dog: First Lady 'flags up negative stories to Trump and doesn't think his press team does... Trump tells Pentagon to 'annihilate' ISIS by surrounding and killing them instead of chasing them out of... Dance your troubles away? Melania laughs as Trump joins in traditional sword jig in Saudi Arabia on first... Notre Dame students plan to walk out of Pence's commencement speech after he urged class at Pennsylvania... Aircraft carrier USS Ronald Reagan moves to Korean Peninsula for training exercises as tensions grow between... Comey is 'convinced Trump WAS trying to influence him' over Russia probe as the fired FBI director agrees to... I hate to say I told you so: Jeb Bush lashes out at 'chaos president' Trump and criticizes his use of... 'I'm not giving up, because I didn't do anything wrong': Alec Baldwin as Trump is surrounded by Putin,... Controversial pro-Trump sheriff - who is the newest assistant secretary in Department of Homeland Security -... Obama shows Trump how to golf in style: Former president tees off on exclusive course in Tuscany at the... Prison letters reveal how Aaron Hernandez asked to 'celly up' with another inmate before his suicide - but... 'Drunk' white University of Maryland student stabs and kills a black student from a nearby university in... 'I was trying to get help': Times Square driver says he was trying to 'get a girlfriend' and turn his life... Thousands of voters take to the streets of Tehran to celebrate landslide re-election of Iran's President... Cloud Computing wins Preakness Stakes after tight finish - while Kentucky Derby champion Always Dreaming... Is this why George cried? The moment naughty prince tramples on Pippa's £40,000 wedding dress as the... Which Middleton had the most stylish wedding - The one who bagged a billionaire or the sister who married a... The secret to Pippa's youthful glow: Bride follows Kate's example with simple make-up for her wedding by... Anything Kate can do Pippa proved she could do just as stylishly with a big day that rang more than a few... LIZ JONES: In the couture competition at Pippa's wedding, it was the leading ladies who shone MORE HEADLINES Trumps on tour: Donald and Melania (plus Ivanka) are greeted by the Saudi king as they land in Riyadh for his crucial first test abroad Is this why George cried? The moment naughty prince tramples on Pippa's £40,000 wedding dress as the three-year-old copies sister Charlotte, two, by stepping on the gown - before mum Kate gives both children a royal telling off  Melania and Ivanka forgo head scarves in Saudi Arabia two years after Trump slammed Michelle Obama for 'insulting' the Islamic country when she decided not to cover her head EXCLUSIVE - 'I believe Roger suffered quite a bit': Ailes' coffin is draped in an American flag as he is eulogized at intimate funeral attended by friends Sean Hannity, Rush Limbaugh and Ethel Kennedy Dance your troubles away? Melania laughs as Trump joins in traditional sword jig in Saudi Arabia on first night of international tour Forlorn Anthony Weiner flags down a cab in Manhattan just a day after Huma Abedin filed for divorce following his guilty plea to sexting a 15-year-old girl Trump learns from Obama's mistakes and shakes Saudi King's hand instead of bowing 'A lot of money! Big dollars!' and 'Jobs, jobs, jobs!' Trump team delivers $350 BILLION in new long-term business for U.S. companies as Saudis snap up defense equipment Princeton University admissions officers wrote of Asian applicants as having 'very familiar profiles' and that they were difficult to differentiate Prison letters reveal how Aaron Hernandez asked to 'celly up' with another inmate before his suicide - but officials won't confirm that jail lover was who he wanted to bunk up with Trump curtsies for the King: Donald is mocked for crouching 'like a sparkly princess' in front of Saudi royal after being given the country's highest civilian honor despite slamming Obama for bowing to him in 2009 Conrad Hilton is released from jail after his parents post $90,000 bail and ask that he be sent to a psychiatric hospital upon his release 'This makes me want to puke': Trump loyalist Roger Stone slams President for accepting highest civilian honor from 'enemy' Saudi after they 'financed' 9/11  Wild Horses couldn't keep him away! 'Wonderful dad' Mick Jagger drops in on son's 18th birthday party in Brazil Don't press send! Trump's White House aides held a 'Twitter-vention' for the social media-loving President Obama shows Trump how to golf in style: Former president tees off on exclusive course in Tuscany at the start of his six-day vacation with Michelle in private Italian villa ISIS tested 'chemical weapons' on live victims in horrific 'Nazi style' experiments, documents found at university in Mosul reveal MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In SUBSCRIBE NOW Get unlimited access to Globe.com today Menu SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Nation SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Metro Sports Business & Tech Opinion Politics Lifestyle Arts Cars Real Estate Most popular on bostonglobe.com Based on what you've read recently, you might be interested in theses stories Hernandez pleaded with prison officials for new cellmates, letters show The Last Refugee: Threads of new life Police believe body found in woods is Franklin student Finding Lisa: a story of murders, mysteries, loss, and, incredibly, new life Today's Paper Magazine Obituaries Weather Comics Crossword The Big Picture Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Russia probe reaches a top ofﬁcial in White House E-Mail Share via e-mail To Add a message Your e-mail Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Comments Print The Boston Globe Tweet Share By Devlin Barrett and Matt Zapotosky Washington Post  May 20, 2017 WASHINGTON — The law enforcement investigation into possible coordination between Russia and the Trump campaign has identified a current White House official as a significant person of interest, showing that the probe is reaching into the highest levels of government, according to people familiar with the matter. The senior White House adviser under scrutiny by investigators is someone close to the president, according to these people, who would not further identify the official. Advertisement The revelation comes as the investigation appears to be entering a more overtly active phase, with investigators shifting from work that has remained largely hidden from the public to conducting interviews and using a grand jury to issue subpoenas. The intensity of the probe is expected to accelerate in the coming weeks, the people said. Separately on Friday, Senate Intelligence Committee leaders announced that former FBI director James Comey had agreed to testify publicly before their panel sometime after Memorial Day, though a date had not been set. The public commitment to testify comes after a tumultuous week and a half since President Trump dismissed Comey as director. Get Ground Game in your inbox: Daily updates and analysis on national politics from James Pindell. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here In addition to the person of interest in the FBI probe, the sources emphasized that investigators remain keenly interested in people who previously wielded influence in the Trump campaign and administration but are no longer part of it, including former national security adviser Michael Flynn and former campaign chairman Paul Manafort. Flynn resigned in February after disclosures that he had lied to administration officials about his contacts with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak. Current administration officials who have acknowledged contacts with Russian officials include Trump’s son-in-law, Jared Kushner, as well as Attorney General Jeff Sessions, and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. People familiar with the investigation said the intensifying effort does not mean that criminal charges are near, or that any such charges will result. Earlier this week, Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein appointed former FBI director Robert Mueller III to serve as special counsel and lead the investigation into Russian meddling. Advertisement It is unclear exactly how Mueller’s leadership will affect the direction of the probe, and he is already bringing in new people to work on the team. Those familiar with the case said its significance had increased before Mueller’s appointment. Although the case began quietly last July as an effort to determine whether any Trump associates coordinated with Russian operatives to meddle in the presidential election campaign, the investigative work now being done by the FBI also includes determining whether any financial crimes were committed by people close to the president. The people familiar with the matter said the probe has sharpened into something more fraught for the White House, the FBI, and the Justice Department — particularly because of the public steps investigators know they now need to take, the people said. When subpoenas are issued or interviews are requested, it is possible the people being asked to talk or provide documents will reveal publicly what they were asked about. A small group of lawmakers known as the Gang of Eight was notified of the change in tempo and focus in the investigation at a classified briefing Wednesday evening, the people familiar with the matter said. Comey publicly confirmed the existence of the investigation in March, when he was still FBI director. Justice Department spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores said, ‘‘I can’t confirm or deny the existence or nonexistence of investigations or targets of investigations.’’ An FBI spokesman declined to comment. White House spokesman Sean Spicer said, ‘‘As the president has stated before, a thorough investigation will confirm that there was no collusion between the campaign and any foreign entity.’’ While there has been a loud public debate in recent days over the question of whether the president might have attempted to obstruct justice in his private dealings with Comey, people familiar with the matter said investigators on the case are more focused on Russian influence operations and possible financial crimes. The FBI’s investigation seeks to determine whether and to what extent Trump associates were in contact with Kremlin operatives, what business dealings they might have had in Russia, and whether they in any way facilitated the hacking and publishing of e-mails from the Democratic National Committee and Hillary Clinton’s campaign chairman, John Podesta, during the presidential campaign. Several congressional committees are also investigating, though their probes could not produce criminal charges. A grand jury in Alexandria, Va., recently issued a subpoena for records related to Flynn’s business, the Flynn Intel Group, which was paid more than $500,000 by a company owned by a Turkish American businessman close to top Turkish officials, according to people familiar with the matter. The Flynn Intel Group was paid for research on Fethullah Gulen, a cleric who Turkey’s current president believes was responsible for a coup attempt last summer. Flynn retroactively registered with the Justice Department in March as a paid foreign agent for Turkish interests. Flynn also received $45,000 to appear in 2015 with President Vladimir Putin of Russia at a dinner for RT, a Kremlin-controlled media firm. Flynn discussed US sanctions against Russia with Russia’s ambassador to the United States during the month before Trump took office, and he withheld that fact from the vice president. That prompted then-acting attorney general Sally Yates to warn the White House’s top lawyer that Flynn might be susceptible to blackmail. Flynn stepped down after The Washington Post reported on the call. The president has nonetheless seemed to defend his former adviser. A memo by Comey alleged that Trump asked that the probe into Flynn be shut down. The White House also has acknowledged that Kushner met with Kislyak, the Russian ambassador to the United States, in late November. Kushner also has acknowledged that he met with the head of a Russian development bank, Vnesheconombank, which has been under US sanctions since July 2014. Kushner initially omitted contacts with foreign leaders from a national security questionnaire, though his lawyer has said publicly that he submitted the form prematurely and informed the FBI soon afterward that he would provide an update. Vnesheconombank handles development for the state, and in early 2015, a man purporting to be one of its New York-based employees was arrested and accused of being an unregistered spy. That man — Evgeny Buryakov — ultimately pleaded guilty and was eventually deported. He had been in contact with former Trump adviser Carter Page, though Page has said he shared only ‘‘basic immaterial information and publicly available research documents’’ with the Russian. Page was the subject of a secret warrant last year issued by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, based on suspicions he might have been acting as an agent of the Russian government, according to people familiar with the matter. Page has denied any wrongdoing, and accused the government of violating his civil rights. Loading comments... Top 10 Trending Articles Most Viewed Most Commented Most Shared Real journalists. Real journalism. Subscribe to The Boston Globe today. My Account Log in Manage my Account Mobile Customer Service Sign Up For Newsletters Contact Help FAQs Globe newsroom Advertise Social Facebook Twitter Google+ More ePaper News in Education Archives Privacy policy Terms of service Terms of purchase Work at Boston Globe Media © 2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC One free article left. Subscribe now → You have one free article left. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now → Last free article. Subscribe now → This is your last free article. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now → We hope you've enjoyed your free articles. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Already a member? Log in Home Wake up with today’s top stories Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds. Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Thanks for signing up Browse our full list of free Globe newsletters Return to your story Close Subscriber Log In We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles' Continue reading by subscribing to BostonGlobe.com for just 99¢. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just $.99¢ Stay informed with unlimited access to Boston’s trusted news source. High-quality journalism from the region’s largest newsroom Convenient access across all of your devices Today’s Headlines daily newsletter Subscriber-only access to exclusive offers, events, contests, eBooks, and more Less than 25¢ a week GET FULL ACCESS NOW GET FULL ACCESS NOW
  Guru3D.com Forums > Hardware > Processors and motherboards AMD Asrock BIOS and 3200 mhz! ram User Name Remember Me? Password Processors and motherboards AMD Got a Phenom, FX or AMD APU based system or the means to buy one? You can discuss it in here! Search Forums Show Threads   Show Posts Advanced Search Tag Search Go to Page...   Thread Tools Display Modes Asrock BIOS and 3200 mhz! ram   (#1) x58haze Member Guru     Videocard: EVGA GTX 580 1.5 Processor: ryzen 5 1600 Mainboard: Asrock Fatality ab350 k4 Memory: Patriot Viper 3200 2x4 GB Soundcard: PSU: Thermaltake 775 bronce80+ Asrock BIOS and 3200 mhz! ram - Yesterday, 02:46 | posts: 112 | Location: Venezuela help us :( Sorry for my English ^^, Finally I got this ASRock Fatal1ty AB350 Gaming K4 motherboard, but yeah the manual was kinda confusing, when comes to set properly the RAMS I ended up putting my viper kit dual channel 2x4 gb , into the socket A2, B2 I upgrade sucessfully my bios from 1.40 to latest 2.5. But I'm facing a problem, it seems that when I activate the Xmp 2.0 profile 1, it will slow down the boot time like crazy, and my cpu fan start to: turn on/off automatically ... So i was wondering what can i do? should i overlock manually? PCSPECS: GPU: EVGA GTX 580 NVIDIA 1.5 GB PSU: Thermaltake 775+bronce 80 CPU: Ryzen 5 1600 3.2 RAM: Patriot Viper 3200mhz 2x4 GB model PV48G320c6k CASE:Thermaltake v9 black edition PS: Also I've notice a downgrade in sound performance, compared to my old intel H55m-e33, which i don't have gaming headset, anyway hope someone can guidance me in order to fix or improve a little be the Ryzen experience among my old gtx 580 and new rams.. and also if someone can teach me to boost my SOUND, the creative 3 is ridiculous useless, it doesn't improve anything. Thanks     x58haze View Public Profile Find all posts by x58haze     (#2) Agent-A01 Ancient Guru     Videocard: 980Ti SLI H20 Processor: i7 5930K 4.7GHz H20 Mainboard: ASUS X99-AU31 Memory: G.Skill 32GB 3200C12 Soundcard: ASUS Phoebus PSU: EVGA P2-1200W Yesterday, 05:12 | posts: 9,246 | Location: USA B350 boards aren't really designed for 3200mhz You'll probably need to run 2666 or around there with manually set timings.     Agent-A01 View Public Profile Find all posts by Agent-A01   (#3) thatguy91 Ancient Guru   Videocard: XFX RX 480 RS 4 GB Processor: Ryzen 1700X Mainboard: Asrock X370 Gaming K4 Memory: DDR3-3733@3200 C14 16 GB Soundcard: ALC1150 PSU: Enermax Platimax 750W Yesterday, 05:36 | posts: 6,317 | Location: Australia If you're running the latest Realtek drivers it may be better. Keep in mind the B350 chipset based boards are intended more of a budget orientated board but with usable features, so like pretty much every other manufacturer it suffers in some features. In this case it is the sound, using the old ALC892 CODEC rather than the recent ALC1220 (which replaced the ALC1150, which was higher end than the ALC892). Your old board used the ALC889 CODEC. Technically it seems that ALC1220 replaced the ALC1150 which replaced the ALC889. ALC892 appears to be a lower cost variant of ALC889, the lower cost which is why it is probably still used. Discussed a bit in this old thread on whirlpool forums: http://forums.whirlpool.net.au/archive/1737847 So yes, your new motherboard technically has lesser sound than your old board, with the ALC892 being common on budget orientated boards. Some low end boards from Asrock, Gigabyte, etc use ALC887, which I believe is below the ALC892. This is true for their B350 boards, for example http://www.gigabyte.com.au/Motherboa...-DS2-rev-10#sp. It seems for Gigabyte they all use ALC887 if you look through the list. It all comes down to the budget board factor. If you want vastly superior sound probably the cheapest board you can get is the Asrock X370 Fatal!ty Gaming K4, which not only uses the ALC1220 but has superior sound infrastructure as well. Remember the CODEC is just the engine, analogy wise there's also the consideration of the transmission and the rest of the vehicle. The implementation of this on the X370 board is superior. Not all x370 boards implement the higher end sound, but Asrock, Asus, Gigabyte, MSI all have decent x370 that aren't their top models that have equivalent high end implentations using the ALC1220. For RAM, the reason why it doesn't work comes down to RAM timings. you are famility with the 15-15-15-35 etc, but there are a whole lot of other timings that don't get adjusted that affects the attainable speed. At the moment when you overclock RAM, you are effectively going tighter and tighter on these secondary settings. This is why you have to add so much voltage to the RAM for it to be stable when overclocking it, being anything above the JEDEC speed. The XMP profiles are proprietory Intel, it's not a standard. This is why AMD is adding 20 registers (I believe that is 20 additional timing adjustment options), and the reason for the delay is that it had to be reverse engineered. When you set XMP in the future, it will set all the correct timings for the speed, not just the primary timings. This should greatly improve the speed attainable, whilst using standard voltage, although the timings may behave slightly differently with the different chipset that could throw this out (you may manually have to adjust one or two of those settings...). The major bios update should be available within the next couple of weeks or so. Last edited by thatguy91; Yesterday at 05:45.     thatguy91 View Public Profile Find all posts by thatguy91   (#4) x58haze Member Guru     Videocard: EVGA GTX 580 1.5 Processor: ryzen 5 1600 Mainboard: Asrock Fatality ab350 k4 Memory: Patriot Viper 3200 2x4 GB Soundcard: PSU: Thermaltake 775 bronce80+ Yesterday, 09:01 | posts: 112 | Location: Venezuela help us :( Also is weird, whenever I try to increase memory mhz from 2133 to 2400 or even highger .. the boot time becomes more slow and slow and unstable.. even if i set timings auto, or voltage to 1.350 x.x and... i'm running last bios 2.50 x.x seems like i would need to wait till new ryzen update.... Thanks everyone .     x58haze View Public Profile Find all posts by x58haze   « Previous Thread | Next Thread » Thread Tools Show Printable Version Display Modes Linear Mode Switch to Hybrid Mode Switch to Threaded Mode Posting Rules You may not post new threads You may not post replies You may not post attachments You may not edit your posts BB code is On Smilies are On [IMG] code is On HTML code is Off Forum Rules Forum Jump User Control Panel Private Messages Subscriptions Who's Online Search Forums Forums Home General Chat     The Guru's Pub     Folding@Home - Join Team Guru3D !     Frontpage news     Digital Photography, Home and Portable Electronics     Tablets and Smart Phones     The HTPC, HDTV & Ultra High Definition section Videocards     Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce     Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce Drivers Section     Videocards - AMD Radeon     Videocards - AMD Radeon Catalyst Drivers Section     Videocards - 3dfx     Videocards vs General Purpose - NVIDIA Ageia PhysX, GPGPU etc.     3D Stereo Gaming Section     Benchmark Mayhem Hardware     General Hardware     Die-hard Overclocking & Case Modifications      Computer Monitor Forum     Soundcards, Speakers HiFI & File formats     SSD and HDD storage     Processors and motherboards AMD     Processors and motherboards Intel     Network questions and troubleshooting     Laptops & Notebooks Affiliates     Rivatuner Generic Discussion forum         RivaTuner Advanced Discussion forum     MSI AfterBurner Overclock Application Discussion forum     MSI AfterBurner Private Beta access     Guru of 3D Clan General     Games, Gaming & Game-demos     Game Tweaks and Modifications     Consoles & console games     Operating Systems     General Software and Applications     Hardware Reviews and News     Programming/Html     Links Powered by vBulletin® Copyright ©2000 - 2017, Jelsoft Enterprises Ltd. vBulletin Skin developed by: vBStyles.com Copyright (c) 1995-2014, All Rights Reserved. The Guru of 3D, the Hardware Guru, and 3D Guru are trademarks owned by Hilbert Hagedoorn. -- Aria -- Dark -- Fast Contact Us - The Guru of 3D - Archive - Privacy Statement - Top
News Sports Business Real Estate Alert 80° Full Menu Alert 80° Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:25 Tillis on hospital bed after collapse: I'm fine Pause 2:01 Get up to speed on the unfolding Trump-Comey saga 4:33 The web connecting the Trump administration to Russia 1:41 Yates on Flynn: ‘The National Security Adviser, essentially, could be blackmailed by the Russians’ 4:10 UM Coach Jim Morris talks about the extra innings win over Virginia Tech 0:37 Shooting at Coral Way restaurant leaves one dead, one wounded 1:05 Wyclef Jean in Little Haiti 1:55 South Dade principal Javy Perez speaks at Kendall Regional Hospital 1:39 FPL closes in on license to expand Turkey Point but future still murky 3:04 The hard commute and tough day of one hotel housekeeper Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email From Secretary of State Rex Tillerson to former campaign director Paul Manafort, President Donald Trump's allies have business and personal connections to Russia. As Congress and the FBI look into Russia's involvement with the 2016 election, those connections are increasingly under a microscope. Natalie Fertig and Patrick Gleason McClatchy From Secretary of State Rex Tillerson to former campaign director Paul Manafort, President Donald Trump's allies have business and personal connections to Russia. As Congress and the FBI look into Russia's involvement with the 2016 election, those connections are increasingly under a microscope. Natalie Fertig and Patrick Gleason McClatchy Politics May 19, 2017 3:25 PM Russia probe reaches current White House official, people familiar with the case say By Devlin Barrett and Matt Zapotosky The Washington Post LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story WASHINGTON The law enforcement investigation into possible coordination between Russia and the Trump campaign has identified a current White House official as a significant person of interest, showing that the probe is reaching into the highest levels of government, according to people familiar with the matter. The senior White House adviser under scrutiny by investigators is someone close to the president, according to these people, who would not further identify the official. The revelation comes as the investigation also appears to be entering a more overtly active phase, with investigators shifting from work that has remained largely hidden from the public to conducting interviews and using a grand jury to issue subpoenas. The intensity of the probe is expected to accelerate in the coming weeks, the people said. The sources emphasized that investigators remain keenly interested in people who previously wielded influence in the Trump campaign and administration but are no longer part of it, including former national security adviser Michael Flynn and former campaign chairman Paul Manafort. Flynn resigned in February after disclosures that he had lied to administration officials about his contacts with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak. Current administration officials who have acknowledged contacts with Russian officials include Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner, as well as Cabinet members Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. People familiar with the investigation said the intensifying effort does not mean criminal charges are near, or that any such charges will result. Earlier this week, Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein appointed former FBI Director Robert Mueller to serve as special counsel and lead the investigation into Russian meddling. It is unclear exactly how Mueller's leadership will affect the direction of the probe, and he is already bringing in new people to work on the team. Those familiar with the case said its significance had increased before Mueller's appointment. While the case began quietly last July as an effort to determine whether any Trump associates coordinated with Russian operatives to meddle in the presidential election campaign, the investigative work now being done by the FBI also includes determining whether any financial crimes were committed by people close to the president. The people familiar with the matter said the probe has sharpened into something more fraught for the White House, the FBI and the Justice Department - particularly because of the public steps investigators know they now need to take, the people said. When subpoenas are issued or interviews are requested, it is possible the people being asked to talk or provide documents will reveal publicly what they were asked about. Read More Firing 'nut job' Comey eased the pressure, document says Trump told the Russians A small group of lawmakers known as the Gang of Eight were notified of the change in tempo and focus in the investigation at a classified briefing on Wednesday evening, the people familiar with the matter said. FBI Director James Comey had publicly confirmed the existence of the investigation in March. Justice Department spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores said, "I can't confirm or deny the existence or non-existence of investigations or targets of investigations." An FBI spokesman declined to comment. White House spokesman Sean Spicer said, "as the president has stated before, a thorough investigation will confirm that there was no collusion between the campaign and any foreign entity.'' facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:25 Tillis on hospital bed after collapse: I'm fine Pause 2:01 Get up to speed on the unfolding Trump-Comey saga 4:33 The web connecting the Trump administration to Russia 1:41 Yates on Flynn: ‘The National Security Adviser, essentially, could be blackmailed by the Russians’ 4:10 UM Coach Jim Morris talks about the extra innings win over Virginia Tech 0:37 Shooting at Coral Way restaurant leaves one dead, one wounded 1:05 Wyclef Jean in Little Haiti 1:55 South Dade principal Javy Perez speaks at Kendall Regional Hospital 1:39 FPL closes in on license to expand Turkey Point but future still murky 3:04 The hard commute and tough day of one hotel housekeeper Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email Get up to speed on the unfolding Trump-Comey saga Then-FBI Director James Comey announced on March 20 that the FBI was investigating possible collusion between the Trump campaign and Russian agents. On May 9, President Trump fired the FBI director, igniting an outcry that grew from just Democrats to include some Republican lawmakers as well. Natalie Fertig McClatchy While there has been a loud public debate in recent days over the question of whether the president might have attempted to obstruct justice in his private dealings with FBI Director James Comey, who Trump fired last week, people familiar with the matter said investigators on the case are more focused on Russian influence operations and possible financial crimes. The FBI's investigation seeks to determine whether and to what extent Trump associates were in contact with Kremlin operatives, what business dealings they might have had in Russia, and whether they in any way facilitated the hacking and publishing of Democratic National Committee and Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta's emails during the presidential campaign. Several congressional committees are also investigating, though their probes could not produce criminal charges. A grand jury in Alexandria, Virginia, recently issued a subpoena for records related to Flynn's business, The Flynn Intel Group, which had been paid more than $500,000 by a company owned by a Turkish American businessman close to top Turkish officials, according to people familiar with the matter. The Flynn Intel Group was paid for research on Fethullah Gulen, a cleric who Turkey's current president believes was responsible for a coup attempt last summer. Flynn retroactively registered with the Justice Department in March as a paid foreign agent for Turkish interests. Separately from the probe now run by Mueller, Flynn is being investigated by the Pentagon's top watchdog for his foreign payments. Flynn also received $45,000 to appear in 2015 with Russian President Vladimir Putin at a dinner for RT, a Kremlin-controlled media organization. Flynn discussed U.S. sanctions against Russia with Russia's ambassador to the United States during the month before President Donald Trump took office, and he withheld that fact from even Vice President Mike Pence. That prompted then Acting Attorney General Sally Yates to warn the White House's top lawyer he might be susceptible to blackmail. Flynn stepped down after The Washington Post reported on the contents of the call. The president has nonetheless seemed to defend his former adviser. A memo by fired FBI Director Comey alleged Trump even asked that the probe into Flynn be shut down. The White House also has acknowledged that Kushner met with Kislyak, the Russian ambassador to the U.S., in late November. Kushner also has acknowledged that he met with the head of a Russian development bank, Vnesheconombank, which has been under U.S. sanctions since July 2014. The president's son in law initially omitted contacts with foreign leaders from a national security questionnaire, though his lawyer has said publicly he submitted the form prematurely and informed the FBI soon after he would provide an update. Vnesheconombank handles development for the state, and in early 2015, a man purporting to be one of its New York-based employees was arrested and accused of being an unregistered spy. That man - Evgeny Buryakov - ultimately pleaded guilty and was eventually deported. He had been in contact with former Trump adviser Carter Page, though Page has said he shared only "basic immaterial information and publicly available research documents" with the Russian. Page was the subject of a secret warrant last year issued by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, based on suspicions he might have been acting as an agent of the Russian government, according to people familiar with the matter. Page has denied any wrongdoing, and accused the government of violating his civil rights. The Washington Post's Ellen Nakashima and Ashley Parker contributed to this report. President Donald Trump and first lady Melania Trump walk across the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, Friday, May 19, 2017, before boarding Marine One for a short trip to Andrews Air Force Base, Md. Trump is leaving for his first foreign trip, visiting Saudi Arabia, Israel, Vatican, and a pair of summits in Brussels and Sicily. Andrew Harnik AP LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:25 Tillis on hospital bed after collapse: I'm fine Pause 2:01 Get up to speed on the unfolding Trump-Comey saga 4:33 The web connecting the Trump administration to Russia 1:41 Yates on Flynn: ‘The National Security Adviser, essentially, could be blackmailed by the Russians’ 4:10 UM Coach Jim Morris talks about the extra innings win over Virginia Tech 0:37 Shooting at Coral Way restaurant leaves one dead, one wounded 1:05 Wyclef Jean in Little Haiti 1:55 South Dade principal Javy Perez speaks at Kendall Regional Hospital 1:39 FPL closes in on license to expand Turkey Point but future still murky 3:04 The hard commute and tough day of one hotel housekeeper Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 4 days ago Tillis on hospital bed after collapse: I'm fine 0:25 4 days ago Tillis on hospital bed after collapse: I'm fine 4:28 5 days ago Fear and fury in New Jersey 2:54 5 days ago Putnam hits the road on the campaign trail for governor View More Video Politics Police: Gunmen shoot and kill 4 policemen in north Pakistan. California Democrats take aim at Trump, GOP Congress Pacific ministers commit to move ahead with pact without US The Latest: Ellis won't concede Democratic chair race Trump, in address to Muslims, urges fight against terror Politics Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
| E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Technology Education More... MultimediaConsumerScienceSportsSpecialsMint on Sunday People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Science Travel 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Leisure Last Modified: Sat, May 20 2017. 11 27 AM IST 10 standout start-ups taking an AI leap in India Mint Lounge profiles 10 tech start-ups that have tapped Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to transform sectors such as healthcare, education, auto, banking and retail Subscribe to our newsletter. Livemint Photo by iStockphoto/Imaging by Rohit Goyal. The rise of a technology has Bill Gates issuing warnings of an apocalypse. Elon Musk, too. Even Stephen Hawking. What’s worrying these technologists? It’s Artificial Intelligence or AI, an idea whose time has come—it is incubating in science labs and being deployed by start-ups and industrial units alike. Why are Gates and Co. worried? Specifically, it’s over machine learning, an early form of AI that has in recent years become mainstream, causing both delight and nervousness among AI experts and technology companies. AI involves building computers capable of taking smart decisions by themselves, the way humans do. Machine learning and various other sub-fields such as deep learning are the means to achieve AI. Google announced this week that it is rethinking all its products to base them on AI; it has created a new unit called Google.ai to facilitate this shift. The revival of interest in machine learning has been driven by a confluence of factors, such as the massive increase in computing power, emergence of neural networks (connected transistors that replicate the structure of neurons in the human brain) and the easy availability of vast amounts of data, thanks to the Internet. Compared to AI leaders in the Silicon Valley and China, India is a laggard but even here, nearly 300 start-ups are using some form of AI, according to Tracxn, a start-up tracker. Among dedicated AI-only Indian start-ups, 23% are working on providing solutions to multiple industries, 15% are in e-commerce, 12% in healthcare, 11% in education, 10% in financial services, and the rest in fields such as retail and logistics, according to a 2017 report by Kalaari Capital, a venture capital firm. Internet companies tap machine learning techniques for a range of uses—to recommend products for you, for instance, or to predict where cabs should be placed so that when you open your cab-hailing app, there’s one a couple of minutes’ drive away. Healthcare start-ups use AI to help hospitals make speedy and accurate blood reports and medical diagnoses, saving lives. Others get fashion brands and retailers to buy the right quantities of stock. Suddenly, AI is everywhere. Lounge looks at 10 exciting start-ups that are using AI and machine learning techniques to transform healthcare, education, auto and retail. Their success is far from assured. They struggle to find quality talent; they face stiff competition from other AI start-ups; their solutions haven’t yet stood the test of time (most are less than five years old); and they are vulnerable to a variety of other factors that typically bring down start-ups, AI or not. Given the number of AI start-ups, the list is far from comprehensive. Yet the work that these 10 start-ups (and others like them) do is exciting and sometimes cutting-edge, holding out the promise of a significantly improved product or service. How does this work? Traditional code writing entailed programming computers, essentially telling computers what to do. With machine learning, computers are taught to do things themselves. Pedro Domingos, a professor in computer science and engineering at the University of Washington, puts it fittingly in his book, The Master Algorithm: How The Quest For The Ultimate Learning Machine Will Remake Our World: “The Industrial Revolution automated manual work and the Information Revolution did the same for mental work, but machine learning automates automation itself.” This is what has people worried—and thrilled. The likes of Gates and Musk fear that machines that learn to think for themselves may become smarter than humans and start taking control of things—the stuff of science fiction. But others such as Domingos believe it will lead to a near-utopian state where people, freed of chores and menial work (now automated), will pursue things that truly excite them. No matter which side of the fence you are on, there’s little doubt that AI represents potentially the most disruptive leap in technology in decades. Apart from disrupting incumbents across businesses, AI may worsen a major socio-economic headache for India: employment. The threat from automation to engineering jobs in Indian IT companies is well documented. But IT is by no means the only business where jobs are at risk. Automation may be a threat to 69% of the jobs in India, according to an October 2016 World Bank report. Even Domingos, who expresses a never-failing belief in the potential of AI to do good for humankind, acknowledges that the technology is likely to make many jobs redundant. Case in point: One of the 10 start-ups we feature replaced its 40-strong content team with a few computer scientists when it adopted machine learning techniques. That represents only a mild threat from AI, especially in a country that is already failing to meet the growing demand for jobs. Investors and experts in AI privately worry about this threat—but they aren’t worried enough yet to look for solutions. That must say something about where their priorities lie—and about the disruption that Artificial Intelligence will cause. —By Mihir Dalal *** Netradyne co-founder Avneesh Agrawal. Photo: Hemant Mishra/Mint. Netradyne, Bengaluru and San Diego, US Investment: Raised $16 million (around Rs102.8 crore) from Reliance Industries Ltd in June 2016. The team: Founded by Avneesh Agrawal, a former Qualcomm Inc. president for India and South Asia, and David Julian, a former principal engineer at the US-based chip-maker. Intelligence factor: Netradyne’s Driveri, a powerful camera that analyses driving patterns and can help determine the cause of an accident. The soap-bar-sized device is attached to a vehicle’s rear-view mirror and rests on the inside of the windscreen, pointing towards the road. In July 2015, Agrawal, along with his long-time friend and colleague Julian, set up Netradyne, wanting to tackle that intractable problem of the modern world—road accidents. Netradyne’s main product is Driveri, which packs in four high-definition cameras generating 360-degree footage of the vehicle’s path (transmitted on a real-time LTE network), has a global positioning system, gyroscope sensors and accelerometer, and a Nvidia processor, the same one that is used in the iPhone 5. The unit captures visuals of the car’s surroundings, analyses driving patterns and stores the data on a cloud platform. It uses machine learning and deep-learning systems to analyse the entire scene in front of the car: traffic lights, stop signs, objects in its course, distance to every other vehicle, relative speeds and direction. The data generated enables the platform to determine whether the driver is overspeeding or driving rashly, adhering to traffic rules, is potentially drowsy or drunk, or taking multiple halts along the route. In the event of an accident, it also sends real-time alerts to the fleet operator. According to Agrawal, similar technology is used to power autonomous car projects across the world, such as those being developed by Google (Alphabet Inc.), Uber Inc., Robert Bosch GmbH and large car-makers like Toyota, Volkswagen Group and Daimler AG. After testing the product for over 750,000 miles (around 1.2 million kilometres), Netradyne launched Driveri in the US market in March and plans to launch it in India by June-July. It recently signed its first US client, Load One, a mid-sized cargo company that operates a fleet of 350 trucks. The solution is also useful for retail customers like parents of first-time teenage drivers. Agrawal says Netradyne’s main focus currently is to ensure driver safety. The product is being marketed to commercial fleet operators to enable them to monitor drivers and enhance the safety of cargo. “Using the solution, fleet managers can train drivers on safe driving practices, besides maintaining a close check on valuable cargo.... They can also create a scorecard for drivers and incentivize them on safe driving,” says Agrawal. Agrawal, whose company employs around 60 people, expects Driveri customers to see a significant reduction in the number of traffic violations and accidents; in turn, safer driving would result in greater fuel efficiency and lower maintenance costs. The other big market is insurance. “What we are essentially doing is quantifying risk,” Agrawal says. His plan is to bring Driveri to every car in the world with insurance partners who agree to use its data for investigating accidents and deciding on a more accurate premium amount. —By Yuvraj Malik Embibe founder Aditi Avasthi Embibe, Bengaluru Investment: $9 million from venture capital investors such as Kalaari Capital and Lightbox. The team: Founded by Aditi Avasthi, a former Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) and Barclays executive. Intelligence factor: In a country where the overall quality of education consistently lags behind those in developed nations, Embibe’s core AI product can be a game changer. In the book (and movie) Moneyball, a baseball coach and an economics graduate from Harvard use an analytics engine to ditch decades of baseball practice and identify a world-class team that ends up breaking numerous Major League Baseball records. Major teams end up adopting the model. Embibe is hoping to create a similar impact in the world of education. Its learning platform is being used by thousands of students and the start-up is in talks to ally with educational training centres. Embibe, which runs a website and a mobile app, collects data from students, charging only for advanced analysis and personalized learning recommendations. Students can actually improve test scores by fixing basic mistakes using its AI platform. For instance, Embibe’s First Look Accuracy metric trains students to maximize scores in a given test by first answering the questions they can attempt confidently and then moving on to the tougher ones. Another metric, “‘Time Spent On Questions Not Answered’, indicates no confidence, an inability to know what you know yourself. You’re unsure of your ability. This value is actually 41 minutes for Indian kids for the IIT exams out of 180 minutes—in an exam where 1 mark is almost equivalent to 10,000 ranks. So, think about it—if you’re able to bring this value down by 50%, the scores automatically trend up,” explains Avasthi. The company says it has identified 27 parameters that can, for instance, predict scores in an IIT entrance exam with 93% accuracy. To get the bulk of data that its core cloud-based platform crunches, the start-up bought 100Marks, another ed-tech start-up, in 2015. Embibe uses advanced-level analytics besides its core AI engine, including self-learning algorithms, machine learning and cognitive computing akin to IBM’s Watson. It started out as an analytics company in 2012 and began using AI and machine learning tools in 2014 in an effort to create personalized solutions for individual students. Embibe started with a 40-member team that was primarily responsible for content creation; now it’s down to just three. The cost of creating content is down “from the high hundreds to Rs20 per unit of content through automation,” says Avasthi, who has hired three machine learning and AI experts from top companies, including IBM. —By Anirban Sen Tricog Health Services co-founder Charit Bhograj. Tricog Health Services PVT. LTD, Bengaluru Investment: $2 million from Inventus Capital Partners, Blume Ventures and angel investors. The team: Charit Bhograj, a cardiologist; Zainul Charbiwala, who worked at IBM India and Qualcomm; Udayan Dasgupta, who worked at Texas Instruments; and Abhinav Gujjar, who worked at Thomson Reuters and Microsoft. Intelligence factor: What can take up to 6 hours before treatment starts, Tricog accomplishes in a few minutes. Nearly 7.5 million people die every year of heart disease. Around 1.5-3 million of them are in India; half of them can be saved by early diagnosis, according to Bhograj. “Yet almost 70% of the general physicians do not have an ECG (electrocardiography) machine,” he adds. ECG—a heart health test—is conducted through a machine which records the heart’s electrical movement. These machines are not widely available in India, nor are there enough cardiologists to interpret ECG data. And it can take up to 6 hours before a patient is diagnosed and sent for treatment, says Bhograj. So Tricog set out to help doctors make instant diagnoses of heart attacks and ensure treatment is not delayed. While Tricog sources ECG machines from General Electric Healthcare, it has built its own sensory device and fits it on the machines. It gives these devices to general physicians, clinics and nursing homes on a subscription basis. Through the Internet, this device sends the ECG or recorded heart movement to a set of algorithms, which then generates a report. Before the report is sent, a specialist doctor verifies it. In 2016, Tricog processed the ECG reports of 200,000 patients; about 11,000 of them were diagnosed with a heart attack. The company claims it has never reported false results. Yet, given the stakes, Bhograj reasons that “no matter how accurate the algorithm gets, there will always be a specialist (cardiologist) to verify the report churned out by it.” Founded in 2011, the company spent close to four years putting the technology together and launched the product in February 2015. As of April, Tricog had 600 clients (general physicians, clinics and nursing homes) across 178 cities and towns, and 20 specialist doctors, including clinical cardiologists, who study the reports. In the next five years, Tricog aims to be present in 100,000 locations—it claims that though such a scale would ordinarily require around 700 doctors, it would be able to deliver comparable service with only 50 doctors. —By Arushi Chopra Arya.ai, Mumbai Arya.ai’s co-founder Vinay Kumar Sankarapu. Photo: Aniruddha Chowdhury/Mint. Investment: An undisclosed amount from YourNest Angel Fund and VentureNursery. the team: Vinay Kumar Sankarapu, chief executive officer, and Deekshith Marla, chief technology officer. Intelligence factor: Many start-ups are working with AI to solve problems in banking and insurance. Arya.ai tells them how to. Last year, world champion Lee Sedol was pitted against AlphaGo, a computer program made by Google, in a game of Go, an abstract board game. All AlphaGo needed to be told was the desired result. It figured out the rest for itself. Sankarapu, seated in his office in Mumbai’s Andheri area, says the day isn’t far when a business firm will be able to apply AI for similar results. His company, Arya.ai, is taking steps towards this; it is helping build AI that “becomes more intelligent the more it is used. The next generation of AI will be built by AI,” he says. Many start-ups in India are working with deep learning, which aims to make human effort minimal. Arya.ai works as an “enabler”. For instance, if a consultancy firm is building AI for its investment banking client, Arya.ai will provide the firm with the tools to build it, creating the “neural network”—a vast computing system that mimics the human brain; it will create a cloud system which will allow the AI to evolve, learn from its earlier tasks and apply them to the next one. “Basically, we help build a complicated system really fast, help you automate a lot of stuff. An algorithm may take months to build. We could actually help you build a complete system in weeks,” he says. Arya.ai also has direct clients, such as banks or insurance companies, where cases of fraud claims and bad loans can be identified with precision. The change is already visible: the phone call you get from your bank when an irregularity in your transaction pattern is registered is courtesy its AI-enabled system. This is the result of the data fed into it, based on geographical location and your records of the past 30 days. But as hackers get sharper—making low-key transactions over a long period of time after carefully observing the customer’s banking habits—deep learning will take it to the next level, with greater accuracy. Currently, Arya.ai is engaged with one of the world’s biggest consultancy firms, New York and London-based banks, global insurance companies and leading manufacturing firms. Their work is mostly at the business-to-business level but the effects, says Sankarapu, will also be felt by the man on the street. “Things will become super-fast, personalized and cost-efficient for the end consumer,” says Sankarapu, who grew up in Andhra Pradesh’s Kadapa district and now shuttles between Mumbai and San Francisco. In 2015, Arya.ai was chosen as one of the 21 most innovative start-ups by Paris&Co, a French innovation agency. Arya.ai started out as a way of making the lives of researchers easier in 2013, at a time when Sankarapu was studying at the Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay. If there were 200,000 books on a particular subject, it was not humanly possible to read them all; Sankarapu was trying to build AI that would absorb as much information as these books would hold in less time than the human brain ever could. “I soon understood that the bigger problem is not building a solution but enabling it. Everyone wants to use deep learning, but they don’t know how to use it,” he says. Sankarapu is a Marvel fan but he’s never had any romantic notions about AI. He says that like any new, exciting technology that comes every decade or so, AI has been hyped beyond its capabilities. To him, it is a formula, one which is more exciting than fantasy. “When you start understanding how to build it, you start understanding what we are made of. The human brain is nothing but a simple mathematical computer.” —Sankhayan Ghosh Locus.sh’s founders Geet Garg (left) and Nishith Rastogi. Photo: Hemant Mishra/Mint Locus.sh (Mara Labs INC.), Bengaluru and US Investment: At least $2.75 million from Exfinity Venture Partners, Blume Ventures, BeeNext and others. The team: Nishith Rastogi, who has worked with Amazon and eBay; and Geet Garg, who was with Amazon. The two had co-founded PinChat, a location-based conversational platform, in August 2014. Intelligence factor: Locus has developed route-planning algorithms so companies can chart the best possible route to deliver an order and allow a salesperson to cover the maximum number of points in the shortest time possible. Locus aims to automate all the human decisions involved in sending a package. With clients such as Hindustan Unilever, Quikr, Urban Ladder and Lenskart, it has a lot on its hands. The company, which says it has more than 25 clients, has developed a route-planning engine, its core business, apart from a 3D packing engine that provides configurations for loading cargo into containers. Locus also offers companies a weekly schedule of the most efficient routes and outlets for their sales teams. Rastogi says each schedule planned by their routing engine takes 5-10 minutes, whereas a skilled human being would take 1-4 hours to process the same data. The company says it helps its clients reduce their logistics costs by at least 25%. Locus offers solutions for both intracity and intercity operations. It estimates the domestic freight industry is around $100 billion; a bulk of this is intercity logistics. Planning the best possible route is not as easy as it sounds. “In many cases, we will have a landmark and street name with a wrong pin code. We have to convert this information into latitude and longitude. For this, our systems need to understand and interpret the English language and build natural language processing systems,” says Rastogi. “Let us say you have to deliver a package before hitting the gym at 6pm. But if you reach the gym 5 minutes late, that is also fine. How do I make the system understand that it is better to reach the gym by 6.05pm instead of not delivering the package at all? In the real world, if a truck is full, the driver can keep one package next to his seat. It is important in the real world to understand what that soft threshold is. It is important for the system to understand this world fuzziness,” explains Rastogi. Companies provide Locus the origin of the package, destination and expected time of delivery. Locus sources all the possible routes from Google Maps or sifts through data on past deliveries. This data is then processed, factoring in weather information, traffic, historical data on time taken to cover the distance, etc. to arrive at a few best routes. If the client is new, logistics solutions take about three months. Are the companies willing to wait? “We haven’t lost a single client yet,” says Rastogi. —By Sayan Chakraborty Mad Street Den’s co-founder Ashwini Asokan. Photo: Hemant Mishra/Mint Mad Street Den, Chennai Investment: $1.5 million from Exfinity Ventures and growX Ventures, in addition to an undisclosed sum from Sequoia Capital. The team: The husband-wife duo of Ashwini Asokan and Anand Chandrasekaran. Asokan, who previously worked for Intel Corp., and her husband Anand Chandrasekaran, a neuroscientist, who is the firm’s chief technology officer, both worked in the US before deciding to return to India in 2013. Intelligence factor: One of the several AI start-ups trying to improve the retail experience in India. Asokan, among a handful of people in India who speak openly about the skewed gender representation in the start-up business, runs Mad Street Den, a start-up that is trying to make the business of retail more efficient. The start-up’s main product, Vue.ai, offers visual search technology, product recommendations, and personalized home pages based on the tastes of individual shoppers, among other features. The AI-based technology offers several benefits to customers: uploading pictures and finding matching products, browsing in a way that is specifically tailored to their tastes, discovering products they may otherwise not have been aware of, and reducing the amount of time they spend shopping or having a more efficient shopping experience. As the customer experience improves, it results in better conversion rates for retailers. Vue.ai also helps retailers reduce cataloguing errors and product returns and make merchandising more customer-friendly. The company also hopes to turn omni-channel retail, so far a pipe dream, into reality. Mad Street Den currently works with firms such as furniture e-commerce site HipVan in Singapore and fashion e-tailers such as TataCliq, Craftsvilla and Voonik in India. The Chennai-based company is one of the tens of start-ups selling efficiency-improvement tech to retailers. Others, such as Stylumia, Staqu and SnapShopr, offer similar services. Mad Street Den, however, is expanding into gaming and other businesses this year. “Scale markets globally, scale our AI systems and establish ourselves as the first computer vision business that’s making money on scale,” says Asokan. She sounds the part of a change-the-world entrepreneur. “To build generalizable AI is one of the founding principles of why we started this. The second part of the founding principle is making AI accessible to millions of people across the globe. Not just to build it, but actually to build it on the scale that applies to people across the world. The first one represents Anand’s vision, the second one represents why I am here,” says Asokan. —By Sadhana Chathurvedula Niki.ai’s founders (from left) Sachin Jaiswal, Nitin Babel, Keshav Prawasi and Shishir Modi. Photo: Hemant Mishra/Mint Niki.ai (Techbins Solutions PVT. LTD), Bengaluru Investment: Niki.ai raised undisclosed seed investments from Ronnie Screwvala’s Unilazer Ventures, Tata Sons chairman emeritus Ratan Tata and Haresh Chawla of True North between October 2015 and December 2016. Niki.ai declined to disclose the quantum of funds raised. The team: Founded by four Indian Institute of Technology, Kharagpur, alumni. Before starting the venture, Sachin Jaiswal, chief executive officer at Niki.ai, had co-founded InnovAccer Inc., a healthcare analytics company in the US. Technology head Keshav Prawasi was a software engineer at Amazon; Nitin Babel, who looks after support and marketing, worked for Ipsos, a global market and opinion research firm; and business head Shishir Modi came from a stint at a multinational energy distribution company. Intelligence factor: Niki is used for over 20 services, including hotel, cab and movie ticket bookings, ordering food and paying bills. If you’re rude, it will reprimand you and can even block you. Chatbots—like Apple’s Siri and Google’s Allo—are essentially computer programs that make human-like conversation with users. Banks, retailers and others use chatbots to answer basic customer queries and help users navigate their websites. Niki, one of the early chatbots developed in India, is designed to serve as a virtual shopkeeper that assists in the purchase of products and services. It can help you book a cab, order food from the nearest restaurant, book tickets for movies and events, and pay general utility bills. Flight bookings, payments for insurance and courier services will be introduced soon. Niki was conceived in early 2015 and rolled out to customers in October that year. It works on a series of sophisticated algorithms that understand human language by breaking it down into structured queries that the machine can understand. Another set of codes then generates a response relevant to the query, and this goes on till the task is accomplished. The core of the platform rests on language-recognition systems. “We started with off-the-shelf solutions like Stanford CoreNLP and went on to develop our own custom models,” says Babel. These were developed by studying the interactions on Niki and constantly tweaking algorithms to accurately determine what the user is looking for. Currently, Niki has over 300,000 users; 50-60% of them are in the age group of 24-35, 20-30% in the 18-24 age group, and about 10% are over 35. “We have been collecting the conversational commerce data for Indian customers for the last two years. Close to 50 million interactions have happened on Niki and have been used to improve the accuracy from 50-60% to 90%,” says Babel. He says the company earns revenue by charging a commission on each service or product purchased on Niki. Earlier this year, the company launched a software development kit that allows other sites and apps to integrate Niki with their platforms. It is available on HDFC Bank’s OnChat, the Oxigen Wallet app and the operating system of Intex smartphones (as the LFTY feature). The company will launch 20 more partnerships soon. — By Yuvraj Malik Zenatix’s co-founders (seated in front, from left) Amarjeet Singh and Vishal Bansal. Photo: Pradeep Gaur/Mint Zenatix Solutions PVT. LTD, Gurugram Investment: Rs11.5 crore from pi Ventures, Blume Ventures, Rahul Khanna, managing partner, Trifecta Capital, Rajan Anandan, vice-president and managing director of Google, South-East Asia and India, and Snapdeal co-founders Kunal Bahl and Rohit Bansal. The team: Vishal Bansal, who worked as portfolio manager at ING Insurance; Rahul Bhalla, who worked in the legal outsourcing industry; and Amarjeet Singh, who worked as an assistant professor at the Indraprastha Institute of Information Technology, Delhi. Intelligence factor: Zenatix helps businesses save energy and cut down their electricity bills. Zenatix, a team of 35, works with large chains of quick-service restaurants (QSRs), bank ATMs and retail stores which have anywhere from 200 to more than 1,000 stores/outlets. A Zenatix client that has around 1,000 stores, each 2,500 sq. ft in area, used to spend Rs80-100 crore annually on electricity. Zenatix helps it save 10-30% of this amount. All these outlets have electrical assets such as ATM machines, air conditioners, and ovens and exhaust fans in the case of QSR kitchens. When it comes to ACs in a workplace, someone would generally switch them on at the start of the day and switch them off at the close of day. “The person is not equipped with the intelligence that, based on the occupancy of the space, temperature outside and even time of day, the usage of AC can be optimized. Or consider, if an ATM breaks down, it could take a few hours to days (depending on where it is located) to get it fixed,” says Bansal. “If we know that a grocery store or an ATM sees a minimum footfall during certain hours of a day, one set of ACs may be switched off to maintain the same ambient temperature inside,” he adds. Through its WattMan device, Zenatix captures data points such as the time of day, electricity consumed, and outside temperature, every 30 seconds. Based on this, it can reboot an ATM when it stops working, predict when an AC in a retail store will break down or needs servicing, and automate its switching on and off. Zenatix plans to double WattMan’s presence to 1,000 sites by June, as its existing clientele of over 20 companies hands over more stores/outlets to Zenatix. As of April, it had installed WattMan at 500 sites. Zenatix wants to build accurate computing and predictive models. “Imagine if a door to cold storage is left open, and as soon as it reflects a change of temperature, the door closes automatically. That’s the kind of advanced temperature profiling we want to build.... We want that when an air conditioner is not working properly, the correlation between temperature and electricity can tell us whether it is the gas, filter or compressor causing the problem,” says Bansal. — By Arushi Chopra Active.ai’s co-founder Ravi Shankar. Photo: Hemant Mishra/Mint Active.ai (Active Intelligence PTE LTD), Bengaluru and Singapore Investment: $3.5 million (around Rs22.5 crore) from Kalaari Capital and IDG Ventures India. The team: Ravi Shankar, chief executive officer and co-founder, has worked with banks such as HDFC Bank, ABN AMRO and YES Bank; Shankar Narayanan, the chief operating officer, founded the start-ups Fastacash and Cazh and co-founded Tagit; Parikshit Paspulati, chief technology officer, founded Finoculus and co-founded Tagit. Narayanan and Paspulati are Singapore-based, where the company is headquartered; more than half the workforce is based in Bengaluru. Intelligence factor: Let’s say, you need to know your account balance and don’t really have the time to walk into an ATM or even look into the bank’s app. Send a message to the bank through Facebook Messenger or WhatsApp and you will get the reply. Chances are high that your bank is using Active.ai platform, an intelligent interface that allows banks and consumers to connect over chat. Photo: Hemant Mishra/Mint Shankar, Narayanan and Paspulati have all worked with banks and fintech start-ups. Perhaps naturally then, Active.ai wants to improve customer engagement for banks and insurance companies. “Say you type, I lost my wallet. What will the bank understand? There is no transaction for ‘lost my wallet’. The system will understand that it means all the cards are gone. The bank will say I will block your card,” says Shankar. “Now, let’s say you are at an airport. The bank will say, ‘Looks like you are at an airport and travelling. Can we help you with a (travel) insurance policy?’ The ability to hold this conversation is what we bring to banks.” According to Shankar, Active.ai will help banks almost halve their customer engagement costs. Active.ai essentially offers a platform that has chatbots through which banks can interact with customers. The more customers interact, the more the Artificial Intelligence behind Active.ai’s platform will learn about them and the better it will be able to offer personalized advice and service, increasing customer engagement and loyalty. Usage for consumers can range from opening an account and getting balance information, to transferring money to other accounts or paying bills. Banks, on the other hand, can push relevant products and services, drawing on the data available on customer history. The bot can be integrated via various channels, including WeChat, LINE, Kakao Talk, Facebook Messenger, Amazon Echo and Siri. Largely, the company sources data from banks and other partner financial institutions, apart from Envestnet | Yodlee, a data aggregation and analytics platform. Active.ai has developed algorithms that can convert unstructured messages, i.e. input by consumers, into structured instructions for banks using natural language processing and machine learning. “Say you are typing on Facebook. This is unstructured messaging. We convert that into entities and intent. For instance, you type, ‘I want to know what is happening in my account.’ Here, entity is the account and intent is ‘I want to know’. Our algorithm captures this and it then figures out the context. That is the third component. So the system will think this guy has an account and wants to know what is happening there, I should get his balance,” explains Shankar. In India, the company counts Axis Bank as a client; deals with several others are in the pipeline. It says it has already signed up with banks in Malaysia, Singapore and Thailand. Discussions with banks in North America are under way, says Shankar. “Apart from reducing the costs of customer engagement, banks can cross-sell or upsell. It helps them retain customers with higher engagement and client service levels. It also helps banks reach out to new consumers, especially the youth, via chat,” he adds. Having started with the banking sector, Active.ai now plans to work with insurance companies to boost customer engagement. —By Sayan Chakraborty SigTuple’s founding team (from left) Tathagato Rai Dastidar, Rohit Kumar Pandey and Apurv Anand. Photo: Hemant Mishra/Mint Sigtuple, Bengaluru Investment: $6.4 million, from investors such as Accel Partners, Axilor Ventures, IDG Ventures, pi Ventures, Endiya Partners, VH Capital and Flipkart founders Sachin and Binny Bansal. The team: Started by former American Express executives Rohit Kumar Pandey, Tathagato Rai Dastidar and Apurv Anand. Intelligence factor: SigTuple is helping hospitals and healthcare centres improve the speed and accuracy of blood reports. Photo: Hemant Mishra/Mint In medicine and healthcare, accuracy and time are important factors. A delay of even half an hour can result in loss of life; and a wrong diagnosis could prove tragic. SigTuple is looking to address both these issues through its AI-powered Manthana platform, which can, among other things, analyse blood samples and generate medical reports in less than 10 minutes—and with complete accuracy, according to Pandey, who is also the chief executive officer. “From the moment someone reaches the labs and provides a blood sample, the total time taken for the generation of a report and review by a pathologist is less than 10 minutes,” says Pandey. Manthana is being used by a number of mid- to large-sized hospitals, diagnostics labs, and eyecare and healthcare chains. Among their prominent clients is Anand Diagnostic Labs, one of Bengaluru’s biggest chains, which uses one of SigTuple’s digitization tools to analyse blood samples. Now the team is working towards making Manthana available for a complete diagnosis. Photo: Hemant Mishra/Mint At present, Manthana can analyse blood, semen and urine samples—Pandey says the platform is capable of generating complete blood reports, which typically analyse 21 different parameters, including red and white blood cell count and platelets. For example, SigTuple has used the AI-powered platform to analyse a blood sample to catch a malarial parasite, says Pandey. Accuracy is another area that the team hopes to improve on—currently, SigTuple’s accuracy rates differ for different solutions. For instance, accuracy rates for urine samples stand at around 85-88%. For SigTuple, evolving from traditional analytics to machine learning was a crucial pivot, since it wanted to create tools that could analyse medical cases, just like a doctor would. “Earlier, the algorithms that were being used, as soon as they saw new data, the results used to get skewed. With the advancement of AI, as more and more new data keeps coming in, the machine continues to learn—like humans. And it starts generating solutions, which was not possible with traditional algorithms,” says Pandey. The limitations of traditional algorithms were addressed by machine learning, where a machine is trained to mimic a human brain—somewhat like IBM’s Watson. For example, a hospital chain which wants to open a lab in a tier-II or tier-III city usually has to spend hundreds of crores of rupees on hardware, equipment and medical experts. With SigTuple’s platforms such as Manthana, hospitals can scale up in smaller cities and towns. Since it also eliminates the need for labs to ship blood samples to different locations, it helps diagnostic chains save on logistical costs and, more crucially, time. “There is no need for a manual review by a pathologist by putting a slide under a microscope. Second, remote diagnosis is made possible, because the pathologist need not be sitting next to the microscope or blood slide. No shipping is required—the pathologist can be anywhere,” says Pandey. SigTuple gets most of its data from the labs and hospitals that it works with. Over the next year, a top priority for the company is to gather more data through more such partnerships to improve the accuracy of Manthana. —By Anirban Sen Livemint Topics: India AI Artificial Intelligence Machine Learning start-ups More From Livemint READ MORE Oil ministry may block PSUs buying GDF International’s 10% stake in Petronet LNG LG to bring premium ‘LG Signature’ brand to India in July KEC International bags orders worth Rs945 crore First Published: Sat, May 20 2017. 08 58 AM IST Editor's Picks 10 standout start-ups taking an AI leap in India Do SBI’s fourth quarter results indicate a turnaround in economy? How safe are sanitary pads in India? Latest News Oil ministry may block PSUs buying GDF International’s 10% stake in Petronet LNG LG to bring premium ‘LG Signature’ brand to India in July KEC International bags orders worth Rs945 crore Inflation will fall by 2% on GST implementation: Hasmukh Adhia Kalpataru Power Q4 net profit up 36.54% at Rs89.6 crore Mint On Sunday The amazing adventures of Dadasaheb Phalke - Part 2 Ever wondered if you could implant a memory? The secret of happiness lies in what you do, not what you buy How to conquer Delhi and other tales Letter from a dram Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Technology Education Multimedia Consumer Science Mint on Sunday Sports Specials Close
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City Name Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting VRtually There More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost VRtually There Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 9568 11 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Comey, called 'nut job' by Trump, to testify in open session before Senate And just hours after he departed for the Middle East on Friday, President Trump was hit with double-barreled news leaks involving the Russia investigation. Post to Facebook Comey, called 'nut job' by Trump, to testify in open session before Senate And just hours after he departed for the Middle East on Friday, President Trump was hit with double-barreled news leaks involving the Russia investigation.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: https://usat.ly/2qCDbHx {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 672 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Comey, called 'nut job' by Trump, to testify in open session before Senate David Jackson and Kevin Johnson , USA TODAY Published 4:11 p.m. ET May 19, 2017 | Updated 11:33 p.m. ET May 19, 2017 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share President Donald Trump told Russian diplomats that firing former FBI director James Comey relieved "great pressure" he felt regarding the bureau's investigation into possible collusion between his campaign and Russia according to NYT. Time President Trump and former FBI director James Comey are seen in this composite photo. (Photo: Michael Reynolds and Shawn Thew, epa) 9568 CONNECTTWEET 11 LINKEDIN 672 COMMENTEMAILMORE WASHINGTON — Former FBI director James Comey will soon testify in open session before the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, following revelations Friday that President Trump told Russian leaders that Comey is a "nut job" who was adding pressure to the high-stakes investigation of possible interference in the 2016 election. Comey, abruptly fired by Trump last week, has agreed to testify in public sometime after Memorial Day, the committee said in a statement. “I hope that former Director Comey’s testimony will help answer some of the questions that have arisen since Director Comey was so suddenly dismissed by the President," said Sen. Mark Warner, D-Va., the committee's vice chairman. "I also expect that Director Comey will be able to shed light on issues critical to this Committee’s investigation of Russian interference in the 2016 election. Director Comey served his country with honor for many years, and he deserves an opportunity to tell his story. Moreover, the American people deserve an opportunity to hear it.” A current White House official has drawn the scrutiny of federal investigators in the widening inquiry into Russia's interference in the 2016 election, a person familiar with the matter said Friday. The person, who is not authorized to comment publicly, declined to identify the White House official. The development was first reported by the Washington Post. The New York Times reported that Trump told Russian officials that Comey is a "nut job," and that dismissing him meant the pressure of the FBI's Russia probe has been "taken off." White House officials did not deny either story, but only stressed that Trump and his staff had no collusion with Russia. “As the President has stated before, a thorough investigation will confirm that there was no collusion between the campaign and any foreign entity," White House spokesman Sean Spicer said in response to the Post story that a White House official is now ensnared in the probe. The president himself labeled the ongoing FBI probe a "witch hunt" this week after the Justice Department appointed a special counsel to oversee it in the wake of Comey's firing. Earlier this week, revelations that Comey kept memos detailing his conversations with Trump, including one in which the president apparently pressed his former FBI director to drop the inquiry into former national security adviser Michael Flynn, roiled Washington. Sen. Richard Burr, R-N.C., chairman of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, said he hopes Comey's testimony brings some much-needed clarity. “The Committee looks forward to receiving testimony from the former Director on his role in the development of the Intelligence Community Assessment on Russian interference in the 2016 US elections, and I am hopeful that he will clarify for the American people recent events that have been broadly reported in the media,” Burr said. Read more: Trump travels to Saudi Arabia as bombshells multiply in Washington Calling impeachment talk 'ridiculous,' Trump denies pressing Comey to drop Michael Flynn investigation As for the conversation with the Russians about Comey, Spicer essentially put the onus on the ex-FBI director. "The President has always emphasized the importance of making deals with Russia as it relates to Syria, Ukraine, defeating ISIS and other key issues for the benefit and safety of the American people," Spicer said. "By grandstanding and politicizing the investigation into Russia's actions, James Comey created unnecessary pressure on our ability to engage and negotiate with Russia." Spicer denied that Trump fired Comey to block the Russia investigation, saying, "the investigation would have always continued, and obviously, the termination of Comey would not have ended it. The real story is that our national security has been undermined by the leaking of private and highly classified conversations." On May 10, the day after he fired Comey, Trump met with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey V. Lavrov and the Russian ambassador to the United States, Sergey I. Kislyak, in a meeting that has generated furious controversy. The Times, citing a report on the meeting a source read to them, said that Trump told the Russians: “I just fired the head of the F.B.I. He was crazy, a real nut job ... I faced great pressure because of Russia. That’s taken off.” The president also reportedly said: “I’m not under investigation.” The news said the documents that included the president's comments were based on notes taken from inside the Oval Office and have been circulated as the official account of the May 10 meeting. The report says one official read quotations to The Times, and a second official confirmed the broad outlines of the discussion. Other news reports also said that, during that same meeting, Trump discussed classified counter-terrorism information with the Russians. Democrats said the new stories underscore their belief that Trump fired Comey in order to shut down the Russia probe. "If there was any question as to why Comey was really fired, @realDonaldTrump just answered it. As I said, Nixonian," said Sen. Bob Casey, D-Pa. CNN reported that at one point during the 2016 campaign, Russian officials bragged in conversations that they had cultivated a strong relationship with Flynn and believed they could use him to influence Donald Trump and his team. Citing two unidentified sources, CNN also reported that White House lawyers have begun researching impeachment procedures in an effort to prepare for what officials still believe is a distant possibility that Trump could have to fend off attempts to remove him from office. White House officials believe the President has the backing of Republican allies in Congress and that impeachment is not in the cards, CNN reported. Even Democrats have tried to calm impeachment talk out of concern it is premature. But lawyers in the White House counsel's office have consulted experts in impeachment during the past week and have begun collecting information on how such proceedings would work, a person briefed on the matter told CNN. Trump's glibness in private - and even public - statements has apparently caused his staff some consternation. The Wall Street Journal reported Friday that Trump’s aides have been pressing for more restraint by the president on Twitter, and some weeks ago they organized what one official called an “intervention.” Aides have been concerned about the president’s use of Twitter to push inflammatory claims, notably his unsubstantiated allegation from March that his Democratic predecessor, Barack Obama, had wiretapped his offices, the Journal reported. In that meeting, aides warned Mr. Trump that certain kinds of comments made on Twitter would “paint him into a corner,” both in terms of political messaging and legally, an unnamed official told the Journal. The top Democrat on the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, Rep. Elijah E. Cummings, D-Md., called on Republican leaders to obtain the documents related to Trump's comments to Russian officials about Comey. “This new report that President Trump openly admitted to the Russians that he ‘faced great pressure’ from the FBI’s criminal investigation that was ‘taken off’ when he fired Director Comey is astonishing — and extremely troubling," Cummings said in a statement. "If these White House documents in fact exist memorializing the President’s statements to the Russians, the Oversight Committee needs to obtain copies immediately," he continued. "Chairman (Jason) Chaffetz should request these White House documents today and have his subpoena pen ready— just as he did earlier this week with the memos written by Director Comey.” Contributing: Doug Stanglin FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn The Trump presidency: A new era in Washington  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Trump responds to a question from a member of the news media during a joint news conference with Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos in the East Room of the White House on May 18, 2017.  Michael Reynolds, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump boards Air Force One at Andrews Air Force Base on May 17, 2017, en route to the U.S. Coast Guard Academy in New London, Conn., for a commencement address.  Susan Walsh, AP Fullscreen Trump meets with Henry Kissinger in the Oval Office on May 10, 2017.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen President Trump, Speaker Paul Ryan and other congressional Republicans celebrate in the Rose Garden of the White House following the House vote to repeal Obamacare on May 4, 2017.  Mandel Ngan, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump pauses as he speaks at the Pennsylvania Farm Show Complex and Expo Center in Harrisburg, Pa., on April, 29, 2017.  Carolyn Kaster, AP Fullscreen President Trump speaks during the National Rifle Association-ILA Leadership Forum on April 28, 2017, in Atlanta.  Mike Stewart, AP Fullscreen Secretary of the Interior Ryan Zinke listens while Trump speaks before signing an executive order to review the Antiquities Act at the Department of the Interior on April 26, 2017.  Brendan Smialowski, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump prepares to award a Purple Heart to U.S. Army Sgt. 1st Class Alvaro Barrientos, with first lady Melania Trump, right, and Tammy Barrientos, second from right, at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center on April 22, 2017, in Bethesda, Md.  Alex Brandon, AP Fullscreen Trump waves as he and Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin walk from the White House to the U.S. Treasury Department on April 21, 2017.  Jim Watson, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen President Trump greets Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni as he arrives at the West Wing of the White House on April 20, 2017.  Andrew Harnik, AP Fullscreen New England Patriots head coach Bill Belichick, President Trump, Patriots owner Robert Kraft and Patriots President Jonathan Kraft stand with Patriots players as Trump holds a team helmet at a ceremony honoring the Patriots as Super Bowl champions on the South Lawn at the White House on April 19, 2017.  Geoff Burke, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Trump joins attendees at the Easter Egg Roll to write notes to servicemembers on the South Lawn of the White House on April 17, 2017.  Brendan Smialowski, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump steps off Air Force One as he arrives at Palm Beach International Airport on April 13, 2017.  Richard Graulich, AP Fullscreen Trump speaks in the Rose Garden of the White House on April 10, 2017, at the swearing-in ceremony for Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump pumps his fist as he and Chinese President Xi Jinping walk together at the Mar-a-Lago estate in West Palm Beach, Fla., on April 7, 2017.  Jim Watson, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen President Trump walks to the podium to speak about the missile strike on Syria on April 6, 2017, at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach, Fla.  Alex Brandon, AP Fullscreen Trump speaks during a Wounded Warriors event in the East Room of the White House on April 6, 2017.  Brendan Smialowski, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen President Trump and Jordan's King Abdullah II hold a news conference in the Rose Garden at the White House on April 5, 2017.  Andrew Harnik, AP Fullscreen President Trump speaks about trade as Vice President Pence looks on before signing executive orders in the Oval Office on March 31, 2017.  Olivier Douliery, Pool/European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen President Trump shakes hands with New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie during an opioid and drug abuse listening session in the Roosevelt Room on March 29, 2017.  Shawn Thew, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen President Trump, flanked by Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price and Vice President Pence, speaks about the health care overhaul bill on March 24, 2017, in the Oval Office.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen Trump gets in the driver's seat of an 18-wheeler while meeting with truck drivers and trucking CEOs on the South Portico prior to their meeting to discuss health care at the White House on March 23, 2017.  Jim Lo Scalzo, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen President Trump speaks during a meeting with Congressional Black Caucus members in the Cabinet Room at the White House on March 22, 2017.  Chip Somodevilla, Pool/European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump holds a NASA flight jacket presented to him by NASA Astronaut Office Chief Chris Cassidy after signing the NASA Transition Authorization Act of 2017 in the Oval Office on March 21, 2017.  Bill Ingalls, NASA/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump and Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price arrive on Capitol Hill on March 21, 2017, to meet with GOP lawmakers on the Republican health care overhaul.  J. Scott Applewhite, AP Fullscreen Trump speaks to reporters onboard Air Force One before departing from Palm Beach International Airport in West Palm Beach, Fla., on March 19, 2017.  Mandel Ngan, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump and German Chancellor Angela Merkel walk down the Cross Hall to enter the East Room for a joint press conference at the White House on March 17, 2017.  Michael Reynolds, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump talks with House Speaker Paul Ryan on Capitol Hill on March 16, 2017, during a "Friends of Ireland" luncheon.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump speaks to auto workers at the American Center for Mobility on March 15, 2017, in Ypsilanti, Mich.  Bill Pugliano, Getty Images Fullscreen Trump holds up a note and drawing depicting him that was created by the child of Greg Knox of Ohio during a meeting on health care in the Roosevelt Room on March 13, 2017.  MIchael Reynolds, Pool, Getty Images Fullscreen Trump holds a National Economic Council listening session with the CEOs of community banks in the Roosevelt Room of the White House on March 9, 2017.  Kevin Dietsch, Pool/European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump gestures as he surprises visitors during the official reopening of public tours at the White House on March 7, 2017.  Jim Watson, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump walks with grandchildren Arabella Kushner and Joseph Kushner, holding a model of Marine One, across the South Lawn of the White House on March 3, 2017, before boarding Marine One helicopter for the short flight to nearby Andrews Air Force Base.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen Trump tours the Combat Direction Center on the pre-commissioned USS Gerald R. Ford aircraft carrier in Newport News, Va., on March 2, 2017.  Saul Loeb, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump has lunch with Congressional Republican leaders, including Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and House Speaker Paul Ryan, in the Roosevelt Room of the White House on March 1, 2017.  Erik S. Lesser, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen President Trump speaks before a joint session of Congress on Feb. 28, 2017.  Jack Gruber, USA TODAY Fullscreen Trump holds up an executive order to bolster historically black colleges and universities after signing it in the Oval Office on Feb. 28, 2017.  Jim Watson, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump makes a toast during a dinner reception for the annual National Governors Association winter meeting on Feb. 26, 2017, in the State Dining Room of the White House.  Manuel Balce Ceneta, AP Fullscreen Trump and Pence arrive for a meeting with manufacturing executives at the White House on Feb. 23, 2017.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin listens at right as Trump speaks during a meeting on the federal budget on Feb. 22, 2017, in the Roosevelt Room of the White House.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump reaches out to shake hands with Army Lt. Gen. H.R. McMaster at his Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach, Fla., on Feb. 20, 2017, where Trump announced that McMaster will be the new national security adviser.  Susan Walsh, AP Fullscreen The Trumps attend a campaign-style rally on Feb. 18, 2017, in Melbourne, Fla.  Chris O'Meara, AP Fullscreen President Trump walks with his grandchildren Arabella Kushner and Joseph Kushner to Marine One on the South Lawn of the White House on Feb. 17, 2017.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump speaks during a news conference on Feb. 16, 2017, in the East Room of the White House.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu shake hands during a joint news conference in the East Room of the White House on Feb. 15, 2017.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen Trump meets with retail industry leaders in the Roosevelt Room of the White House on Feb. 15, 2017.  Saul Loeb, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump and Education Secretary Betsy DeVos attend a meeting with parents and teachers on Feb. 14, 2017, in the Roosevelt Room of the White House.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump looks on as Steven Mnuchin is sworn in as Treasury secretary on Feb. 13, 2017.  Alex Wong, Getty Images Fullscreen Trump meets with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau in the Oval Office on Feb. 13, 2017.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump walks from Marine One on the South Lawn of the White House as he returns from his weekend trip to Mar-a-Lago on Feb. 12, 2017.  Molly Riley, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe listen to the translator after they both made statements about North Korea at Mar-a-Lago on Feb. 11, 2017.  Susan Walsh, AP Fullscreen President Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, accompanied by their wives, first lady Melania Trump and Akie Abe, wave before boarding Air Force One at Andrews Air Force Base on Feb. 10, 2017.  Jose Luis Magana, AP Fullscreen President Trump speaks to Democratic and Republican senators about Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch in the Roosevelt Room on Feb. 9, 2017.  Pool, Getty Images Fullscreen Trump arrives for a meeting with airline executives on Feb. 9, 2017.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Intel CEO Brian Krzanich speaks during a meeting with Trump on Feb. 8, 2017, where Intel announced an investment of $7 billion to build a factory in Chandler, Ariz., to create advanced semi-conductor chips.  Chris Kleponis, Pool/European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump holds up a gift given to him by county sheriffs following a meeting as they pose for photos in the Oval Office on Feb. 7, 2017.  Saul Loeb, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen President Trump has lunch with troops during a visit to the U.S. Central Command at MacDill Air Force Base on Feb. 6, 2017, in Tampa, Fla.  Mandel Ngan, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen The Trumps watch the Super Bowl at a party at Trump International Golf Club in West Palm Beach, Fla., on Feb. 5, 2017.  Susan Walsh, AP Fullscreen The Trumps arrive for the 60th Annual Red Cross Gala at his Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach, Fla., on on Feb. 4, 2017.  Mandel Ngan, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen President Trump walks with first lady Melania Trump on the tarmac after he arrived on Air Force One at the Palm Beach International Airport for a visit to Mar-a-Lago on Feb. 3, 2017.  Joe Raedle, Getty Images Fullscreen Trump speaks during the beginning of a policy and strategy forum with business executives in the State Dining Room of the White House on Feb. 3, 2017.  Brendan Smialowski, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus and Vice President Pence look on as Trump speaks briefly to reporters after greeting Harley Davidson executives on the South Lawn of the White House on Feb. 2, 2017.  Drew Angerer, Getty Images Fullscreen Television producer Mark Burnett, left, and Sen. John Boozman, R-Ark., look on as Trump waves upon his arrival for the National Prayer Breakfast on Feb. 2, 2017, in Washington.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump shakes hands with Neil Gorsuch, his Supreme Court nominee, in the East Room of the White House on Jan. 31, 2017.  Michael Reynolds, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen President Trump meets with small-business leaders in the Roosevelt Room of the White House on Jan. 30, 2017.  Jim Lo Scalzo, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen President Trump speaks on the phone with German Chancellor Angela Merkel in the Oval Office on Jan. 28, 2017.  Michael Reynolds, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump shakes hands with Defense Secretary James Mattis during an event at the Pentagon on Jan. 27, 2017. Vice President Pence is at right.  Susan Walsh, AP Fullscreen Trump greets British Prime Minister Theresa May as she arrives at the White House on Jan. 27, 2017.  Shawn Thew, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell watch as President Trump arrives to speak to House and Senate GOP lawmakers at the annual policy retreat in Philadelphia on Jan. 26, 2017.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen Trump boards Air Force One at Andrews Air Force Base in Maryland on Jan. 26, 2017, as he departed to attend a Republican congressional retreat in Philadelphia.  Nicholas Kamm, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump, accompanied by Vice President Mike Pence, gives a thumbs-up on Jan. 25, 2017, at the White House.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen Trump reads from one of the executive orders he signed during a visit to the Department of Homeland Security with Vice President Mike Pence, Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly and other officials in Washington on Jan. 25, 2017.  Chip Somodevilla, Pool/European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump arrives for meeting with automobile leaders in the Roosevelt Room of the White House on Jan. 24, 2017.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen Trump displays one of five executive actions he signed in the Oval Office on Jan. 24, 2017.  Shawn Thew, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump speaks during a reception for House and Senate leaders in the the State Dining Room of the White House on Jan. 23, 2017.  Susan Walsh, AP Fullscreen Trump signs executive actions in the Oval Office on Jan. 23, 2017.  Saul Loeb, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump meets with business leaders on Jan. 23, 2017, in the Roosevelt Room.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen President Trump holds a letter left for him by former president Barack Obama as Vice President Pence looks on before the swearing-in of the White House senior staff on Jan. 22, 2017.  Mandel Ngan, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump speaks at the CIA headquarters in Langley, Va., on Jan. 21, 2017.  Andrew Harnik, AP Fullscreen The Trumps arrive for a National Prayer Service at the National Cathedral on Jan. 21, 2017.  Andrew Harnik, AP Fullscreen The Trumps and Pences attend the Freedom Ball on Jan. 20, 2017.  Kevin Dietsch, Pool/European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump is joined by the congressional leadership and his family as he formally signs his cabinet nominations into law in the Presidents Room of the Senate on Jan. 20, 2017.  J. Scott Applewhite, Pool Photo-USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Trump and Obama arrive for Trump's inauguration luncheon at the Capitol.  J. Scott Applewhite, Pool Fullscreen The Trumps and Obamas stand on the steps of the U.S. Capitol on Jan. 20, 2017.  Rob Carr, Getty Images Fullscreen Trump delivers his inaugural address on Jan. 20, 2017, on the west front of the U.S. Capitol  Porter Binks, USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 85 2 of 85 3 of 85 4 of 85 5 of 85 6 of 85 7 of 85 8 of 85 9 of 85 10 of 85 11 of 85 12 of 85 13 of 85 14 of 85 15 of 85 16 of 85 17 of 85 18 of 85 19 of 85 20 of 85 21 of 85 22 of 85 23 of 85 24 of 85 25 of 85 26 of 85 27 of 85 28 of 85 29 of 85 30 of 85 31 of 85 32 of 85 33 of 85 34 of 85 35 of 85 36 of 85 37 of 85 38 of 85 39 of 85 40 of 85 41 of 85 42 of 85 43 of 85 44 of 85 45 of 85 46 of 85 47 of 85 48 of 85 49 of 85 50 of 85 51 of 85 52 of 85 53 of 85 54 of 85 55 of 85 56 of 85 57 of 85 58 of 85 59 of 85 60 of 85 61 of 85 62 of 85 63 of 85 64 of 85 65 of 85 66 of 85 67 of 85 68 of 85 69 of 85 70 of 85 71 of 85 72 of 85 73 of 85 74 of 85 75 of 85 76 of 85 77 of 85 78 of 85 79 of 85 80 of 85 81 of 85 82 of 85 83 of 85 84 of 85 85 of 85 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide 9568 CONNECTTWEET 11 LINKEDIN 672 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2qCDbHx
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Hardware Unboxed Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Mobile Microsoft surface pro Microsoft's Surface Pro 5 leaks online with minimal design changes By Shawn Knight on May 19, 2017, 11:15 AM TechSpot Panos Panay, Corporate Vice President for Surface at Microsoft, told CNET recently that “there’s no such thing as a [Surface] Pro 5” in an attempt to drive home the notion that his company wouldn’t update the Surface Pro 4 until a “meaningful” change is in order. After viewing images of the alleged device provided by serial leaker Evan Blass, however, it would seem that Microsoft may be having a change of heart (or perhaps the meaningful changes aren’t visually evident). Indeed, the system in the supplied image looks very similar to what’s already on the market in the form of the Surface Pro 4 save for a few slightly different choices on the accessory color palette and an overall design that’s a hair slimmer and sleeker (sorry, there’s still no USB Type-C connector). Blass doesn’t speculate on changes under the hood although it’s pretty much a given that we’ll find Intel’s latest family of processors and perhaps some speedier supporting hardware. He does note, however, that the device will simply be known as the Surface Pro rather than the Surface Pro 5. Microsoft revealed earlier this month that it would be hosting a media event on May 23 in Shanghai where it’ll “show the world what’s next.” It’s at this event that we’ll likely see the next Surface Pro as well as a Surface Phone. Related Reads Microsoft slashes Surface Pro 2 pricing ahead of Surface Pro 3 launch Microsoft releases fix for Surface Book, Surface Pro 4 power management issues Apple iPad Pro vs. Microsoft Surface Pro 4: Which 2-in-1 device to get? 6 comments 75 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… Galaxy Note 7 to resurface next month as the Galaxy Note FE Republic Wireless wants to give you 6 months of free service HTC announces its squeezable U11 flagship phone Product Finder scores 83 Microsoft Surface Pro 4 83 Microsoft Surface Pro 3 79 Microsoft Surface Pro 2 Popular Gigabyte Aero 15 Review: No Bezels, No Worries 26 comments Apple thinks only its techs are competent enough to fix iPhones Load Comments 6 ... User Comments: 6 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 11 Intel or AMD? 65 What was the last piece of PC hardware you bought? 8 IP question 7 How to upgrade my PC 8 Computer won't power on after pulling power cord out from computer Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Arrest Records Video L.A. nurse wins tight race to head state Democratic party BART train derails in Daly City, causing major delays Chronicle named state’s best large newspaper by publishers Bay Area political events: Policing, fake news News Education Nation World Politics Sponsored: Clean Energy CA Wildfire forces campers to flee south of San Diego Trump meeting with Arab leaders ahead of major speech The Latest: Trump meeting with Arab Gulf nation leaders Thousands in Madrid back no-confidence vote against PM Rajoy Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Quakes Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Outdoors Kevin Durant powers Warriors to Game 3 win over Spurs Giants win 13-inning thriller on Christian Arroyo’s hit Knee strain lands A’s Ryan Dull on DL; Axford reinstated Pinder’s ‘big boy pop’leads home run parade Business Technology The Tech Chronicles Jobs Public Notices Sponsored Content VisionSF Bitfinex comes back from $69 million bitcoin heist VCs hunt for food delivery business that’s sustainable Security experts predicted WannaCry attack; why did so few ICYMI: Branson toys with Virgin, Uber explains un-fare prices A&E The Daily Dish Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Events Books TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Things To Do Feeling pours in ‘Monsoon Wedding’ The latest from Dear Abby Reno-Tahoe Nightlife Oakland Symphony rolls the dice with ‘Guys and Dolls’ Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Food critic Michael Bauer 200,000 pounds of Nathan's hot dogs recalled, may contain metal 'Avocontrol': Cafe now serving avocado lattes Hamada Farms: Longtime vendor retiring from Ferry Plaza Farmers Peet's Coffee shops are now selling chicken and waffle sandwiches Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust Cannabis LGBT Mommy Files Houzz Parenting Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Over 1,000 trees chopped down at Camp Mather, bark beetles to An expert warns against exotic travel plans for young children Opening Ceremony debuts detachable jeans, immediately gets mocked Are Alexa and Siri teaching our children to be rude? Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Five ways to enjoy Filoli Westin Nanea Ocean Villas offer memories of Hawaii’s royal past New and renovated SF hotels ready for summer season Hangzhou: Dynamic city steeped in ancient mystique Real Estate The Walk-Through New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Hot Property: Sumptuous details in Eurkea Valley view home Japanese tea house with a pool in Piedmont asks $2.4 million Two Eichlers hit Marin market at different price points: Which Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car 1977 MGB Roadster made to travel Highway 1 Flagship model serves up elite international Grand Touring Coupes Carpooling mom rediscovers speed in Honda S2000 Subaru makes an even sleeker Outback Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Be aware of the five most common interview areas Multiple careers, one resume? Follow quick tips for making your first job successful Battling depression during your job search Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/nation/article/Russia-probe-reaches-current-White-House-11160226.php Russia probe reaches current White House official, sources say By Devlin Barrett and Matt Zapotosky Published 5:07 pm, Friday, May 19, 2017 WASHINGTON — The law enforcement investigation into possible coordination between Russia and the Trump campaign has identified a current White House official as a significant person of interest, showing that the probe is reaching into the highest levels of government, according to people familiar with the matter. The senior White House adviser under scrutiny by investigators is someone close to the president, according to these people, who would not further identify the official. The revelation comes as the investigation also appears to be entering a more overtly active phase, with investigators shifting from work that has remained largely hidden from the public to conducting interviews and using a grand jury to issue subpoenas. The intensity of the probe is expected to accelerate in the coming weeks, the people said. The sources emphasized that investigators remain keenly interested in people who previously wielded influence in the Trump campaign and administration but are no longer part of it, including former national security adviser Michael Flynn and former campaign chairman Paul Manafort. Latest news videos Flynn resigned in February after disclosures that he had lied to administration officials about his contacts with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak. Current administration officials who have acknowledged contacts with Russian officials include President Trump’s son-in-law, Jared Kushner; Attorney General Jeff Sessions; and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. People familiar with the investigation said the intensifying effort does not mean criminal charges are near, or that any such charges will result. Earlier this week, Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein appointed former FBI Director Robert Mueller to serve as special counsel and lead the investigation into Russian meddling. It is unclear exactly how Mueller’s leadership will affect the direction of the probe, and he is already bringing in new people to work on the team. Those familiar with the case said its significance had increased before Mueller’s appointment. While the case began quietly in July as an effort to determine whether any Trump associates coordinated with Russian operatives to meddle in the presidential election campaign, the investigative work now being done by the FBI also includes determining whether any financial crimes were committed by people close to the president. The people familiar with the matter said the probe has sharpened into something more fraught for the White House, the FBI and the Justice Department — particularly because of the public steps investigators know they now need to take, the people said. When subpoenas are issued or interviews are requested, it is possible the people being asked to talk or provide documents will reveal publicly what they were asked about. A small group of lawmakers known as the Gang of Eight was notified of the change in tempo and focus in the investigation at a classified briefing Wednesday evening, the people familiar with the matter said. Then-FBI Director James Comey had publicly confirmed the existence of the investigation in March. White House spokesman Sean Spicer said, “As the president has stated before, a thorough investigation will confirm that there was no collusion between the campaign and any foreign entity.” While there has been a loud public debate in recent days over the question of whether the president might have attempted to obstruct justice in his private dealings with Comey, whom Trump fired last week, people familiar with the matter said investigators on the case are more focused on Russian influence operations and possible financial crimes. The FBI’s investigation seeks to determine whether and to what extent Trump associates were in contact with Kremlin operatives, what business dealings they might have had in Russia, and whether they facilitated the hacking and publishing of emails of the Democratic National Committee and Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta during the presidential campaign. Several congressional committees are also investigating, though their probes could not produce criminal charges. A grand jury in Alexandria, Va., recently issued a subpoena for records related to Flynn’s business, the Flynn Intel Group, which had been paid more than $500,000 by a company owned by a Turkish American businessman close to top Turkish officials, according to people familiar with the matter. The Flynn Intel Group was paid for research on Fethullah Gulen, a cleric who Turkey’s current president believes was responsible for a coup attempt last summer. Flynn retroactively registered with the Justice Department in March as a paid foreign agent for Turkish interests. Separately from the probe now run by Mueller, Flynn is being investigated by the Pentagon’s top watchdog for his foreign payments. Flynn also received $45,000 to appear in 2015 with Russian President Vladimir Putin at a dinner for RT, a Kremlin-controlled media organization. Flynn discussed U.S. sanctions against Russia with Kislyak during the month before Trump took office, and he withheld that fact from even Vice President Mike Pence. That prompted then-acting Attorney General Sally Yates to warn the White House’s top lawyer that Flynn might be susceptible to blackmail. Flynn stepped down after the Washington Post reported on the contents of the call. The president has nonetheless seemed to defend his former adviser. A memo by Comey alleged that Trump even asked that the probe into Flynn be shut down. The White House also has acknowledged that Kushner met with Kislyak in late November. Kushner also has acknowledged that he met with the head of a Russian development bank, Vnesheconombank, which has been under U.S. sanctions since July 2014. The president’s son-in-law initially omitted contacts with foreign leaders from a national security questionnaire, though his lawyer said Kushner submitted the form prematurely and informed the FBI soon after that he would provide an update. Devlin Barrett and Matt Zapotosky are Washington Post writers. Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. NBA WESTERN CONFERENCE FINALS Durant powers Warriors to Game 3 win over Spurs Warriors’ Andre Iguodala cleared for Game 3 Rash of injuries reinforces NBA team’s need for superstars LATEST NEWS Giants win 13-inning thriller on big Arroyo hit BART train derails in Daly City, but no passengers hurt Man shot and killed at a home by Pleasanton police Magnitude 2.5 quake strikes near Gilroy Comey's dad on Trump: 'I'm convinced that he’s nuts' Marshawn Lynch leads massive Oakland bike parade Plane crashes into LA airport truck after landing Study: Early humans sexually attracted to head bump Nudists celebrate the Summer of Love in Castro When did costumes become part of Bay to Breakers? Cal Academy's NightLife is a living pop-up rock museum Rare glimpses inside scene that would become Summer of Love 'SNL': Trump sings 'Hallelujah' with closest advisers, Ivanka ‘SNL': The Rock picks Tom Hanks as 2020 running mate Melania ignores Trump criticism and shuns headscarf Saudis welcome Trump, receive arms package Inside the SF Laundromat basement where 2 dozen people lived Basic hygiene items bring bit of dignity to life on streets TODAY'S TOP PICKS Ayesha Curry opens Waikiki food counter How to protect yourself from wild animal attacks High society: Pippa Middleton marries at almost-royal event11:19 PM Most Popular 1 Nudists celebrate the Summer of Love in Castro 2 Dear Abby: Old friend’s sudden withdrawal hard to get past 3 Kevin Durant powers Warriors to Game 3 win over Spurs 4 Marshawn Lynch leads massive Oakland bike parade 5 Ayesha Curry opens Waikiki food counter 6 BART train derails in Daly City, causing major delays 7 In Saudi Arabia, Melania Trump opts to keep her head bare 8 James Comey's 86-year-old dad laid into Trump for firing Comey 9 English wedding: Pippa Middleton marries as royals look on 10 Man shot and killed at a home by Pleasanton police officer LATEST NEWS Giants win 13-inning thriller on big Arroyo hit BART train derails in Daly City, but no passengers hurt Man shot and killed at a home by Pleasanton police Magnitude 2.5 quake strikes near Gilroy Comey's dad on Trump: 'I'm convinced that he’s nuts' Marshawn Lynch leads massive Oakland bike parade Plane crashes into LA airport truck after landing Study: Early humans sexually attracted to head bump View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
                                  Sunday, May 21, 2017   search SGN SERVING SEATTLE AND THE PACIFIC NORTHWEST FOR 43 YEARS! http://sgn.org/rss.xml Javascript DHTML Drop Down Menu Powered by dhtml-menu-builder.com Last Weeks Edition                           Weather Forecast         to Section One | to Arts & Entertainment posted Friday, May 19, 2017 - Volume 45 Issue 20 Equality Act reintroduced in Congress with unprecedented corporate support Section One ALL STORIES   next story Equality Act reintroduced in Congress with unprecedented corporate support 240 members of Congress and more than 90 corporations back bipartisan legislation adding protections for LGBTQ people to federal civil rights laws Equality Act introduced as nearly two-thirds of LGBTQ Americans report experiencing discrimination WASHINGTON, D.C. - Today, the Human Rights Campaign (HRC), the nation's largest lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer (LGBTQ) civil rights organization, joined with bipartisan lawmakers and an unprecedented number of businesses to announce the re-introduction of the Equality Act - federal legislation that would finally guarantee explicit, permanent protections for LGBTQ people under our nation's existing civil rights laws. The bipartisan legislation would provide clear and equal protections under federal law for all Americans in vital areas of life, like employment, access to public spaces, housing, credit, education, jury service, and federally-funded programs. Today, in a majority of U.S. states (31), LGBTQ people remain at risk of being fired, evicted or denied services because of who they are. 'No person's fundamental rights should be determined by which side of a state line they live on,' said HRC President Chad Griffin. 'The Equality Act will once and for all end the unacceptable patchwork of non-discrimination laws across this country that leaves LGBTQ people at risk. Every American should have a fair chance to earn a living, provide for their families, and live their lives without fear of discrimination. And at its core, that's what the Equality Act is all about.' Discrimination is a real and persistent problem for far too many LGBTQ Americans. HRC polling has found that nearly two-thirds of self-identified LGBTQ Americans report experiencing discrimination - including people like Carter Brown, a transgender man from Texas who lost his job after he was outed by his colleagues. Currently, 50 percent of LGBTQ Americans like Mr. Brown live in states where they are at risk of being fired, denied housing, or refused service because of who they are. There is no federal law explicitly protecting LGBTQ people from discrimination, and 31 states still lack fully-inclusive non-discrimination protections for LGBTQ people. Today's announcement included unprecedented support from the business community: 92 major corporations have now joined HRC's Business Coalition for the Equality Act. While the overwhelming majority of America's leading businesses have already started addressing workplace fairness for LGBTQ employees, these major employers know how important the need is for a federal standard that treats all employees the same no matter which state they live in. The slate of companies endorsing the Equality Act have combined operations in all 50 states, headquarters spanning 23 states, and collectively generate $2.6 trillion in revenue. In total, these companies employ more than 5.8 million people across the United States. The overwhelming majority of Americans support full federal equality for LGBTQ people. Polling released last year by the nonpartisan Public Religion Research Institute (PRRI) found that support for a bill like the Equality Act topped 70 percent nationally, including a majority of Democrats, Republicans and Independents. PRRI's groundbreaking survey included 42,000 interviews in 50 states and found majority support for the Equality Act in all 50 states. The Equality Act is co-sponsored by 240 members of Congress. It was first introduced in 2015 by Representative David Cicilline (D-RI) and by Senators Jeff Merkley (D-OR), Tammy Baldwin (D-WI) and Cory Booker (D-NJ). Major corporations in the HRC Business Coalition for the Equality Act include Abercrombie & Fitch Co.; Accenture; Adobe Systems Inc.; Advanced Micro Devices Inc.; Airbnb Inc.; Alcoa Inc.; Amazon.com Inc.; American Airlines; American Eagle Outfitters; American Express Global Business Travel; Apple Inc.; Arconic; Automatic Data Processing Inc.; Bank of America; Best Buy Co., Inc.; Biogen; Boehringer Ingelheim USA Corp.; Booz Allen Hamilton Inc.; Broadridge Financial Solutions Inc.; Brown-Forman Corp.; CA Technologies Inc.; Caesars Entertainment Corp.; Capital One Financial Corp.; Cardinal Health Inc.; Cargill Inc.; Chevron Corp.; Choice Hotels International Inc.; Cisco Systems Inc.; The Coca-Cola Co.; Corning Inc.; Cox Enterprises; CVS Health Corp.; Darden Restaurants Inc.; Delhaize America Inc.; Diageo North America; The Dow Chemical Co.; Dropbox Inc.; E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Co. (DuPont); eBay; EMC Corp.; Facebook Inc.; Gap Inc.; General Electric Co.; General Mills Inc.; Google Inc.; The Hershey Company; Hewlett Packard Enterprises; Hilton Worldwide Inc.; HP Inc.; HSN Inc.; Hyatt Hotels Corp.; IBM Corp.; Intel Corp.; InterContinental Hotels Group Americas; Johnson & Johnson; JP Morgan Chase & Co.; Kaiser Permanente; Kellogg Co.; Kenneth Cole Productions; Levi Strauss & Co.; Marriott International Inc.; MasterCard Inc.; McGraw Hill Financial; Microsoft Corp.; Mitchell Gold + Bob Williams; Monsanto Co.; Moody's Corp.; Nike Inc.; Northrop Grumman Corp.; Office Depot Inc.; Oracle Corp.; Orbitz Worldwide Inc.; PepsiCo Inc.; Procter & Gamble Co.; Pure Storage Inc.; Qualcomm Inc.; Replacements Ltd.; Salesforce; SAP America Inc.; Sodexo Inc.; Symantec Corp.; T-Mobile USA Inc.; Target Corp.; Tech Data Corp.; TIAA; Twitter Inc.; Uber Technologies Inc.; Unilever; Warby Parker; Wedding Wire Inc.; Williams-Sonoma Inc.; and Xerox Corp. The Human Rights Campaign is America's largest civil rights organization working to achieve equality for lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer people. HRC envisions a world where LGBTQ people are embraced as full members of society at home, at work and in every community. Courtesy of HRC Tell a friend:  Share on Facebook Share on MySpace!     Share on Delicious Share on StumbleUpon! No visas for Chechen refugees Let 'em die, State Department says ------------------------------ Trump literally driving White House staff crazy, WaPo reports ------------------------------ Unlike everyone else, Lorena Gonzalez is not running for mayor ------------------------------ Seattle Japanese American Citizens League presents Family 2.0: An API LGBTQ Gathering May 20 ------------------------------ GOTHIC SEATTLE PAGEANT ------------------------------ It's not about politics: From the wife of a transgender candidate ------------------------------ Patty Murray introduces bill to end credit discrimination against LGBT Americans ------------------------------ Investigate Jeff Sessions, Sens. Murray and Cantwell say ------------------------------ HRC files amicus brief with major companies supporting Transgender student Gavin Grimm in G.G. v. Gloucester County School Board ------------------------------ 'No reason' to ban same-sex marriage, liberal Muslim group says ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ Congressional Democrats reintroduce LGBT Equality Act ------------------------------ Equality Act reintroduced in Congress with unprecedented corporate support ------------------------------ Trump executive order targets reproductive choice, separation of church and state No OK for anti-LGBT discrimination ------------------------------ Alabama's anti-LGBTQ adoption law H.B. 24 signed into law ------------------------------ ------------------------------ BREAKING NEWS ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------         gay news feeds gay news readers gay rss gay http://sgn.org/rss.xml | what is RSS? | use Google to set up your RSS feed SGN Calendar For Mobile Phones http://sgn.org/rssCalendarMobile.xml SGN Calendar http://sgn.org/rssCalendar.xml Seattle Gay News - SGN 1707 23rd Ave Seattle, WA 98122 Phone 206-324-4297 Fax 206-322-7188 email: sgn2@sgn.org website suggestions: web@sgn.org copyright Seattle Gay News 2017 - DigitalTeamWorks 2017 USA Gay News American News American Gay News USA American Gay News United States American Lesbian News USA American Lesbian News United States USA News Pacific Northwest News in Seattle News in Washington State News
SHOP MOBILE SITE SEND US TIPS JOIN LOG IN Search all All News Features Blogs Forums CATEGORIES Reviews News Blogs Images Shop COMPONENTS All Components Recent additions: AMD Ryzen 5 1600X And 1500X Processor Review: Affordable Zen Takes On Core i5 AMD Ryzen Game Optimization Begins: Ashes Of The Singularity Patched And Tested Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Benchmark First Look, A Mobile Powerhouse Emerges Processors Recent additions: AMD Ryzen 5 1600X And 1500X Processor Review: Affordable Zen Takes On Core i5 AMD Ryzen Game Optimization Begins: Ashes Of The Singularity Patched And Tested Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Benchmark First Look, A Mobile Powerhouse Emerges Graphics/Sound Recent additions: EVGA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti SC2 GAMING Review: Dialing-In On Performance NVIDIA Volta-Powered DGX-1 And DGX Station AI Supercomputers Debut At GTC 2017 MSI GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Gaming X 11G Review: Blazing-Fast And Custom Cooled Motherboards Recent additions: AMD Announces X300 And X370 AM4 Motherboards For Ryzen Processors, All Chips Unlocked Gigabyte Z170X-Designare Motherboard Review: Affordable, High-Tech, Great Performance Rivet Networks Killer E2500 Gigabit Ethernet For Gamers With Advanced QoS Tested Storage Recent additions: Micron 5100 ECO and MAX SSD Review: High-Capacity, Affordable Datacenter Storage Intel Optane Memory With 3D XPoint Review: Easy, Robust PC Acceleration Samsung EVO Plus microSDXC 128GB Card Rips File Transfers Up To 100MB/s Misc Recent additions: Hykso Punch Trackers Review: Boxing Meets Wearable Technology Netgear Nighthawk X10 Wireless AD7200 Router Review [Updated] The Best Of CES 2017 SYSTEMS All Systems Recent additions: Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big Gaming Performance In A Small Package Maingear Vybe Review: Dual GTX 1070s And Kaby Lake Cranked To 5GHz The Best Of CES 2017 Desktops Recent additions: Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big Gaming Performance In A Small Package Maingear Vybe Review: Dual GTX 1070s And Kaby Lake Cranked To 5GHz Dell XPS 27 (7760) All-In-One Desktop Review: 4K Touch And Wired For Sound DIY Recent additions: Gigabyte Brix S GB-BSi5HT-6200 Ultra Compact SFF PC Review New Matter MOD-t 3D Printer Review: Low Cost, User-Friendly Creation AMD Powered Star Wars Battlefront Radeon 380X-Powered Gaming PC Build Small Form Factor Recent additions: Lenovo Annouces ThinkStation P320 Workstations With Kaby Lake And Quadro Graphics For VR Developers Gigabyte BRIX Gaming UHD Review With Teardown And Rebuild Action Intel Compute Stick Core m3 Review: Skylake On A Thumbstick IT/ENTERPRISE All IT/Enterprise Recent additions: AMD Naples Zen Platform Makes ‘EPYC’ Debut For Data Center Market Intel Announces Xeon Scalable Processor Family Based On Skylake-SP Toshiba's Non-Encrypted HK4 SSDs Now Shipping In High Performance NetApp SolidFire Data Center Products Workstation Recent additions: Aquantia Launches Multi-Gigabit NICs For Enthusiast-Class PCs and Professional Workstations Intel Kaby Lake Xeon E3-1200 Family Takes Flight Lenovo Annouces ThinkStation P320 Workstations With Kaby Lake And Quadro Graphics For VR Developers Data Center/SMB Recent additions: AMD Naples Zen Platform Makes ‘EPYC’ Debut For Data Center Market Intel Announces Xeon Scalable Processor Family Based On Skylake-SP Toshiba's Non-Encrypted HK4 SSDs Now Shipping In High Performance NetApp SolidFire Data Center Products Cloud Recent additions: Microsoft Legal Marijuana Tracking Software Has A Serious Case Of The Munchies ProtectWise Builds Security As A Service Platform With DVR Playback And Jacks You Into The Matrix NVIDIA Launches GeForce NOW Game Streaming Service Software Recent additions: Microsoft CodePlex Open Source Repository Closing, Devs Urged To Embrace Github Microsoft Rolls Out Wake On LAN For Easier Remote Windows 10 Updates Google Chrome For macOS Gains Enhanced Safe Browsing Malware Protection MOBILE All Mobile Recent additions: Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review: Optimized Mobility Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium Android Productivity And Entertainment HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Notebooks Recent additions: Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review: Optimized Mobility HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming Review: Great Battery Life, Strong Performance, Affordable Price Smartphones Recent additions: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: Android Excellence In Performance And Design LG G6 Review: Design Elegance And Efficiency A Winning Combination Australian Regulators Sue Apple Over Fatal Error 53 Bricking Of Repaired iPhones Tablets Recent additions: Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium Android Productivity And Entertainment HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Dell XPS 13 2-In-1 Review - Portable And Flexible Living On The Infinity Edge Gadgets Recent additions: GoPro Fusion Spherical 360 Degree VR 5.2K Camera Launching 2H 2017 Hykso Punch Trackers Review: Boxing Meets Wearable Technology Amazfit Pace GPS Smartwatch Review: Sleek, Attractive, And Great Battery Life LEISURE All Leisure Recent additions: Sole Surviving Nintendo PlayStation Rare Prototype Is Now Fully Functional Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Razer Lancehead eSports Gaming Mouse Promises Unmatched Wireless Performance Entertainment Recent additions: Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Google Launches $35/Month YouTube TV Streaming Service For Discerning Cord Cutters NVIDIA SHIELD TV (2017) Review: Smart Home, 4K HDR, And Game Streaming Gaming Recent additions: Sole Surviving Nintendo PlayStation Rare Prototype Is Now Fully Functional Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Razer Lancehead eSports Gaming Mouse Promises Unmatched Wireless Performance Social Recent additions: Tinder Users Outaged As Machine Learning App Scrapes And Exposes 40,000 Profile Photos Merriam-Webster Adds ‘Sheeple’ To Dictionary Citing Apple Fans As Prime Examples Twitter Getting Rid Of The Default Egg Profile Picture That Has A Bad Actor Reputation VIDEOS All videos 2.5 Geeks Reviews/How Tos FORUMS BLOGS Shop Subscribe TRENDING: Vega AMD ThreadRipper AMD EPYC Microsoft Surface Radeon RX 580 Samsung Galaxy S8 home Mobile Smartphones by Brittany Goetting — Thursday, February 09, 2017 Apple’s 10th Anniversary iPhone 8 With OLED Display Could Top $1,000 Diamonds are the traditional tenth anniversary gift, but Apple reportedly has a little something different up its sleeve. Apple is planning on releasing a tenth anniversary iPhone 8 with an OLED display and it will likely cost upward of $1,000 USD. The 5.7-inch iPhone 8 (or iPhone X) will likely look quite different than its predecessors. It is believed that the iPhone 8 will be composed of stainless steel, instead of pricier aluminum. The back of the iPhone 8 may also be made of glass instead of metal (like its iPhone 4 and iPhone 4s predecessors). Apple has been working to remove the physical Home button and relocate it underneath the display surface. There is even a slight chance that Apple will remove the side buttons on the iPhone and replace them with touch-sensitive inlays in the metal. It is also possible that there will be a 4.7-inch model (iPhone 7s) and a 5.5-inch model ( iPhone 7s Plus). The biggest rumor is that the iPhone 8 will feature an OLED display. Apple has been gobbling up as much capacity from available OLED manufacturers as possible in preperation. Samsung and a handful of other Asian upstarts are currently the only manufacturers who produce OLED displays. The iPhone 8 would receive the OLED display, however,  the smaller-screened phones would be stuck with LCD displays. Apple has also allegedly been working with Lumentum on 3D sensing technology, but it is currently unclear how this technology would be applied. Some believe that the technology would be used for facial recognition, while others surmise that it would be use to improve the effective resolution of the the dual lens camera. Intel’s 7480 LTE modems might be incorporated into some of the iPhones, while others may include modems from Qualcomm. Also expect to see a larger battery compared to current generation iPhones. Production for the iPhone 8 will likely begin this spring, while the announcement will come in the autumn. Tags:  Apple, (NASDAQ:AAPL), iphone 8 Via:  Fast Company Show comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Follow Us: Twitter Facebook RSS Email YouTube AppStore Google+ 85K 9K 4K 25K CONVERSATIONS Monster Intel 12-Core i9-7920X Leaked...34 AMD Radeon Vega Frontier Edition...20 Intel Kills Rumors Of ‘Confirmed’ GPU...12 Aquantia Launches Multi-Gigabit NICs For...11 AMD 16-Core ThreadRipper Enthusiast CPUs...11 AMD Ryzen 9 Threadripper Enthusiast CPU...10 Security Researcher Temporarily Stops...9 FEATURED Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review:... Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium... EVGA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti SC2 GAMING... Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big... MSI GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Gaming X 11G... Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice... Micron 5100 ECO and MAX SSD Review:... FAVORITES 6 TB Hard Drive Round-Up: WD Red, WD...781k Intel Core i7-6700K And Z170 Chipset...634k Intel SSD 750 Series PCIe SSD Review:...574k Dell XPS 13 (2015) Ultrabook Review,...549k AMD Ryzen Review: Ryzen 7 1800X, 1700X,...526k Alienware X51 R3 Review: Console-Sized...520k Alienware Area 51: Triad, Tri-SLI GTX...445k Getting A GeForce GTX 1080 Ti? Absolutely! No thanks Current NVIDIA card Current AMD card Vega for me Next GeForce please More Results MORE HOT HEADLINES IN MOBILE Australian Regulators Sue Apple Over... Samsung Galaxy S8 And S8+ Hands-On Demo... Google Assistant Makes Jump From Pixel... LG G6 Hands-On Preview: Compact And... Samsung Unpacks Galaxy S7 And Galaxy S7... Hands-On LG's V10 Dual Display... Asus ZenFone 2 Sneak Peek With Lollipop... Follow @HotHardware SITE Home Reviews News Blogs Images Mobile Site Sitemap CATEGORIES Components Systems IT/Enterprise Mobile Leisure Videos COMPANY About Advertise News Tips Contact MORE Forums Shop STAY CONNECTED Twitter Facebook Google + YouTube Feedburner This site is intended for informational and entertainment purposes only. The contents are the views and opinion of the author and/or his associates. All products and trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Reproduction in whole or in part, in any form or medium, without express written permission of HotHardware.com, LLC. is prohibited. All content and graphical elements are Copyright © 1999 - 2017 David Altavilla and HotHardware.com, LLC. All rights reserved. Privacy and Terms Subscribe to HH News Alerts! Preview Email Address
We noticed you’re using an ad blocker. Support NCRM and help us reduce our dependence on advertising — become an NCRM Champion! News News Politics Marriage Equality Discrimination Culture Women’s Rights Immigration International Opinion About Menu + Become a Champion Log in Source: YouTube Advertisement Jim Comey Will Testify in Open Senate Hearing by David Badash May 19, 2017 7:05 PM Comey Had Said He Would Only Testify in Public Advertisement Become a patron of breaking LGBTQ news Chip in $4 go Former FBI Director James Comey will testify before the Senate Intelligence Committee, Chairman Richard Burr and Ranking Member Mark Warner have just announced. The announcement, ironically, comes just a few hours after news broke that President Donald Trump in a closed Oval Office meeting told Russian officials Comey was "crazy" and "a nut job." The hearing will be scheduled after Memorial Day. Comey, who was fired by President Donald Trump last week in what now appears to be an attempt to obstruct the investigation into Russian and the Trump White House, had said through associates he wanted to testify but would do so only in a public setting. That right has apparently been granted. “The Committee looks forward to receiving testimony from the former Director on his role in the development of the Intelligence Community Assessment on Russian interference in the 2016 US elections, and I am hopeful that he will clarify for the American people recent events that have been broadly reported in the media,” Chairman Burr said in a statement just released. Senator Warner added: "I also expect that Director Comey will be able to shed light on issues critical to this Committee’s investigation of Russian interference in the 2016 election." "Director Comey served his country with honor for many years, and he deserves an opportunity to tell his story. Moreover, the American people deserve an opportunity to hear it." Here’s Senate Intel Chairman Richard Burr’s announcement that former FBI Director James Comey will testify at an open session pic.twitter.com/632EWvybB1 — CNN Politics (@CNNPolitics) May 19, 2017 To comment on this article and other NCRM content, visit our Facebook page. This is a breaking news and developing story. Details may change. This story will be updated, and NCRM will likely publish follow-up stories on this news. Stay tuned and refresh for updates.  Advertisement Become a patron of breaking LGBTQ news Chip in $4 go tags: News, Politics, FBI, Law, Russia, Donald Trump, James Comey, Jim Comey Advertisement Become a patron of breaking LGBTQ news Chip in $4 go Advertisement David Recommends NCRM's Official Statement on Donald Trump The best of NCRM, delivered straight to your inbox Optional email code More from around the web News Senior White House Adviser Is Significant Person of Interest in Russia Investigation News WATCH: Russian Government Posts Video of Russian Officials Laughing About Being Passed Secrets News Fox News Boasts Trump ‘Doesn’t Bow Like Obama’ to Saudi Leader (He Later Curtsied) Source: Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff/Flickr Lots of Speculation Senior White House Adviser Jared Kushner May Be the 'Person of Interest' in Russia Probe by David Badash May 19, 2017 6:24 PM 'A Current White House Official' Is 'A Significant Person of Interest' Continue Reading Be part of the movement. Become an NCRM Champion or make a donation. Interesting in partnering with NCRM? Advertise with us. Need to get in touch? Contact us or see our masthead. Read our copyright, terms & conditions, disclosure, and privacy policies. Copyright © 2008-2017 The New Civil Rights Movement, LLC The best of NCRM, delivered straight to your inbox Optional email code
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars TRANSPORTATION You no longer have to register your drone Jonathan Vanian, Fortune@JonathanVanian May 19, 2017 5:11 PM Image Credit: Kookkao/Shutterstock A federal appeals court has shot down a rule requiring hobbyists to register their drones. Appeals court judges in Washington, D.C. agreed on Friday with a drone enthusiast’s challenge to a FAA requirement that all hobbyists register their drones in a national database and pay a $5 fee. People who failed to comply with the regulations, intended to promote drone safety and help identify dangerous drone operators, risked fines and jail time. The court found that the FAA’s drone registration rule, which debuted in Dec. 2015, conflicts with previous federal legislation from 2012 that said that the FAA lacks the authority to regulate “model aircraft.” The appeals court categorizes drones as model aircraft. ”Statutory interpretation does not get much simpler,” the appeals court said in siding with plaintiff John Taylor, a drone hobbyist from Washington, DC. “The Registration Rule is unlawful as applied to model aircraft.” At least for now, the appeals court order dismantles the FAA’s years’ long efforts to create and then enforce a national drone registration system for recreational use. To develop the drone registration system, the FAA created a committee that included representatives from companies like Amazon and Google to help devise the registration system’s requirements. Eventually, the FAA built a website for people to register their drones and created educational campaigns about flight safety. Drone owners were required to place registration numbers on their aircraft. The FAA responded to the ruling on Friday by saying that it would review the decision before determining its next step, if any. A potential strategy is to get Congress to amend the original 2012 FAA Modernization and Reform Act that designated drones as model aircraft that were not subject to FAA authority. “Congress is of course always free to repeal or amend its 2012 prohibition on FAA rules regarding model aircraft,” the judges said. “Perhaps Congress should do so. Perhaps not. In any event, we must follow the statute as written.” Some of the organizations that agreed with Friday’s ruling included the Academy of Model Aeronautics (AMA), an aviation non-profit. AMA president Rich Hanson said in a statement that “federal registration shouldn’t apply at such a low threshold that it includes toys.” “For decades, AMA members have registered their aircraft with AMA and have followed our community-based safety programming,” Hanson said. “It is our belief that a community-based program works better than a federally mandated program to manage the recreational community.” The Association for Unmanned Vehicle Systems International, a drone and robotics advocacy non-profit, disagreed with the Friday ruling, and said that it a federal registration system “is important to promote accountability and responsibility by users of the national airspace.” “We plan to work with Congress on a legislative solution that will ensure continued accountability across the entire aviation community, both manned and unmanned,” said AUVSI president and CEO Brian Wynne in a statement. The Small UAV Coalition, a drone coalition with members including Amazon, Intel, and Verizon’s venture capital arm, also opposed the court order. “The FAA must have appropriate authority to maintain reasonable oversight of UAS operations, including management of a national UAS registry, which is the first step to identifying UAS operating in the national airspace,” the Small UAV Coalition said in a statement. China-based DJI, currently the world’s biggest drone manufacturer, applauded the FAA’s work to create the drone registration system. This story originally appeared on Fortune.com. Copyright 2017 VB Recommendations No ‘OK, Google’ on the iPhone? That’s a huge problem VR’s high fidelity obsession is holding it back The voice memo feature in the Volvo V90 Cross Country actually works
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Embraer Receives Customers to Celebrate 20 Years of the ERJ 145 Jet Operations Rio de Janeiro, Brazil – April 11, 2017 – As part of the celebrations for the 20 years of commercial operation of the 50-seat ERJ 145 jet, Embraer receives, as of today, almost 30 operators of the jet family for the two-day Embraer Operators Conference (EOC), in Rio de Janeiro. The first commercial flight of the ERJ 145 occurred on April 6, 1997, with U.S. airline Continental Express. “The ERJ 145 marked Embraer’s commercial renaissance, paving the way for the development of new programs, such as the E-Jets, which moved the Company into the lead of the commercial jet market for up to 130-seat aircraft,” said Paulo Cesar de Souza e Silva, Embraer President & CEO. “Personally, I have a great affection for the program, which brought me to Embraer. I participated in practically all the jet’s sales campaigns as Vice President of Customer Financing.” The ERJ 145 family of jets consists of the ERJ 145 (50 seats), the ERJ 135 (37 seats), the ERJ 140 (44 seats) and the ERJ 145 XR (long-range 145 version). Since its entry into operation, the ERJ 145 family has accumulated more than 27 million flight hours and almost 730 million passengers transported, being used by more than 120 operators. Over the last seven years, the ERJ’s global customer base has almost doubled, from 39 operators, in 2010, to 70, today. During the same period, the application and use of ERJ models has been growing in emerging markets, such as Africa, where the ERJ fleet has increased from 16 units in 2010 to almost 60 jets in 2017. Robust and with excellent operating history, the ERJ platform is a success in commercial aviation, with almost 900 units delivered, having applications in the business aviation market, with the Legacy 600 and Legacy 650 jets, as well as in defense, such as the AEW&C, Multi-Intel and maritime patrol for the Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance (ISR) segment. In total, more than 1,200 aircraft based on the ERJ 145 platform have already been delivered worldwide, making the ERJ program one of the most successful in the aircraft industry. Follow us on Twitter: @Embraer CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Embraer releases first quarter 2017 results Next PostNext Second mission of Elysium Cubesat satellite planned for 2018 Search Recent Posts The US Corporate Wellness Services Market: Size, Share, Trends & Forecasts (2017-2021) -Market Research Report Global Esports Market: Size, Share, Trends & Forecasts (2017-2021) – Market Research Report Strewth! A quarter of Australians would miss their mobile more than their pets Health, Fitness, Fantasy Makeovers Find Rockin’ New Home at Give Kids The World Village Targeted: Review of limit on tax advice deductions Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
