TechRadar The source for Tech Buying Advice Search RSS US Edition Reviews How To Phones TVs Laptops Deals Photography More Car Tech Wearables Tablets Components Audiovisual Gaming Computing Downloads News Pro Trending Buying Guides Samsung Galaxy S8 iPhone 8 LG G6 Nintendo Switch Nokia 3310 VPN Venom BlackBook Zero 14 review The Aussie dark horse Ultrabook that rhymes with MacBook By Joel Burgess Laptops & portable PCs  Shares 1. Price, design, CPU and GPU 2. Screen, hard drive, battery, ports and verdict Our Verdict Long battery life, a good cost-to-power ratio, sleek looking design, high portability and the lack of bloatware makes the BlackBook Zero 14 an excellent choice of Ultrabook. For All-day battery life Includes two chargers Has minimum Photoshop specs Doesn't get too hot Against Core M CPU only up for light multimedia work Average media encoding speed Slightly different keyboard layout Some of the biggest breakthroughs in the ultraportable laptop category over the last year have taken the form of more compact cooling architecture – something that's allowed full-spec Intel Core i5 and i7 laptop CPUs to squeeze into sub 1.5cm (⅝ inch) laptop chassis'. As a result, many of our recommended slim-and-light laptops often feature powerful components that professional customers won’t mind paying a premium for.  With Intel's power-saving Core M CPU family now into it’s third generation, however, the chip giant has been making steady gains in overall performance when compared to the 'real' Core i5 and i7 mobile CPUs. In fact, it’s now at the point where the latest Kaby Lake Core M chips can meet the minimum specs for demanding applications like Photoshop, and for many professional users that'll be all they really require. Intel's so confident that it's even rebranded Core M processors to use the same Core i3, i5 and i7 naming scheme – the giveaway is that the contain a Y in the model identifier number, such as Core i5-7Y75. When you factor in that Core M also offers better power efficiency and removes the need for active fan-based cooling – and all the breakable and dust-gathering moving parts that come with it – then there's arguably never been a better time to make an Ultrabook with a Core M processor. Venom’s new BlackBook Zero 14 is hoping to appeal to the creatives or professionals who'd prefer to spend a little less on a system but still get a system that has enough power to do everything they want.  Price and availability The Venom BlackBook Zero 14 range is currently available through Venom’s online global store (or www.mln.com.au in Australia) with prices starting at $999 (£829.86 and AU$1,499) for the Intel Core i5, 128GB model. A unit with the same Core i5 processor and a larger 240GB SSD goes for $1,099 (£912.93 and AU$1,699), while the largest 500GB SSD variant comes in at $1,199 (£996  AU$1,899). The BlackBook Zero 14s with faster Intel Core i7 CPUs start with a 240GB SSD model for $1,249 (£1,037.54 and AU$1,949), with a larger capacity 500GB  Core i7 model landing at $1,349 (£1,120.61 and AU$2,149) and the largest capacity 1TB SSD Core i7 model costing $1,549 (£1,286.75 and AU$2,549).   Design With a body honed from a black sandblasted metal alloy composite, this 1.4kg (3 pound) clamshell is around 15% heavier than the lighter 2-in-1s and Ultrabooks that you’d generally pit it against. It might seem counter-intuitive for an ultraportable unit to intentionally pack on the pounds, but when you consider that its extra weight is mostly due to the sturdy metal chassis and its fractionally bigger 14.1-inch screen, it’s a trade-off we think many people will be willing to take.   Balancing the two halves of this black metal laptop is a sturdy hinge that has a soft resistance, allowing the screen to be tilted without having to hold onto the base. We hope that the hinge, like the rest of the laptop, has been built for longevity, as the one on our test unit did sit on the looser end of the spectrum already.   At a total folded thickness of 14mm (0.55in), the BlackBook Zero 14 slips nicely into carry cases, briefcases and backpacks and the accompanying diminutive charger and cable makes it an exceptionally portable package on the whole.   Keyboard and trackpad Continuing the matte-black theme is a black-coloured chiclet keyboard that has powdery soft-to-touch keys. The key travel distance feels generous for a device this thin and we were happy with the responsiveness and strong feedback for a membrane keyboard.   The only grievance we had was that the Home, 'Page Up', 'Page Down' and End keys sit at the far right edge of the unit, making the Backspace, Enter and Shift keys slightly out of a regular alignment. This has been done in a way that makes sense for any power users who are willing to tweak their keyboard techniques and use their pinky for fast scrolling, but it will likely create problems for new users. That's mainly because the Home button sits just outside the Backspace key, so it was common for us to nudge it rather than delete a mistake, meaning the tail end of a sentence was regularly spliced into the beginning of a paragraph.   The trackpads on Windows PCs have, on the whole, gotten significantly better in the past few years, and though we have no complaints with the temperament and performance of the BlackBook Zero 14’s powdery-finished trackpad, it’s still a little shy of a MacBook or even ASUS ZenBook experience. That said, it's notably better when it comes to responsiveness than many PC laptops and it was easy enough to become accustomed to in our testing.    (Image: © Joel Burgess) CPU   Venom’s Managing Director and Chief Designer Jaan Turon said that the decision for an Intel Core M CPU in the BlackBook Zero 14 was driven by the long term thermal benefits and prolonged physical integrity of computers that don’t require fans. “We were getting a lot of feedback from customers saying that the heat of laptops on their laps was a big problem,” he told us, “and fans, when they are this small, have a tendency to make a lot of noise and collect dust over time, which will eventually cause issues in performance. "Our engineers did a lot of work restructuring the internals of the BlackBook Zero 14 to accommodate a CPU that didn’t need fans, so we could pass on those longer term benefits to our customers.”   We haven’t had the BlackBook 14 for quite long enough to verify whether the unit is more robust than Ultrabooks requiring fans, but the internal thermals are quite moderate (considering the performance) and the chassis definitely has less intense hotspots than many thin-and-light laptops we’ve tested. This reduction in heat stems from the Intel Core i5-7Y75 CPU’s lower base operating frequency of 1.2GHz, which generally sits at around 80ºC (176ºF) in intensive work or home usage conditions in ambient temperatures of 20 to 25ºC (68-77ºF), although when pushed to the extreme it can reach up to 86ºC (186ºF) at times. Under a similar load, the SOC draws 14.66W which is about 17.5% less than a Skylake Core i5-6200U. When running PCMark 8’s general home usage and work benchmarks, the BlackBook Zero 14 hits 3,088 and 4,210 respectively — scores that are almost identical to the ASUS ZenBook Flip UX360UA’s more powerful Core i5-6200U chip. For an Ultrabook aimed at professionals, this is exactly the level of performance you generally want, and it’s encouraging that Venom’s managed to get this result using a more-efficient but less powerful chip.    The Core M chips don’t hold up so well in the multimedia-oriented tasks that are tested by Cinebench’s multi-threaded and single-core CPU rendering benchmarks, where the ASUS UX360UA’s older Core i5 came off better, with respective scores of 268 and and 112, against the BlackBook Zero 14’s  scores of 174 in multi-threaded and 71 in single-core CPU. That's a considerable difference and though this specific category of Ultrabook arguably isn’t aimed at users looking to do that kind of intense rendering work, this is likely to be the area where you will see the biggest difference in performance from Intel’s Core M chips. That said, in subjective testing we found that the BlackBook Zero 14 had more than enough grunt to complete the few simple image editing tasks we threw at it, without having to close web browsers or other background applications.   Graphics When it came to GPU heavy tasks, the ASUS ZenBook Flip UX360UA’s integrated GPU (an Intel HD Graphics 520) netted 38fps in Cinebench’s OpenGL graphics benchmark, notably more than the Zero 14’s Intel HD Graphics 615, which only managed 25fps. This result was further corroborated by 3DMark’s Cloud Gate benchmark, where the former managed a score of 4,690 while the Zero 14 only mustered 3,497. So, the BlackBook Zero 14 isn’t quite as well-rounded when it comes to performance, and you shouldn't expect it to do wonders when it comes to gaming – this is for light and casual titles only – but then, at least manages to keep up in the most important work-related areas. 1 2 Current page: Price, design, CPU and GPU Next Page Screen, hard drive, battery, ports and verdict Topics Asus Tech deals, prizes and latest news Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more! No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 Samsung Galaxy S8: release date and everything you need to know 2 Samsung Galaxy S8 launch live blog - as it happened 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 8 release date, news and rumors 4 Samsung Galaxy S8 review 5 The 15 best laptops of 2017: the top laptops ranked 1 Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus review 2 Samsung Galaxy S8: release date and everything you need to know 3 Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus release date, news and features 4 Samsung Galaxy S8 launch live blog - as it happened 5 Samsung Galaxy S8 review TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. About Us Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
Latest News Dow 20,659 -42.18 -0.20% Nasdaq 5,898 +22.41 +0.38% S&P 500 2,361 +2.56 +0.11% 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% higher at 7,381.42 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens flat at 378.62 2:57 A.M. ET SSE: Lower networks profit to weigh on dividend 2:53 A.M. ET DFS declares special dividend as profit edges up 2:53 A.M. ET William Hill appoints Ruth Prior as finance chief 2:52 A.M. ET Imperial keeps earnings target; to invest £300 mln 2:51 A.M. ET H&M profit drops as sales slow in tough market 2:19 A.M. ET Booker sees 7% rise for full-year same-store sales 2:11 A.M. ET LSE to buy back £200 million of shares 2:10 A.M. ET U.K. airlines face turbulence after Brexit 2:08 A.M. ET Trump administration mulls tariffs on Perrier, Vespas over EU-beef dispute 1:16 A.M. ET Mahindra plans electric cars for U.S., China 1:12 A.M. ET Oil prices make steady gains after rallying to a three-week high 1:11 A.M. ET Updated The country with the most U.S. visa refusals is not named in Trump’s travel ban 12:55 A.M. ET Updated Millennials say Instagram is the most narcissistic social network on the planet 3/29 North Carolina lawmakers agree to repeal 'bathroom law' 3/29 Hawaii court extends ruling against Trump's travel ban 3/29 ‘Confused’ Asian markets sag, though energy stocks post gains 3/29 Trump administration may seek only minor adjustments to Nafta 3/29 Westinghouse says bankruptcy won’t affect Chinese nuclear projects Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release SCHAEFER GmbH Built 5700% Faster IT Infrastructure with Infortrend Storage Systems and Intel Servers By Published: Mar 29, 2017 10:00 p.m. ET Share BASINGSTOKE, England, March 29, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- SCHAEFER GmbH, a global leader providing premium quality elevator components, is pleased with the 5700% faster performance delivered by its next generation IT infrastructure comprising Infortrend storage systems and Intel server boards. The SCHAEFER team is now able to process 20% more orders, with 85% less power consumption and 70% smaller system footprint demands. The outdated IT infrastructure was too complicated and costly to manage and sometimes made the SCHAEFER staff wait up to 30 minutes to proceed from one step to the next. To resolve these inefficiencies and migrate to Microsoft Hyper-V virtualization, SCHAEFER conducted extensive surveys and careful evaluations and selected Infortrend storage systems with SSDs for their excellent performance, simple management, and high availability. To their full satisfaction, SCHAEFER's new IT system was up and running in just two weeks, including the system deployment and configuration, data migration, and transition from VMware to Hyper-V 2016. Now, SCHAEFER's primary storage, an Infortrend all-flash system (EonStor DS 4024B with Intel SSDs), provides 13,000MB/s throughput performance for their critical applications, while the backup system, Infortrend EonStor DS 3048, supports high capacity storage with 48 bays for HDDs. "As a technology leader, we consciously selected an IT frontrunner. That's extremely important for us as our subsidiaries and offices, for example in Asia and North America, work in different time zones," said Michael Gubisch, CEO, SCHAEFER. "As IT forms the heart of our company, SCHAEFER can now work with greater speed, precision and efficiency. The new IT system also reduces our maintenance and operating costs without compromising our data security," added Joachim Pfeifer, Project Lead, SCHAEFER. "We opted for the installed Intel components and Infortrend storage systems because they enable us to offer our customers the latest server storage technology in a budget-optimized manner," said Alexander Fuchs at Next Generation Solutions, SCHAEFER's external partner supporting their IT related matters. Teddy Lin, General Manager of Infortrend Europe commented, "Infortrend is happy to play an important part in SCHAEFER's success and will strive to work with Intel or any other vendors to keep perfecting our solutions for customers." For more details about this success story, click here or watch the testimony video here. About SCHAEFER GmbH Founded in 1964, SCHAEFER GmbH is a global player and a leader with several decades of history in producing components for the lift industry. SCHAEFER is able to provide one-of-a-kind products to customers worldwide thanks to its own in-house research and development, technical and design activities that demand nothing but the highest quality in every detail of the process. For more information, please visit http://www.ws-schaefer.de About Infortrend Infortrend (twse:2495) has been developing and manufacturing storage solutions since 1993. With a strong emphasis on in-house design, testing, and manufacturing, Infortrend storage delivers performance and scalability with the latest standards, user friendly data services, personal after-sales support, and unrivaled value. For more information, please visit www.infortrend.com Infortrend® and EonStor® are trademarks or registered trademarks of Infortrend Technology, Inc., other trademarks property of their respective owners. Infortrend Corporation David Morarity Tel: (408) 988-5729 E-mail: david.morarity@infortrend.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/schaefer-gmbh-built-5700-faster-it-infrastructure-with-infortrend-storage-systems-and-intel-servers-300428331.html SOURCE Infortrend Technology, Inc. Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular Why this financial adviser thinks you should keep piles of cash handy Americans are now utterly intolerant of ever being told they’re wrong about almost anything Trump’s intriguing idea: Cut debt by selling off federal assets The country with the most U.S. visa refusals is not named in Trump’s travel ban People spend small fortunes to bury pets at this cemetery MarketWatch Partner Center Celebrity Real Estate Taylor Swift’s Beverly Hills home goes for landmark vote next month View More SectorWatch Here's what Trump means for the tech industry View More Regulation How languages are confusing banks' compliance teams View More Moneyish This brand-new celebrity couple is worth $640 million View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska SCHAEFER GmbH Built 5700% Faster IT Infrastructure with Infortrend Storage Systems and Intel Servers English Deutsch News provided by Infortrend Technology, Inc. Mar 29, 2017, 22:00 ET Share this article BASINGSTOKE, England, March 29, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- SCHAEFER GmbH, a global leader providing premium quality elevator components, is pleased with the 5700% faster performance delivered by its next generation IT infrastructure comprising Infortrend storage systems and Intel server boards. The SCHAEFER team is now able to process 20% more orders, with 85% less power consumption and 70% smaller system footprint demands. The outdated IT infrastructure was too complicated and costly to manage and sometimes made the SCHAEFER staff wait up to 30 minutes to proceed from one step to the next. To resolve these inefficiencies and migrate to Microsoft Hyper-V virtualization, SCHAEFER conducted extensive surveys and careful evaluations and selected Infortrend storage systems with SSDs for their excellent performance, simple management, and high availability. To their full satisfaction, SCHAEFER's new IT system was up and running in just two weeks, including the system deployment and configuration, data migration, and transition from VMware to Hyper-V 2016. Now, SCHAEFER's primary storage, an Infortrend all-flash system (EonStor DS 4024B with Intel SSDs), provides 13,000MB/s throughput performance for their critical applications, while the backup system, Infortrend EonStor DS 3048, supports high capacity storage with 48 bays for HDDs. "As a technology leader, we consciously selected an IT frontrunner. That's extremely important for us as our subsidiaries and offices, for example in Asia and North America, work in different time zones," said Michael Gubisch, CEO, SCHAEFER. "As IT forms the heart of our company, SCHAEFER can now work with greater speed, precision and efficiency. The new IT system also reduces our maintenance and operating costs without compromising our data security," added Joachim Pfeifer, Project Lead, SCHAEFER. "We opted for the installed Intel components and Infortrend storage systems because they enable us to offer our customers the latest server storage technology in a budget-optimized manner," said Alexander Fuchs at Next Generation Solutions, SCHAEFER's external partner supporting their IT related matters. Teddy Lin, General Manager of Infortrend Europe commented, "Infortrend is happy to play an important part in SCHAEFER's success and will strive to work with Intel or any other vendors to keep perfecting our solutions for customers." For more details about this success story, click here or watch the testimony video here. About SCHAEFER GmbH Founded in 1964, SCHAEFER GmbH is a global player and a leader with several decades of history in producing components for the lift industry. SCHAEFER is able to provide one-of-a-kind products to customers worldwide thanks to its own in-house research and development, technical and design activities that demand nothing but the highest quality in every detail of the process. For more information, please visit http://www.ws-schaefer.de About Infortrend Infortrend (TWSE: 2495) has been developing and manufacturing storage solutions since 1993. With a strong emphasis on in-house design, testing, and manufacturing, Infortrend storage delivers performance and scalability with the latest standards, user friendly data services, personal after-sales support, and unrivaled value. For more information, please visit www.infortrend.com Infortrend® and EonStor® are trademarks or registered trademarks of Infortrend Technology, Inc., other trademarks property of their respective owners. Infortrend Corporation David Morarity Tel: (408) 988-5729 E-mail: david.morarity@infortrend.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/schaefer-gmbh-built-5700-faster-it-infrastructure-with-infortrend-storage-systems-and-intel-servers-300428331.html SOURCE Infortrend Technology, Inc. Related Links http://www.infortrend.com Mar 29, 2017, 22:00 ET Preview: 5700% schneller - Die neue virtualisierte IT-Infrastruktur der SCHAEFER GmbH, dank Infortrends All-Flash-Speichersystemen und Intel Servern My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Mar 29, 2017, 22:00 ET5700% schneller - Die neue virtualisierte IT-Infrastruktur der... Mar 13, 2017, 22:00 ETInfortrend und Starline Computer präsentieren auf der CeBIT 2017... Explore More news releases in similar topics Internet Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Networks Contracts You just read: SCHAEFER GmbH Built 5700% Faster IT Infrastructure with Infortrend Storage Systems and Intel Servers News provided by Infortrend Technology, Inc. Mar 29, 2017, 22:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
LATEST SHOWS searchSearch Donate Subscribe Menu Menu Donate Subscribe close search MARKETPLACE SHOWS Shows Marketplace Helmed by Kai Ryssdal, our flagship program examines what the day in money delivered, through stories, conversations, newsworthy numbers and more. Morning Report Host David Brancaccio explores the latest on markets, money, jobs and innovation, providing the context you need to make smarter decisions. Tech Host Ben Johnson tackles the business behind the technology that's obsessing us and changing our lives. Weekend Host Lizzie O'Leary gives you a relaxed yet informative look at where the economy collides with real life. It's everything from the paycheck to the personal. Currently Featured Series Currently Featured Series NAFTA Explained An ongoing series that explores the trade agreement and how it affects business and life. Make Me Smart None of us is as smart as all of us. I've Always Wondered... Our series that's all about answering your questions. The Big Promise Our yearlong series on Erie County, Pennsylvania. TOPICS Topics Business Economy Sustainability World Tech Elections Health Care Education Life Wealth & Poverty Money Entertainment MUSIC AIR TIMES ABOUT US CONTACT Play Pause DownloadDownload EmbedEmbed Embed Code Copy Close Latest Stories Latest Shows Popular Now Mentioned on Air Podcasts Sponsor Marketplace TodayBecome a Corporate Sponsor ▧ Latest Stories View More ▧ Popular Now View More FACEBOOK Share on Facebook TWITTER Share on Twitter Share on Linkedin Share by email Tech Intel says Moore’s Law lives on By Molly Wood March 29, 2017 | 1:22 PM Listen to this story Download Embed Embed Code<iframe src="https://www.marketplace.org/2017/03/29/tech/intel-says-moores-law-lives/popout" frameborder="0" width="100%" height="240px"></iframe> Copy Close “I think the big impact of Moore's Law though is just that basic model of being able to double the capability every year or bring the cost down every year,” Stacy Smith of Intel says. - David Becker/Getty Images Listen To The Story Marketplace Downloaddownload Embedembed Embed Code<iframe src="https://www.marketplace.org/2017/03/29/tech/intel-says-moores-law-lives/popout" frameborder="0" width="100%" height="240px"></iframe> Copy Close It’s time for a little refresher on something called Moore's Law: More than half a century ago, Intel co-founder Gordon Moore predicted that, essentially, processor power would increase exponentially over time. Yes, it's more complicated than that. But for decades, the general principle has pretty much held true, leading to faster and cheaper computing power that enables supercomputers in our pockets, self-driving cars, smart refrigerators and more. But there's a popular belief these days that chip makers just won't be able to keep up with Moore's Law anymore. For more on Moore, Marketplace’s Molly Wood spoke with Stacy Smith, the executive vice president leading manufacturing, operations and sales for Intel. Below is an edited transcript of their conversation. Molly Wood: So you are in San Francisco, as I understand it, talking about, of all things, Moore's Law. I have heard rumors that Moore's Law may have been killed off, but you say not so fast. Stacy Smith: The rumors of Moore's Law's death stretch back 25 years. And what happens is the smart technologists figure out ways to continue to advance it and solve problems that, you know, they had supposed were insurmountable. And the beauty of that force is that it lets us bring down costs and bring more capable products to the marketplace year in, year out. Wood: And what has, for those who have not followed this story arc, what has Moore's Law playing out over time meant for Intel's business in particular as you keep building computer chips? Smith: Yeah, it's huge, it is. It's the economic law that really drives our business. And in fact it's ... huge for the industry and the economy at large. Specifically for us, what it means is that every generation we can bring out new capabilities that enable people to have new usage models like immersive virtual reality or to solve the big problems of the world by putting, you know, supercomputers to work on mapping the genome — those kinds of things. And we can do it at a lower cost and more capability. Wood: At what point does physics start to get in the way? I know that you've already had to cross what seemed like impassable barriers to keep making transistors smaller and more powerful. How long can it go on? Smith: Yeah, it's a great question. I was in the factories back in 1990, so 25 years ago, and that was the point at which the line that we were trying to scribe on a wafer for was more narrow than the wavelength of light. And we used something called lithography to do that, so it was actually, think of it as almost a photo process. And that was seen as an insurmountable technology barrier — there's just no way the industry could progress past the wavelength of light. And it wasn't even a speed bump. The reality is that the smart men and women that work in these factories and technology development, they find ways to use X-rays, they find ways to bend light by putting it through water. And they continue to solve these problems. Wood: What does this mean for the actual physical creation of these transistors? Like, are we talking about the tiniest robots building the tiniest chips? Smith: We have highly automated factories. I wouldn't say it's robots building chips. You know, each factory that we build has thousands of people. The work that they do is very different than what they used to do. It's moved from, you know, physically touching the wafer to being engineers to make sure that the equipment that's manufacturing the products is doing that with a high level of precision. I think the big impact of Moore's Law though is just that basic model of being able to double the capability every year or bring the cost down every year, or every two years, excuse me, is the fundamental driver.... I shared some — if I can digress — I shared some fun data that we had pulled up that said if other industries progressed at the same kind of doubling of capabilities every two years that Moore's Law had, and if you apply the same metric to something like gas mileage, it says you could drive to the sun from the earth on a single gallon of gas. You could drive that distance with a single gallon of gas. It's just a phenomenal driver of our business and the economy. Wood: It seems like every day we have some new vision [of the future], whether it's, you know, virtual reality, completely immersive virtual reality, self-driving cars, missions to Mars. How much of that actually depends on you being successful in extending the life of Moore's Law? Smith: Yeah. All of it. You know, if we stopped being able to advance the capabilities of computers, we would stop advancing our capability to solve some of these problems. I mean, it's as simple as that. Wood: Stacy Smith from Intel, thank you so much.   Follow Molly Wood at @mollywood.  Molly Wood Molly Wood is Marketplace's Senior Tech Correspondent and fill-in host.  Molly’s experience covering technology spans all media — print, online and broadcast. Before officially joining Marketplace in 2015, she was a tech columnist at The New York Times and a frequent... Read More Twitter: mollywood Related Articles Staying put in South L.A.Why Intel wants a piece of McAfee Intel denies sales tactics were illegalLASER CHIPS! FACEBOOK Share on Facebook TWITTER Share on Twitter Share on Linkedin Share by email Show Comments Subscribe to the  Marketplacenewsletter. Follow the Podcast support us Feuds and fault-lines loom in UK-EU showdown over Brexit Business World Life Tech Sustainability Education Wealth & Poverty Entertainment Money Access: Marketplace Apps Newsletters Podcasts Stations Contact Submissions Follow Us On: FACEBOOKfacebook TWITTERtwitter instagram ©  2017 Minnesota Public Radio. All Rights Reserved. About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Feedback
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Hot Research PM Intel Still Has Moore in Store The chip giant is driving Moore’s Law and margin expansion. It will also see solid growth in non-PC segments. March 29, 2017 1:20 p.m. ET Intel (Nasdaq: INTC) By JPMorgan ($35.60, March 29, 2017) We came away from Intel Technology and Manufacturing Day with a view that the company not only remains the process technology leader today, but is well-positioned to sustain its leadership at least over the next few years as the team continues driving Moore’s Law. With Intel... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Netflix Is Now Facing a Very Big Market Moment Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. J.C. Penney Stock Could Be in a Beauty of a Mess Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. What the Leading Sectors Tell Us About This Market Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Is Amazon Suddenly Worried About Profits? Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Byron Wien: Will ‘Anarchy’ in D.C. Undermine Stocks? Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 MBA Seekers Look to Canada 2 Tinder Makes Its International Move 3 For 10% Bond Returns, Look to Munis Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
All News | Boards | Chips | Devices | Software | LinuxDevices.com Archive | About | Contact | Subscribe Follow LinuxGizmos: (get email updates) Search LinuxGizmos: Search LinuxGizmos.com + LinuxDevices Archive: LinuxGizmos Sponsor ads: (advertise here) Top 10 trending posts… Raspberry Pi based computer offers Real-Time Ethernet Orange Pi SBCs offer a choice of 32- or 64-bit SoCs for under $20 Rugged, expandable touch panel PCs come in Skylake and Bay Trail flavors Ringing in 2017 with 90 hacker-friendly single board computers ARM boosts Big.Little with DynamIQ, and launches Linux dev kit Tiny, headless, GbE-equipped, quad Cortex-A53 SBC sells for $15 Stainless steel industrial PC has a Skylake Mini-ITX core FreeRTOS-based remote I/O module links to IBM Bluemix and Watson IoT IoT-oriented $7 Orange Pi Zero has both WiFi and Ethernet UP Core SBC is a smaller, wireless version of the Atom-based UP Follow LinuxGizmos or subscribe to our posts: Follow: Enter your email address to receive notifications of new posts: Email Address LinuxGizmos Sponsor ads: (advertise here) Rugged, expandable touch panel PCs come in Skylake and Bay Trail flavors Mar 29, 2017 — by Eric Brown — 92 views Aaeon’s two Linux-ready “OMNI” touch-panel computers run on Intel Skylake or Bay Trail chips, and offer a choice of touchscreens and 12 expansion modules. Aaeon launched the first in its line of modular, customizable OMNI Series Box Kit touchscreen panel-PCs with the Intel Bay Trail based OMNI-2155. The new OMNI-BT similarly runs Linux or Windows on a quad-core, up to 2.0GHz Celeron J1900 (10W TDP) or dual-core, up to 1.58GHz Celeron N2807 (4.5W TDP). OMNI-BT (left) and unnamed Skylake-based OMNI (click images to enlarge) There’s also a new Intel 6th Gen Core “Skylake” panel computer in Aaeon’s latest OMNI roll-out. This taller, unnamed model offers a choice of dual-core Core i5-6300U or Celeron 3955U CPUs with clock rates up to 2.4GHz and 2.0GHz, respectively. Both models are available with Windows 7, 8.1, or 10, as well as an old-school Linux Kernel 2.6.x or above. Both products feature the OMNI expansion interface, which appears to implement a set of signals equivalent to a pair of mini-PCIe slots. Users can easily swap out the brick-like modules via the plug-in OMNI interface on the back of the unit. Available modules include USB/COM/LAN, dual LAN, mini-PCIe/SIM, COM, isolated COM, DIO, CAN Bus, audio, HMS, and a module that combines 4x COM ports with 16x DIO signals. Aaeon claims there are 12 modules, so perhaps two more are on their way. While the OMNI-2155 shipped standard with a pre-integrated, 15.6-inch capacitive touchscreen, the two new devices offer a choice of 7x LCD sizes ranging from 10.4 to 21.5 inches. You can buy them with either capacitive (industrial PCAP) or resistive touchscreen. The Skylake-based system measures 183 x 182 x 45mm compared to 183 x 162 x 28mm for the Bay Trail model. The Skylake OMNI supports -20 to 55°C temperatures while the Bay Trail based OMNI-BT can operate at -10 to 55°C (J1900) or 60°C (N2807). Both ranges apply to use of HDDs with 0.5 m/s airflow. Wide temperature DRAM is optional. Both systems also provide vibration resistance to the tune of 1 Grms / 5~ 500Hz, with an HDD. The aluminum case is available with IP65 ingress resistance. The OMNI systems provide a 3-pin terminal block connection for 9 to 30 VDC input. OMNI-BT detail views (click images to enlarge) The Skylake computer supports up to 8GB of DDR4 RAM, while the OMNI-BT can load up to 8GB (J1900) or 4GB (N2807) of DDR3L 1333MHz. Both systems ship with 2.5-inch SATA HDD bays, and the OMNI-BT also offers a CFast slot. The Skylake system ships with 1x GbE ports while the OMNI-BT provides two. The Skylake device provides 4x USB 3.0 ports, whereas the OMNI-BT gives you one 3.0 port along with 3x USB 2.0 ports. Both systems provide an HDMI port, and the OMNI-BT also adds a VGA port. The Skylake system gives you dual RS-232/422/485 ports while the OMNI-BT offers one. Other features include SMA antenna holes, LEDs, and power and remote power buttons. Wall, VESA, and desktop mounting options are available.   Further information No pricing or availability information was provided for the new OMNI Series Box Kit systems, but the OMNI-BT appears to be ready for order if not shipment. The Skylake-based OMNI, which is not listed under Ordering Information, appears to be farther off. More information may be found on Aaeon’s OMNI Series Box Kit product page.   Related posts: Rugged panel-PC runs Linux, offers piggy-back add-ons Rugged 10.1-inch panel PC has quad-core CPU, dual GbE Compact, rugged box-PC has four GbE ports, runs Linux Rugged, fanless Skylake box-PC has triple GbE and dual HDMI 3.5-inch SBC features Intel Skylake CPUs, dual GbE, dual… Rugged, expandable embedded PC runs Linux on Skylake SoCs Rugged embedded box gets tough with Kaby Lake Compact, rugged Skylake computer-on-module is big on PCIe Rugged box-PC runs Linux on quad-core Bay Trail Celeron Linux-friendly Celeron based 3.5-inch SBC has four GbE ports (advertise here) PLEASE COMMENT BELOW Please comment here... Cancel reply (advertise here) The content on this site is copyright © 2007-2017 Rick Lehrbaum unless otherwise noted. Comments are the property of their submitters. Content originally published on LinuxDevices is Copyright © 1999-2017 QuinStreet Inc. and is reproduced here under license from its owner. LinuxGizmos is part of the DeviceGuru Blog Network. Linux is a registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Contact us | Privacy policy | Terms of use | About us | RSS feed
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Intel’s new tech makes hard drives feel as fast as an SSD Chris Smith BGR NewsMarch 28, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Intel last week released an SSD that’s faster and more durable than its rivals. The best thing about the Optane DC P4800X drive is that it also works as RAM memory. That’s right, Optane drives may deliver cover RAM and SSD duties in the future. I say in the future because this first Optane product isn’t aimed at the consumer market. Instead, it’ll be used in servers for the time being. However, Intel has now announced a second Optane-branded product, the Intel Optane Memory, which targets regular computer users and should offer you a computing experience as fast as an SSD even on a system that still uses regular HDD spinning drives. Don't Miss: Galaxy S8: Specs, release info, and everything else we know right now Even though SSDs will significantly speed up computers, they’re considerably more expensive than good old HDDs. But the Intel Optane Memory SSD is a product that’ll speed up systems that still use a mechanical hard drive as the primary storage. The Optane Memory is an M.2 NVMe SSD, AnandTech explains, that will be used as a cache drive inside your computer. It comes in 16GB and 32GB capacities, which means it’s not made for regular storage purposes. Instead, Intel designed the drive to be used only for caching, with the help of its Rapid Storage Technology drivers. Optane Memory caching is only supported on Windows 10 64-bit and only for the boot volume, the report explains. Furthermore, you’ll need a Kaby Lake generation 200-series motherboard and Kaby Lake processors to make it all work. Furthermore, the drive might not be too power-efficient for use in a laptop for the time being. If you’re thinking about combining Intel’s Optane Memory with an SSD drive to further speed up your system, don’t get too excited. It’s likely you won’t notice any performance improvements. In spite of these “limitations,” the Optane Memory is a relatively cheap upgrade for desktop users who want a faster OS experience but also plenty of HDD storage. The product retails for $44 (16GB) or $77 (32GB) and is available for preorder right now with an April 24 ship date. More technical details about Intel’s Optane Memory are available over at Intel and AnandTech. Trending right now: Galaxy S8: Specs, release info, and everything else we know right now iPhone 8 and iPhone 7s specs and features listed in new report Hidden changes in iOS 10.3 will give your iPhone a speed boost See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next This is not a drill: Nintendo Switch and NES Classic will be in stock today at Best Buy BGR News Completely insane architects are planning to hang a skyscraper from an asteroid BGR News Go get these crazy MacBook deals while you can BGR News
Education NewsSports News | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Elections 2017 More... MultimediaScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Reclaiming safe public spaces 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Industry Last Modified: Thu, Mar 30 2017. 04 06 AM IST Smart cars: changing lanes With increasing connectivity, smartphone integration, sensors and radars for assistance, auto-braking and blind spot detection becoming the norm these days, it seems safe self-driving cars will become a reality soon Subscribe to our newsletter. Vishal Mathur Autonomous vehicle software start-up nuTonomy has been testing self-driving taxis in Singapore. Photo: Bloomberg New Delhi: Chances are, you are already visualizing a self-driving Uber dropping you home after you’ve had one drink too many at a party on a Friday night. With increasing connectivity on the move, integration with your smartphone and smartwatch, sensors and radars for assistance and safety features such as auto-braking and blind spot detection, that dream may soon come true. “Self-driving vehicles are developing at a rapid pace and such technological advancements can help us reach our destination faster and safer. They will also help us reduce emissions and protect the environment,” said Violeta Bulc, a Slovenian entrepreneur and European Commissioner for Transport, while announcing the European Union’s initiatives around smart and green mobility in 2016. Chipmaker Intel Corp. is focusing on data, telematics and hardware for smart cars, and is already powering infotainment systems in cars made by Hyundai Motor Co., Kia Motors Corp. and Infiniti Motor Co. Ltd. “Cars are rapidly becoming some of the world’s most intelligent connected devices, using sensor technology and powerful processors to sense and continuously respond to their surroundings,” said Brian Krzanich, CEO, Intel, ahead of the Fortune Brainstorm Tech Conference in July 2016. Smartphones driving smart car evolution Smartphones are the very foundation of this change. Research firm Gartner Inc. forecasts that by the year 2020, more than 250 million cars will have Internet access. “Cars are increasingly taking place of a second home and we believe that customers are progressing rapidly,” says Guillaume Sicard, president, Nissan India operations. It is no surprise that tech giants Apple Inc. and Google Inc. are investing heavily in the CarPlay and Android Auto platforms, respectively. By connecting your smartphone to the car infotainment system and with voice commands, you can make and receive calls, have messages read out to you, and get access to your music library and navigation. Maruti Suzuki India Ltd was among the first carmakers in India to offer the Apple CarPlay feature, in cars including the Ciaz sedan and the Baleno hatchback. “The major risk associated with Apple CarPlay was the acceptability of the feature by Indian car consumers. However, the initial response has been very encouraging and consumers are valuing this feature a lot,” says C.V. Raman, executive director, engineering, Maruti Suzuki. But Maruti Suzuki wasn’t really the first mover in India. American carmaker Ford Motor Co. had developed smart in-car systems, along with BlackBerry Ltd and Microsoft Corp. much earlier and the Indian market got its first taste of the Sync platform in 2013 in the EcoSport crossover, which featured voice commands to control phone and music, and emergency assistance which, in the case of an accident, activates the airbags, shuts off the fuel pump and makes a distress call to the helpline number. Sync has since been updated, and now supports third-party apps as well. Indian carmaker Mahindra and Mahindra Ltd allows users of the XUV500, TUV300, TUV100 and Scorpio vehicles to connect to their car using a free app called Blue Sense (Android and iOS), and users can control the air-conditioning and audio functions, and also monitor real-time vehicle information, including tyre pressure, fuel economy and more. Assisting the driver Smartness is not just about the smartphone and Internet-driven features for your car. “Globally, we are investing in autonomous drive, electric vehicles, and connected mobility solutions, three forces which are going to change our industry, and our world,” says Nissan India’s Sicard. One of the primary tenets of this smartness is to assist the driver, making the sometimes perilous activity of driving simpler and safer through advanced driver assistance systems (ADAS). These include radar-based adaptive cruise control, forward collision warning and autonomous emergency braking. Car buyers in India are still behind the curve when it comes to the newer technology. Regulations, economics and prevailing infrastructure dictate what car makers can and cannot do in India. Ford Motor, in the US for example, sells the Escape SUV ($23,600 onwards; Rs15.8 lakh approx.) with technology that can alert the driver in case of an unintentional lane drift, if there is another vehicle in your blind spot zone and also auto-manoeuvre you in and out of a tight parking spot. The new Endeavour SUV in India (Rs23.78 lakh onwards) offers only the semi-auto parking assist feature at present. Unfortunately, unique conditions dictate the relevance of some of these features. Says Maruti Suzuki’s Raman, “Bumper-to-bumper traffic is very common in metros, driving habits are a little unusual and there can be abrupt intervention by pedestrians, bicycles, motorbikes or even cars and there are infrastructure concerns for detecting unregulated overhanging hoardings, signs on roads and the radar’s own field of vision.” However, things are slowly changing. “The government’s opening up of radar frequency earlier this year shall see more such features in cars. This is just a start and a step-by-step approach needs to be taken for a long-term benefit,” says Tom von Bonsdorff, managing director, Volvo Auto India. The company’s S90 luxury sedan has semi-autonomous features, which includes Lane Keeping Aid—there is a digital camera in the car which keeps an eye on the lane markers and if the driver does not provide steering input to correct a drift, the steering automatically corrects itself to keep the car within the lane. The government, on its part, is making basic safety features mandatory in all cars from October 2017. Carmakers will have to provide airbags, vehicle reverse sensors, speed-warning systems and seatbelt reminder systems as standard features from October 2017, according to a draft notification issued on 9 November by the ministry of road transport and highways. Me time Self-driving and semi-autonomous cars, just as ADAS features, rely on multiple radars, LIDAR (laser imaging detection and ranging), various sensors, smart algorithms and powerful processors to find their way from point A to point B. The processing speeds are already mind-numbingly fast, with no room for even the slightest error. The prospect of a self-driven Uber taking you to office every day is a reality that is being constructed rapidly. “It’s still very early. Self-driving Ubers have a safety driver in the front seat because they require human intervention in many conditions, including bad weather. In many cities these will be very hard problems to solve, so there will be some time before we see this technology everywhere,” said an Uber spokesperson. The company’s self-driving car trials in Pittsburgh, US, involve automaker Volvo. An autonomous vehicle software start-up, nuTonomy, is testing self-driving taxis in Singapore. It started off with six cars, and the fleet is soon expected to double. Moreover, by the year 2020, almost all major car makers, including Audi AG, Bayerische Motoren Werke AG, Daimler AG, Ford, General Motors Co., Kia, Nissan Motor Co., Ltd, Renault SA, Tesla Inc. and Toyota Motor Corp., are likely to be selling vehicles that can at least partly drive themselves. To ensure that autonomous vehicles have a smooth ride, the vehicle-to-vehicle as well as vehicle-to-infrastructure communication with smart road networks, roadside sensors and smart signal systems will prove critical . For example, such infrastructure has allowed Google to do driverless car tests in the US, Volvo in Gothenburg, Sweden, and Volkswagen AG in Braunschweig, Germany. Bonsdorff concludes: “One important factor is to create and develop laws and traffic regulations on self-drive. Till now, India does not have these. Also, car insurance companies need to include driverless cars into their coverage.” India’s policy makers will do well to listen to this. Vishal Mathur Topics: smart cars self-driving vehicles Uber nuTonomy Audi More From Livemint READ MORE Raimund Genes, Trend Micro CTO and EmTech India keynote speaker, dies at 54 Samsung Galaxy S8: Any more wow factor than Google Pixel XL? People’s Bank of China raises money rates twice this year First Published: Thu, Mar 30 2017. 04 06 AM IST Editor's Picks GST: The final countdown begins All GST bills passed in Lok Sabha for uniform taxation across India Why Sebi’s silence in the NSE case is dangerous Latest News Samsung Galaxy S8: Any more wow factor than Google Pixel XL? People’s Bank of China raises money rates twice this year Theresa May’s opening Brexit bid to tie security to trade hits wall Proportion of women directors up 180%, but gender diversity lags in India: Survey Global gold prices fall on stronger dollar Mint On Sunday When songs from rural grind mills make it online Musings from the IISc Open Day: Bringing science to the masses How to get rich like Warren Buffett Secrets from the highest-grossing restaurant in New York Letter from... a biennale TOP GAINERSTOP MUTUAL FUNDSMOST ACTIVE VALUE AND VOLUME Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Elections 2017 Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
skip to main content Buffalo's NPR News Station Site Menu Donate Menu Home News Local Arts/Culture Business Canadian Affairs Crime Environment Education Great Lakes Today Health Heritage Moments Investigative Post National/International Politics Science/Technology Sports WBFO News Desks WBFO Arts & Culture Desk WBFO Business Desk WBFO Education Reporting WBFO Health & Wellness Desk Schedule Programs Staff Corporate Sponsorship Search WBFO WBFO Classical 94.5 WNED JazzWorks Menu Home News Local Arts/Culture Business Canadian Affairs Crime Environment Education Great Lakes Today Health Heritage Moments Investigative Post National/International Politics Science/Technology Sports WBFO News Desks WBFO Arts & Culture Desk WBFO Business Desk WBFO Education Reporting WBFO Health & Wellness Desk Schedule Programs Staff Corporate Sponsorship Search Related Program:  Marketplace Intel says Moore’s Law lives on By Molly Wood • 17 hours ago Related Program:  Marketplace TweetShareGoogle+Email “I think the big impact of Moore's Law though is just that basic model of being able to double the capability every year or bring the cost down every year,” Stacy Smith of Intel says. Molly Wood TweetShareGoogle+Email View the discussion thread. © 2017 WBFO Contact Us EEO Public File The Public and Broadcasting Diversity & Inclusion Initiative Corporate Sponsor
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK Technology Lab — Intel is keeping Moore’s Law alive by making bigger improvements less often And the company wants to change how process nodes are named. Peter Bright - Mar 29, 2017 10:11 pm UTC Gordon Moore's original graph, showing projected transistor counts, long before the term "Moore's law" was coined. Moore's original observation was that transistor density doubled every year; in 1975, this was revised to doubling every two years. Intel reader comments 41 Share this story Intel took half a day this week to talk about processor manufacturing technology. The company still believes in Moore's Law and says the principle will continue to guide and shape the microchip industry. But the way the law works is changing. The company also wants to change how people talk about manufacturing processes, because current terminology—wherein the node size is used to characterize a particular process—no longer serves as a good guide to how many transistors can be packed into a chip. Moore's Law—the observation by Intel co-founder Gordon Moore that the number of transistors in an integrated circuit would double every two years, and correspondingly, the cost per transistor would halve over the same time frame—guided microchip manufacturing for around three decades. During that period, process node shrinks, each one bringing a doubling of the number of transistors by making everything 0.7 times smaller, were all it took to fulfill Moore's Law. Backed by this easy scaling, computer performance increased at a rate unrivaled by any other human technological innovation. This scaling started to falter in the 2000s when it became increasingly difficult to shrink integrated circuits simply by switching to a smaller process node. But this didn't bring about an end to Moore's Law; instead, the industry used additional techniques, such as strained silicon, high-κ metal gates, and FinFETs. The doubling of transistor density or halving of transistor cost continued to take place every two or so years. Intel's most recent process shrinks, however, have taken an extended period. The company introduced 14nm in September 2014 with the Broadwell processor. Its latest Kaby Lake processors are still built on a 14nm process, and although 10nm processors are due to ship this year, a fourth generation of 14nm chips, Coffee Lake, is also planned. Enlarge Intel On the face of it, three years between process shrinks, rather than the traditional two years, would appear to end Moore's Law. But Intel claims that's not so. The company says that the 14nm and 10nm process shrinks in particular more than doubled the transistor density. At 10nm, for example, the company names a couple of techniques that are enabling this "hyperscaling." Each logic cell (an arrangement of transistors to form a specific logic gate, such as a NAND gate or a flip flop) is surrounded by dummy gates: spacers to isolate one cell from its neighbor. Traditionally, two dummy gates have been used at the boundary of each cell; at 10nm, Intel is reducing this to a single dummy gate, thereby reducing the space occupied by each cell and allowing them to be packed more tightly. Each gate has a number of contacts used to join them to the metal layers of the chip. Traditionally, the contact was offset from the gate. At 10nm, Intel is stacking the contacts on top of the gates, which it calls "contact over active gate." Again, this reduces the space each gate takes, increasing the transistor density. Enlarge Intel These additional features, Intel says, make up for the increased time between process shrinks. So while the company might only manage two process in the five and a half years following the introduction of 22nm (rather than the traditional almost three), Intel says it will still achieve about a seven-fold improvement in transistor density. It's this hyperscaling that's making the company unhappy with using process node as a proxy for transistor density. Simply put, Intel's 14nm process offers denser transistors and smaller cells than the 14nm and 16nm processes of its competitors GlobalFoundries, TSMC, and Samsung. Qualcomm is using Samsung's 10nm process for its new Snapdragon 835, and this is set to be the first commercial microprocessor on the market built using a 10nm process. But in terms of actual transistor density, the 10nm Samsung process is comparable to Intel's nearly three-year-old 14nm process. When Intel ships its own 10nm processors later this year, it will again leapfrog the competition. Accordingly, Intel wants to describe processes in terms of millions of logic transistors per square millimeter, calculated using a 3:2 mix of NAND cells and scan flip flop cells. Using this metric, the company's 22nm process managed 15.3 megatransistors per millimeter squared (MTr/mm2). The current 14nm process is 37.5MTr/mm2, and at 10nm, the company will hit 100.8MTr/mm2. Competing 14nm/16nm processes only offer around 28MTr/mm2, and Intel estimates that competing 10nm processes will come in at around 50MTr/mm2. Enlarge Intel Of course, Intel's competitors, who enjoy the prestige that comes from shipping "10nm" chips ahead of Intel, are unlikely to switch to this metric any time soon. Peter Bright Peter is Technology Editor at Ars. He covers Microsoft, programming and software development, Web technology and browsers, and security. He is based in Brooklyn, NY. Email peter.bright@arstechnica.com // Twitter @drpizza reader comments 41 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump ObamaCare Neil Gorsuch Just In... North Carolina leaders reach deal to repeal transgender bathroom law State Watch — 2h 56m ago Federal judge extends order blocking Trump's revised travel ban Blog Briefing Room — 3h 28m ago Kelly: DHS won't separate families crossing border Administration — 3h 38m ago State Dept. to remove human rights conditions of Bahrain jet deal: report Administration — 4h 4m ago Wasserman Schultz to Sanders: Dems are already a grassroots party News — 4h 40m ago Comey: FBI is 'not on anybody's side' News — 4h 53m ago Obama WH ethics lawyer: Ivanka's job is nepotism Blog Briefing Room — 5h 9m ago White House extends Obama executive order on cyber threats Cybersecurity — 5h 25m ago view all   Budowsky: Putin’s KGB super PAC By Brent Budowsky - 03/29/17 05:51 PM EDT 32   © Getty Images Sen. Mark WarnerMark WarnerOvernight Cybersecurity: Senators tout progress on Russia probe | Trump pressed to secure critical infrastructure | House beefs up cellphone security Dem: House intel feud an 'embarrassment' Overnight Finance: Dems seek probe of acting SEC chief | Defense hawks say they won't back short-term funding | Senate seen as start point for Trump infrastructure plan | Dems want more money for IRS MORE (D-Va.), vice chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee who is widely respected by leaders of both parties, has stated that the committee’s investigation of Russian attacks against American democracy is the most important work of his lifetime. By contrast Rep. Devin Nunes (R-Calif.), chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, acts like a rogue chairman, holding clandestine meetings at the White House and refusing to inform Democrats and congressional leaders of critical information. He is destroying the credibility and integrity of the committee, subverting and obstructing one of the most important investigations in the history of the republic and should be removed as chairman. ADVERTISEMENT There is no issue more important to protecting the sanctity of American and European democracy, the security of the American and European people, and the stability of the free world, than exposing and defeating the Russian attack against democratic elections. Russian dictator Vladimir Putin, whose opponents periodically die under suspicious circumstances and whose citizens are beaten and imprisoned if they attend protest rallies, has been executing a new form of warfare against America and Western democracy designed to attack political leaders he despises and elect political candidates he supports. Putin’s war strategy seeks to put in power those he considers friends of Russia from the White House in Washington to the Elysee Palace in France, without the need to militarily invade the nations he targets. Make no mistake, Putin is pursuing a war strategy against American and Western democracy  based on the publicly stated military and strategic doctrine invented by Russian General Valery Gerasimov, one of the leading generals in the Russian military and closest confidants to Putin. The Gerasimov doctrine is that in the modern world wars can be won by combining traditional tactics of military power and espionage with new-style tactics of cyberwar, infowar, cultural warfare and diplomatic penetration all directed towards a single overpowering purpose. In America this doctrine was powerfully applied for the purpose of electing Donald TrumpDonald TrumpFederal judge extends order blocking Trump's revised travel ban Texas Dem targets Sen. Ted Cruz in 2018 Budowsky: Putin’s KGB super PAC MORE as president. In Germany it is applied for the purpose of destroying German Chancellor Angela Merkel. In France it is applied for the purpose of electing far right extremist Marine Le Pen, the candidate of the National Front party whose election could destroy the European Union and deal a powerful blow to NATO, as France’s next president. Warner’s integrity and clarity about the magnitude of the danger and the enormity of the subject will someday be applauded by historians. Nunes, and Republican leaders who enable and empower the damage his behavior does to the credibility of his committee and the vital investigation he disrupts, will be widely condemned by the high court of history for their actions we witness in real time today. In intelligence and security terms, Putin’s war against democracy poses a grave danger to our security. In political terms, the daily revelations of previously undisclosed contacts between Russian intelligence agents and sources and numerous Trump campaign and administration officials threatens to engulf and overwhelm the Trump presidency. Operationally the Putin war plan has created the functional equivalent of a KGB super PAC employing an army of Russian military and intelligence personnel, exploiting the tactics of the old KGB that Putin served, generating billions of dollars of media coverage for negative attacks against Hillary ClintonHillary Rodham ClintonWasserman Schultz to Sanders: Dems are already a grassroots party Comey: FBI is 'not on anybody's side' White House extends Obama executive order on cyber threats MORE in 2016, spreading fake news against opponents through new media and social media, and seeking material for blackmail against whichever candidates win the elections Putin attempted to fix. From the Democratic National Convention until Election Day in 2016 all American media was inundated and saturated day after day, month after month, by Russian-generated negative attacks and fake news from WikiLeaks and other sources. When the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee coordinates with the White House rather than honorably investigating whether any Americans coordinated with Russian espionage against America, it is time to save the committee, change its chairman and protect the nation. Budowsky was an aide to former Sen. Lloyd Bentsen (D-Texas) and Rep. Bill Alexander (D-Ark.), then-chief deputy majority whip of the House. He holds an LL.M. in international financial law from the London School of Economics. He can be read on The Hill’s Contributors blog and reached at brentbbi@webtv.net. The views expressed by this author are their own and are not the views of The Hill. Tags Hillary Clinton Donald Trump Mark Warner   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 How North Korea could kill 90... OPINION | They could deliver a 30 kiloton weapon by land, sea or air, and... 537 Shares 2 Report: Bush called Trump's... Former President George W. Bush reportedly reacted to President Trump's... 245 Shares 3 Senators vow cooperation on Russia... Seven staff members have been allocated to the investigation, chairman... 219 Shares 4 House votes to restrict EPA’s use... The House voted Wednesday to restrict the kind of scientific studies and... 198 Shares 5 Trump's approval rating sinks to... President Trump's job approval rating hit a new low of 35 percent on... 122 Shares 6 FBI Director Comey sought to... FBI Director James Comey sought to publish an op-ed as early as last... 119 Shares 7 Obama WH ethics lawyer: Ivanka's... Former White House ethics lawyer to President Obama Norman Eisen said... 88 Shares 8 NY Times fires back at Trump: 'We... "We stand by our coverage," the newspaper's PR team tweeted. 69 Shares 9 House passes bill undoing Obama... The measure now heads to President Trump's desk.  68 Shares 10 Comey: FBI is 'not on anybody's... FBI Director James Comey on Wednesday said the last year has been easy for... 67 Shares 11 State employee charged in FBI probe A State Department employee pleaded not guilty in court on Wednesday after... 65 Shares 12 How Obama's White House weaponized... OPINION | "At stake is a core principle of our democracy: that elected... 65 Shares 13 Trump not concerned about Mar-a-... President Trump isn't concerned about the rising costs associated with his... 58 Shares 14 North Carolina leaders reach deal... A year-long debate over transgender access to public bathroom and locker... 54 Shares 15 Ivanka Trump will have an official... President Trump’s daughter Ivanka Trump will be an official government... 54 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
null
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. Intel's Got a Plan to Dominate VR. First Stop? March Madness subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER Future of Mobility Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 9 hours “When I found out there was an actual anarchist revolution happening in Syria, I felt, ‘I have to do that.’" bit.ly/2ozDC1b Follow Advertisement. Slide: 1 / of 2. Caption: Intel Slide: 2 / of 2. Caption: Intel Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: Paul Sarconi. Paul Sarconi Gear Date of Publication: 03.29.17. 03.29.17 Time of Publication: 12:30 pm. 12:30 pm Intel’s Got a Plan to Dominate VR. First Stop? March Madness Intel The Final Four plays out in Arizona this weekend, but there’s a way you can drop yourself into the middle of the action without leaving your couch. It’s cheaper than an airplane ticket and a hotel room too, and you’re guaranteed a fantastic seat. All you need is a VR headset. Intel has been live-streaming games from the NCAA Basketball tournament on its TrueVR platform since the start of the Sweet 16 round. This represents the first major undertaking in sports and virtual reality for the chipmaker, and Intel is all-in: it was recently named as the official VR provider of college sports for NCAA, Turner Sports, and CBS Sports. The company will have seven VR camera arrays in the stadium this weekend for the Final Four games. Each rig utilizes 12 cameras to broadcast a spherical view of the action. The images are synced up before the game starts, corrected for color consistency, and stitched in real time using TrueVR’s processing software. The stream is pushed out through the March Madness Live VR app. You can watch the games using a Samsung Gear VR headset and any of the phones it works with. Be Here Now When you think about innovators in sports media, Intel probably isn’t the first name that comes to mind. The company has already dabbled a bit in camera tech for sports—its 360-degree replay technology was shown off at the Super Bowl—but the chipmaker is an unlikely leader in live broadcasting. The turning point came late last year, when Intel debuted Project Alloy, its wearable system for experiencing augmented, virtual, and mixed reality content. While Project Alloy isn’t being used in VR sports broadcasts, it’s the frontline of Intel’s research in the field. Through Alloy, Intel is learning how the next wave of VR will be made and experienced. The Alloy team has been working since 2011 to solve almost every major hardware problem VR manufacturers are dealing with right now. The headset is tetherless, removing VR’s biggest pain point. Also, Project Alloy has inside-out positional tracking—sensors are in the headset, so tracking beacons don’t need to be placed around a room to determine the viewer’s whereabouts. Finally, it doesn’t require a controller to interact with the virtual environment. While wearing Alloy, you interact with cyberspace using your hands, which show up in front of you in the VR image. The visual aspect is rough and somewhat glitchy, but it works. My hands looked like my hands, and I could even recognize my wristwatch. Achin Bhowmik of the Intel’s perceptual computing group and the leader of the Project Alloy team gets a sparkle in his eye when we talk about the hands. He says this is one of the features he’s most excited about. “In psychology there is a term called proprioceptive cue,” Bhowmik says. “That means, when I look at my own limb, I just expect it to be there in the way that I know it. If it is not there, or it looks different, subconsciously you get nervous. It’s one of the reasons why people get nervous in a VR environment.” Intel Intel isn’t going to sell the Project Alloy headset itself, but instead will team up with hardware partners to bring it to market. Developers will also be enlisted to make mixed-reality content for Alloy that shows off the headset’s unique features. The system will run pre-existing VR content, but it’s telling that Bhowmike refers to Alloy as a “VR-Plus” device. Alley-Oop Contrasted with the tech-packed Alloy, the mobile-first TrueVR platform seems like anomaly for a processor giant like Intel. But it still has some of the company’s DNA—just like any hardware manufacturer can build a machine around an Intel chip, TrueVR is an end-to-end system any sports network could use to package highlights and full game livestreams in VR. “With March Madness, it’s the March Madness live VR experience,” says David Aufhauser, managing director of product for the Intel Sports Group. “It’s not Intel, it’s not Voke (TrueVR’s old name). We have our own consumer, but really our platform is built to enable any media company or any content company to be able to create experiences for their audiences.” Front-Row Seat Whether or not that content sells remains to be seen, but TrueVR is betting it does. People who want to watch the games will be offered two tiers of tickets. A gold ticket costs $3, features VR-specific broadcasters, and gives you control over which camera location you’re watching from. A silver ticket costs $2, and it stations you at one courtside camera and pipes in commentary from the regular television broadcasters. It will be a good test for others in the live VR sports business, such as NextVR, which doesn’t charge extra for VR experiences. Finding the right price will take time—which is good, because TrueVR still has to work out some bugs. There are visible parallax issues when players walk across the stitching seams between cameras, and the cameras are still being tweaked to find the optimal angles. However, the biggest problem TrueVR faces is the length of the average game. I couldn’t spend two hours in a headset watching a full game, and it was more enjoyable to just watch replays. For all those flaws, watching TrueVR’s feed feels like magic—mostly because you get to see things you can’t see on TV. Take the bench reaction when West Virginia lost to Gonzaga. An assistant coach threw his rolled up paper and a chair was kicked over. It proved that at the very least, TrueVR tells the full story of March Madness. Update, Wednesday March 29: An earlier version of this article misidentified David Aufhauser’s title. His title has been updated to correct the error. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. basketball March Madness NCAA Sports VR Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Comment Email Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Comment Email Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Most Popular Wanna Protect Your Online Privacy? Open a Tab and Make Some Noise Privacy Wanna Protect Your Online Privacy? Open a Tab and Make Some Noise Emily Dreyfuss How an Anarchist Bitcoin Coder Found Himself Fighting ISIS in Syria Security How an Anarchist Bitcoin Coder Found Himself Fighting ISIS in Syria Andy Greenberg Samsung’s Sweet Galaxy S8 Will Make You Forget All About the Note 7 Phones Samsung’s Sweet Galaxy S8 Will Make You Forget All About the Note 7 Tim Moynihan Famed Hacker Kevin Mitnick Shows You How to Go Invisible Online Security Famed Hacker Kevin Mitnick Shows You How to Go Invisible Online Kevin Mitnick VPNs Won’t Save You from Congress’ Internet Privacy Giveaway Privacy VPNs Won’t Save You from Congress’ Internet Privacy Giveaway Klint Finley With the First Trailer for It, Stephen King Reclaims the ’80s Movies With the First Trailer for It, Stephen King Reclaims the ’80s Brian Raftery A Plan to Save Blockchain Democracy From Bitcoin’s Civil War Bitcoin A Plan to Save Blockchain Democracy From Bitcoin’s Civil War Cade Metz Everything, a Must-Play Game Like Nothing You’ve Seen Before Gaming Everything, a Must-Play Game Like Nothing You’ve Seen Before Julie Muncy More Stories Skip Comments. Skip to: Footer. View comments Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Gear gadgets Gear VR Just Took a Huge Leap Forward (Thanks to Oculus) Tim Moynihan Phones Samsung’s Sweet Galaxy S8 Will Make You Forget All About the Note 7 Tim Moynihan podcast How to Film at 40 Below Without Killing Your Camera—or Yourself personal tech You’ve Never Seen a Bluetooth Speaker Cuter Than the UE Wonderboom Michael Calore social media Facebook Camera Means Snapping Is Officially the Future David Pierce Privacy Wanna Protect Your Online Privacy? Open a Tab and Make Some Noise Emily Dreyfuss We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 9 hours “When I found out there was an actual anarchist revolution happening in Syria, I felt, ‘I have to do that.’" bit.ly/2ozDC1b Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 9 hours “When I found out there was an actual anarchist revolution happening in Syria, I felt, ‘I have to do that.’" bit.ly/2ozDC1b Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Super Micro Looks to Server Design in Quest to Save Client Space Bloomberg News March 28, 2017, 10:02 PM EDT About a third of workers at server maker are engineers Company works closely with Intel when new chips released Density matters to Super Micro Computer Inc. Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology. Sign Up To meet customer demands to take up less space, the maker of servers is reducing the number of cables inside its products, their structure revamped to make room for more processing power and memory. That’s putting the focus on improving designs for the computers that run networks, as the San Jose, California-based company seeks to boost performance, without making the package bulkier, to win clients from Dell Inc. to Lenovo Group Ltd. Charles Liang Source: Super Micro Computer Inc. “All tier one companies are about design,” Chief Executive Officer Charles Liang said in an interview. “You will find our density 50 percent higher. We save customers lots of space.” Fewer cables also brings better air flow. That, combined with shared adapters and fans, results in less power waste. Liang said more than half of Super Micro’s servers meet the highest levels of power efficiency in the market. Super Micro’s relationship with Apple Inc. has attracted more attention recently. Apple cut ties with the company due to security concerns with its servers, the Information reported last month. Liang said no “valid security concern” had been found. But with another technology giant, Super Micro has forged a strong connection. Intel Corp., its main supplier of processors, recently installed more than 36,000 high-density units in its data center in Silicon Valley. The relationship gives Super Micro a preview of Intel’s new chips. Super Micro Chief Financial Officer Howard Hideshima told analysts in January that when Intel launches a new product, its engineers work alongside a Super Micro crew, giving the latter an edge in preparing its next servers. “Intel obviously has the best CPU, chipset and networking technology,” Liang said. “Super Micro has the expertise to design hardware for whatever computer systems. I feel we’re pretty lucky indeed.” Shares of Super Micro have slumped 11 percent this year, partly on the reports of security issues. Of the seven analysts covering the stock, five recommend buying and the other two have hold ratings. "All server companies work around Intel, and Super Micro holds a close position to it," said Thomas Zhou, an analyst at research firm IDC. "That can help and limit its product line at the same time." Production line at Super Micro. Source: Super Micro Computer Inc. Liang founded Super Micro 24 years ago, mainly to sell a much simpler product: motherboards, the main circuit board that sits at the heart of most personal computers. It now does assembly at eight plants worldwide. About a third of the company’s 3,000 employees are engineers, responsible for everything from motherboards to chassis and power supply. At its factory near Taipei’s main international airport, workers were busy putting together servers that were no bigger than a PC to those large enough to fill an elevator. The plant produces 10,000 servers a month, contributing to Super Micro’s shipment of 1.6 million units a year. Liang said that number, which includes bare-bones units, would lift it into position as the No. 3 server maker globally.  “We grow at a much faster pace than our industry overall,” Liang said. “The goal is to grow market share.” — With assistance by Fan Wenxin Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Jeff Bezos Is Now the World's Second Richest Person Soros-Funded University Pledges to Fight Hungarian Crackdown Oil Traders Warn There's a Supply Crunch Looming Samsung's Sleek S8 Has Curved Screen, Facial Recognition Sweden Warned Not to Return to High-Tax 70s Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Investors' Soapbox PM Four Chip Picks as Earnings Improve Top picks include Broadcom, Microchip Technology, KLA-Tencor and Intel. Oct. 13, 2016 2:57 p.m. ET Credit Suisse In the calendar second quarter we argued “Not Down Is the New Up.” In the calendar third quarter, “Up Is the New Up.” Despite the calendar third- and fourth-quarter estimates that are above-seasonal, we expect semiconductors to report in line with upside bias, especially semiconductors levered to PCs/Apple (ticker: AAPL): 1) excluding-Apple semiconductor revenue estimates are about in line with seasonal; 2)... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Netflix Is Now Facing a Very Big Market Moment Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. J.C. Penney Stock Could Be in a Beauty of a Mess Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. What the Leading Sectors Tell Us About This Market Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Is Amazon Suddenly Worried About Profits? Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Byron Wien: Will ‘Anarchy’ in D.C. Undermine Stocks? Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 MBA Seekers Look to Canada 2 Tinder Makes Its International Move 3 For 10% Bond Returns, Look to Munis Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica Gear & Gadgets — Surface Book with Performance Base: Finally arriving in the UK on April 20 GPU is faster, but it weighs more and a full Kaby Lake refresh would've been better. Peter Bright (US) - Mar 29, 2017 2:10 pm UTC Enlarge Peter Bright reader comments 61 Share this story Note: After a rather long wait, the Surface Book with Performance Base is finally coming to the UK (and France and Germany). Pricing starts at £2250 for a Core i7, 8GB of RAM, and 256GB SSD, scaling up to £3150 for 16GB of RAM and 1TB SSD. You can pre-order now, but deliveries don't start until April 20. The review below was originally published on November 10, 2016. Note that the original Surface Book is being heavily discounted right now (between 10 and 20% off), so the price difference between the two models is much larger than in November last year. Most of the PC OEMs have refreshed their Skylake systems to include Intel's new Kaby Lake chips. Kaby Lake parts are for the most part drop-in replacements for Skylake parts—same chipsets, same power envelopes and cooling requirements—and some manufacturers have taken advantage of this fact. Dell's new XPS 13 is in most regards identical to the old XPS 13, for example, except for the processor swap. Some manufacturers have been a little more ambitious; HP's updated Spectre x360 adds Thunderbolt 3 and Windows Hello support as well as slashing the size and weight. Microsoft, however, has gone for none of these routes. The Surface Pro 4 with its Skylake processor remains the current iteration of the company's productivity-oriented tablet and hasn't changed since its introduction. The Surface Book, the laptop that can do double duty as a tablet, also remains a Skylake system. But Microsoft has made an upgrade of sorts to the Surface Book range in the form of an even more expensive version that sits at the very top of the range: the Surface Book with Performance Base. Specs at a glance: Microsoft Surface Book with Performance Base Base Best As reviewed Screen 3000×2000 13.5" (267 PPI), 10-point capacitive PixelSense touchscreen OS Windows 10 Pro CPU Intel 6th generation Core i7 RAM 8GB 16GB 16GB GPU Intel HD Graphics 520 + Nvidia GeForce GTX 965M 2GB SSD 256GB 1TB 1TB Networking 802.11ac/a/b/g/n with 2x2 MIMO antennas, Bluetooth 4.0 Ports Mini-DisplayPort, headphones, SD, 2 USB 3.0 Cameras Rear: 8MP autofocus, 1080p video Front: 5MP, 1080p video, infrared facial recognition Size 12.30×9.14×0.59-0.90" (312×232×14.9-23 mm) Weight 3.68 lb (1.647 kg) Battery 18 Wh (tablet) + 62 Wh (base) Warranty 1 year Price £2,250 £3,150 £3,150 Sensors Ambient light sensor, accelerometer, gyroscope, magnetometer Charger 65W Other features Surface Pen, TPM 2.0 The Surface Book's big party trick is that the screen portion is the part that contains the computer; it has batteries, a processor, RAM, storage, and everything else. The keyboard base, the part that in a regular laptop houses the computer parts, contains only the keyboard, touchpad, and battery. On higher-end models the keyboard base also contains a discrete Nvidia GPU. This GPU is non-standard; it doesn't neatly line up with any of Nvidia's usual mobile parts, and while it's faster than the Intel integrated graphics, it's not as quick as the more mainstream numbered parts. Further ReadingSurface Book review: The hybrid that really does replace your laptop As might be guessed from the name, the Surface Book with Performance Base doesn't touch the tablet part of the system at all, and the original Surface Book review still holds true for basically every aspect of the system. It's the same old Skylake machine as it was since it was launched last year. The only part that changes is the keyboard base. On the outside, it's chunkier: it's a little bit thicker (by 0.08 inches/1.9mm) and a little bit heavier (by 0.34lbs/0.13kg), and the top surface bulges upwards. So much so that the keyboard, which stands proud on the normal base, is now recessed, though both keyboard and touchpad feel otherwise identical to the ones on the regular base. Enlarge / The base now bulges above the keyboard, leaving it slightly inset. Peter Bright That bulging thickness has been used to do two things. First, the battery is bigger: 61.2 Wh, compared to 52 Wh in the regular base for a total (between the tablet and the base) of 80 Wh, up from 70 Wh. Second, the GPU is upgraded: it's now a standard model, specifically, the GeForce GTX 965M. This better GPU and bigger battery cost an extra £200 over the corresponding skinny discrete GPU version. [Note: Now, in March 2017, the price discrepancy is much larger because the older non-Performance-Base models are being heavily discounted.] The Intel graphics inexplicably crash in this test. The consequences of this are obvious enough. For compute workloads and when using the integrated graphics, the Performance Base performs identically because nothing has changed. Graphical workloads, however, are substantially quicker: depending on the benchmark, we're seeing between 30- and 100-percent increases in performance in the switch to the 965M. It's definitely a faster chip, and if you want to use a Surface Book for gaming or other 3D intensive workloads, it's a clear improvement. Microsoft has had to upgrade the cooling system in the Performance Base to cope with the 965M's greater power draw. During heavy workloads, the fan noise is definitely noticeable, though it seemed to cope adequately without throttling. The longevity is nice too. The total battery capacity is about 14 percent bigger, and lo and behold, the runtime on battery is about 14 percent higher. It's a simple trade-off; the bigger battery weighs more and is thicker, but it lasts longer. If that's important to you, it's worth having. Why isn't this a bigger upgrade? The Performance Base does the job it's supposed to do; if you need more graphical performance or battery life from your Surface Book, it's clearly the option to go for, especially with a mere £200 price delta. But it nonetheless raises a number of questions. The obvious one is, why hasn't Microsoft switched to Kaby Lake? A switch to Kaby Lake would likely provide a modest improvement in battery life, a modest increase in CPU performance, and a somewhat larger increase in integrated GPU performance. Even with the discrete GPU this is valuable, because many workloads (such as browsers) stick with the integrated graphics. Our understanding is that the Surface Book's tablet portion is up against the limits of Intel's thermal and power specifications, so much so that Kaby Lake wouldn't be a straightforward drop-in replacement. As such, making the upgrade may have required full revalidation and possibly a redesign of the cooling systems, which wasn't worth it for such a small update. Problem is, the tablet (and the Surface Pro 4) would benefit from a refresh. Aside from their processors, the lack of USB Type-C or Thunderbolt 3 on these systems, while tolerable at their 2015 introduction, looks rather more intolerable as we head into 2017. These are still premium-priced systems, and they should offer premium features. Kaby Lake provides the impetus for just such a refresh. Similarly, the choice of the older generation 965M, rather than the new 10x0 series, may have some people wondering why Microsoft hasn't gone for Nvidia's latest and greatest; I'd imagine that the project timeframes just didn't match up well. Nvidia's new chipsets are also more power hungry than the older ones, and with the dimensions of the Performance Base constrained by the need to remain compatible with the Surface Book, squeezing it all in might not have been possible. Enlarge / Top: regular Surface Book; Bottom: Surface Book with Performance Base. Peter Bright The other annoying issue is that existing owners of Surface Books have no upgrade path. Microsoft isn't selling the Performance Base separately, so if you want one, you'll have to buy a whole new system. The performance gap is big enough that Surface Book owners running graphically intensive workloads would probably see significant gains from making the switch, but having to spend a minimum of £2,250 to get one is painful. There's nothing preventing swapping out bases—any Surface Book tablet can work with the no-GPU base, the old GPU base, or the Performance Base without problems—it's simply that Microsoft has elected not to sell them this way. I've heard suggestions that there are fit and finish concerns with doing this—that tablets and bases are matched together in the factory to ensure that they still show good alignment and clean lines even in spite of the minute variations in manufacturing that inevitably occur—but I daresay most Surface Book owners would tolerate a small visual blemish if it meant they could make such an upgrade. All in all, the Performance Base is a curiosity. Microsoft says that the Performance Base was driven by demands for more battery life and more graphical performance, and it certainly addresses those demands, but it feels like a bit of a stopgap. A proper Surface Book 2 is surely in development, and with a more complete redesign, it ought to be possible to get Kaby Lake and perhaps even a current generation GPU into the system. It's surprising that the desire for battery life and faster GPUs was apparently so immediate and so acute that Microsoft felt the need to get the new base out, and it suggests that perhaps Surface Book 2 is going to arrive later rather than sooner. As such, it's hard to know whether to recommend the Surface Book with Performance Base or not. If it had been released in 2015 then yes, without a doubt, it'd be the premium pick for Surface Books. In spring 2017, though, it's much harder to recommend a system with a previous generation processor and no next-generation connectivity. If a Surface Book 2 were imminent we'd suggest holding off and waiting for that, but the very existence of the Performance Base implies that a Surface Book 2 isn't imminent. If the Surface Book form factor is really the one you want—and it certainly has its appeal—and you don't want to wait, then this is the system to get. I just can't quite shake the nagging feeling of it being a lot of money to spend on a machine that's essentially a year old. The Good The GPU is faster. The battery lasts longer. The Bad Fan noise under load. No way to buy the base standalone. The Ugly You're buying a 2015 machine in 2017. This post originated on Ars Technica Peter Bright Peter is Technology Editor at Ars. He covers Microsoft, programming and software development, Web technology and browsers, and security. He is based in Brooklyn, NY. Email peter.bright@arstechnica.com // Twitter @drpizza reader comments 61 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Today on Ars RSS Feeds Newsletters View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica US Contact Us Staff Advertise with us About Us Condé Nast UK Privacy Policy & Cookie Statement  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Contact Us  |  © Condé Nast UK 2017.
Trending: App Dev Cloud Data Center Mobile Open Source Security Deep Dives Reviews Resources/White Papers Search infoworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. How to respond to device and software backdoors inserted or left by vendors How to motivate the modern tech worker Hottest jobs, cities, and industries for IT pay in 2017 Review: VMware vSphere gets much-needed facelift More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Analytics All Analytics Big Data Business Intelligence Application Development All Application Development Java JavaScript Node.js Careers Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Storage IaaS PaaS SaaS Collaboration Databases All Databases Hadoop NoSQL Datacenters All Datacenters Devops Disaster Recovery Systems Management Hardware Internet of Things Mobile All Mobile Android Mobile Apps Mobile Development Mobile Management iOS Networking All Networking Internet SDN Wi-Fi Open Source Operating Systems All Operating Systems Linux MacOS Microsoft Windows Windows Server Security Software All Software Browsers Office Software Storage Virtualization See All Technologies News Blogs Reviews Tech Watch Insider articles Newsletters Deep Dives Slideshows Video Resources/White Papers × Close Home Hardware Processors Intel digs deep to keep Moore's Law alive Intel is changing the way it measures process technology advancements in a bid to hang on to Moore's Law Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. By Agam Shah U.S. Correspondent, IDG News Service | Mar 29, 2017 Credit: Intel More like this Intel will change its approach to PC chip upgrades Moore's Law lives on with speedy 7nm mobile chips coming in 2018 As Moore's Law approaches 50, Intel battling to keep up Video Thinnest-ever Apple MacBook hands-on The landmark Moore’s Law observation, which is now more than 50 years old, keeps shapeshifting as the physical challenges of making smaller chips mounts. Many scientists agree that Moore’s Law is dying, but Intel is clinging on to it for dear life. It has been Intel’s guiding light for making chips smaller, faster and cheaper. [ The InfoWorld review: The best 13-inch laptops for Windows 10 | Survive and thrive with a new OS: The ultimate Windows 10 survivor kit. | Stay up to date on the industry with the InfoWorld Daily newsletter. ] Now, Intel is changing the way it measures process technology advancements, which will help the company continue to boast about hitting key Moore’s Law metrics in terms of economics and the shrinking of chip sizes. Primarily, the company is changing the way it measures logic transistor density, using a wider cell width.  “Moore’s Law is not dead, at least not for us,” said Stacy Smith, Intel’s executive vice president leading manufacturing, operations and sales, during an event to talk about manufacturing in San Francisco on Tuesday. At its heart, Moore’s Law states that the cost of making chips goes down while the capabilities go up. Intel’s interpretation of Moore’s Law has changed multiple times. Initially, Intel was doubling transistors every 18 months, which then expanded to two years. On its most recent 14-nanometer process, that time line expanded to three years. With the new measurements, Intel will be able to boast that its manufacturing improvements are surpassing Moore’s Law. The company also said it would cut the manufacturing cost per transistor by half with each new manufacturing process, which is in line with Moore’s Law.  But there are caveats to the new metrics. Intel is making multiple changes and introducing more chip architectures on each manufacturing process, and advancing to new processes at a slower pace. Later this year, Intel will start making chips using the 10-nm process, which is being projected to last for roughly three years. After that the company will move to 7-nm, and Smith said there is “visibility” to the 5-nm process. Rival fabs are now catching up with Intel, which had a manufacturing advantage for more than a decade. Samsung is making 10-nm chips for mobile devices, with one example being Qualcomm’s Snapdragon 835—though Intel says its latest 14-nm chips are as good as the 10-nm chips from Samsung and GlobalFoundries. Intel’s reformulation of Moore’s Law metrics is an attempt by the company to make up for lost time and a messy move to the 14-nm process from the previous 22-nm process, said Nathan Brookwood, principal analyst at Insight 64, who was at the Tuesday event. Manufacturing issues on 14-nm in early 2014 meant Intel couldn’t achieve the cost or transistor density it wanted. As the 14-nm process matured, Intel started hitting those metrics, and had to press the restart button on its Moore’s Law projections. Chip advances have also contributed to reconsideration of the metrics. “There is an amount of reasonableness to it,” Brookwood said, saying Intel remains ahead of rivals on chip density. Intel has an advantage on gate and metal pitches, giving its chips more density. Intel will continue to deliver new PC and server chip architectures every year, with a minimum 15 percent performance improvement per generation. Coming next will be 8th Generation Core chips made on the 14-nm process, an unprecedented fourth chip architecture on the process technology. Intel will also be releasing PC chips code-named Cannon Lake based on the 10-nm process later this year. That could create a scenario where Intel has 14-nm and 10-nm PC chips hitting the market at the same time. That could create issues in the branding of chips and confusion among buyers looking to acquire the latest and greatest Intel processors. Intel last month said it will stress performance benefits to chip buyers, while playing down the role of process technology. For the past few years, Intel has moved away from the once-famous “tick-tock” scaling, where new processes were “ticks” and new architectures were “tocks.” It is switching to what the company calls “hyperscaling” advances, a new metaphor announced on Tuesday to describe manufacturing advances. Intel will now use the “+” and “++” symbols to mark advances in the 14-nm and 10-nm processes. Hyperscaling will help Intel cram new architectural and process innovations without hurrying a move to a new manufacturing process. New lithography techniques like quad-patterning will help Intel take advantage of the economic benefits described by Moore’s Law, said Kaizad Mistry, vice president and co-director of logic technology development at Intel. That will improve transistor density, which also brings performance and power-efficiency enhancements. Intel is projecting 15 percent improvements in performance with each advance in the 10-nm + and ++ processes. Intel will also reduce the chip size to pack I/O, logic and SRAM blocks into a much smaller area. Intel is doing what the company calls “aggressive pitch scaling,” which involves packing wires, transistors and 3D fins closer together. On the 10-nm process, that helps provide transistor density improvement that is 2.7 times better than the 14-nm process, an advance that Intel said is well above the Moore’s Law average. The chip maker is also bringing the ability to mix and match different cores into an integrated system-on-chip. The cores could be made using different manufacturing processes. It’s also much how ARM chips are designed and made, a process that  integrates CPUs, modems, graphics processors and other cores into a single chip. Related: Processors Hardware Intel You Might Like Most Read Windows 10 install problems — and how to solve them Having trouble installing and setting up Win10? You aren’t alone. Here are many of the most common... Problems continue with Windows 10 Anniversary Update 1607, KB 3194798 Angular 3 is hot on the heels of Angular 2 Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews, and analyses on your favorite technology topics. Get our InfoWorld Daily Newsletter: Go How to speed up Windows 7 Update scans—forever Win7 Update scans got you fuming? Here’s how to make the most of Microsoft’s 'magic' speed-up patch Best Android phones: What should you buy? Picking an Android phone can be difficult, but we're here to help. These are the top Android phones you... Resources Go Top Stories Review: Windows 10 Creators Update is worth waiting for In fact, wait as long as Microsoft will let you, since this is mostly a minor upgrade Business users: Go no-code with Microsoft PowerApps The demise of Visual Studio LightSwitch shouldn’t prevent power users from building line-of-business... Kubernetes 1.6 scales to 5,000 nodes Google's container orchestration platform can now scale to massive clusters Execs know best? Not at these companies IT expertise is no match for execs' stubbornness and agendas, even under dire circumstances Sponsored Links INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Don't let security concerns inhibit your move to the cloud. Don’t be the next breach headline; secure your data wherever it lives. Why your computer’s age matters. InfoWorld Follow us Analytics Application Development Careers Cloud Computing Collaboration Databases Datacenters Hardware Internet of Things Mobile Networking Open Source Operating Systems Security Software Storage Virtualization News Blogs Reviews Insider Resources Newsletters About Us Contact Privacy Policy Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: Intel Corporation Details 10-Nano Technology Intel is able to pack in a lot more transistors into a given area with its new 10-nano tech than it could with its previous 14-nano technology. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Mar 29, 2017 at 7:30AM At long last, chip giant Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) opened up about its upcoming 10-nanometer chip manufacturing technology, at its first-ever Technology and Manufacturing Day. The company has -- frustratingly -- kept key details of this technology under wraps for years now, but Intel is now putting them out there for all to see.  Without further ado, let's look at what Intel had to tell us about this new tech. Image source: Intel. A large jump in density Chipmakers generally like to reduce the area of its transistors with major new technology shifts. This area reduction is important in reducing transistor costs on a yield-normalized basis, a really important factor for product cost. Chipmakers are ultimately able to cram more features and functionality into a chip while maintaining reasonable cost structures. Intel says that in moving from 14 nanometers to 10, it's delivering an increase in transistor density by a factor of 2.7. Part of that density increase is due to reducing key aspects of the technology, such as the gate pitch, minimum metal pitch, and cell height. (Intel provides a glossary) of these and other terms.) Image source: Intel. Beyond those reductions in feature size, Intel also says other technology advancements in the technology help it further reduce chip area, referring collectively to these techniques as "hyper scaling."  The first advancement, Intel says, is a move from using two dummy gates per logic cell to a single one. A dummy gate, Intel explains, is a "gate that isn't part of a transistor, put on the edge of a logic cell, needed to isolate one cell from another." Image source: Intel. The company asserts that moving from using two dummy gates per cell to one drives a roughly 20% reduction in chip area size. The second advancement is what Intel refers to as "contact over active gate," a "process feature whereby the gate contact is stacked on top of the transistor gate rather than at its side." The net benefit, Intel claims, is a roughly 10% reduction in chip area. Adding all of this together, Intel says its 10-nanometer technology delivers a 2.7-fold improvement in logic transistor density. Now, not all transistors on a chip are logic transistors -- there are SRAM and I/O, for example -- so Intel is claiming chip-level area scaling of about 0.43, or approximately a 2.33-fold improvement in density, for a "representative" chip that includes logic, SRAM, and I/O. Let's talk performance In addition to density, Intel talked about the performance and power consumption of its various manufacturing technologies. Intel claims that its 10-nanometer technology can deliver either a 25% improvement in performance at a given level of active power consumption -- that is, when the transistor is doing something -- or it can deliver the same performance at 0.55 times the power of its 14-nanometer technology. What's interesting, though, is that in terms of transistor performance, the picture doesn't look as rosy as the density picture that Intel provided. For instance, Intel says its first-generation 10-nanometer technology delivers only slightly more performance than its current-generation 14-nanometer+ technology, which is used to build Intel's latest PC processors today, and performs worse than the company's 14-nanometer++ technology that will be used to manufacture the company's upcoming eighth-generation Core processors. Image source: Intel. Even Intel's second-generation 10-nanometer technology, known as 10-nanometer+, is expected to perform slightly worse than 14-nanometer++. Only by the time Intel gets to its third-generation 10-nanometer technology, 10-nanometer++, will 10-nanometer performance clearly exceed 14-nanometer++ performance. A silver lining, though: Intel says that all three of its 10-nanometer flavors offer lower dynamic capacitance than all three of its 14-nanometer variants, which the company says translates into lower power consumption. Competitive comparison and no yield information Intel took the opportunity to compare the density of its 10-nanometer technology with what it thinks the competition will deliver with their respective 10-nanometer technologies. Intel claims that, using a metric that's essentially the weighted average of the transistor densities of a two-input NAND cell and a complex scan flip-flop logic cell, its 10-nanometer technology is about twice as dense -- or a "full generation ahead" of competing 10-nanometer technologies. Image source: Intel. However, one thing I was disappointed by was that Intel is comparing its 10-nanometer technology to competing "10-nanometer" technologies. The reality is that Intel's 10-nanometer technology will probably have to slog it out with competing "7-nanometer" technologies in the marketplace, so it doesn't seem fair to compare Intel's 10-nanometer tech, which won't go into production until the second half of 2017, with foundry 10-nanometer technologies, which are in production now. To illustrate my point, Intel's chief competitor, Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (NYSE:TSM), has said that its 7-nanometer technology, which should go into mass production in the first half of 2018, delivers a roughly 1.63-fold density improvement over its 10-nanometer technology. Intel's 10-nanometer technology should be, on an apples-to-apples basis, denser than TSMC's 7-nanometer technology, at least in logic, as TSMC disclosed that its high density 7-nanometer SRAM cell is a bit denser than Intel's. But things seem to get murkier for Intel's logic density leadership position in 2019. TSMC also says an enhanced version of its 7-nanometer technology, known as 7-nanometer+, will deliver another 15%-20% logic area improvement over its 7-nanometer technology . A quick calculation suggests that TSMC could be able to close the density gap with Intel's 10-nanometer tech once it gets its 7-nanometer+ technology into high-volume manufacturing. I'd expect TSMC to be cranking these chips out in mass quantities in support of the 2019 iPhone. And, finally, Intel didn't provide any information on manufacturing yields. That the technology hasn't yet qualified for production, coupled with the fact that Intel is likely to keep the bulk of its processors shipments on 14-nanometer technology in 2017 and probably most, if not all, of 2018, seems to suggest that they're not great.  Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached on Twitter -- follow him there: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Mar 29, 2017 at 7:30AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing NYSE:TSM $32.93 down $0.42 (-1.26%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $35.57 down $0.03 (-0.08%) Read More How Intel Corporation's Execution Issues Have Helped Qualcomm, Inc. Will Intel Profit From Self-Driving Cars? Intel Accelerates Its Ongoing Transformation With Mobileye NV Acquisition Is Intel Corporation Taking Graphics More Seriously Now? Intel's Data Center Monopoly Is Coming to an End Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Intel Corporation Details 10-Nano Technology @themotleyfool #stocks $TSM, $INTC
Skip to content Fone Arena The Mobile Blog Menu Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Intel Optane memory will speed up PC performance Intel has introduced new Optane for PCs that promises significantly more performance and faster load times across a broad range of personal computing experiences. It uses uses one or two single-die packages of 3D XPoint non-volatile memory and comes in 16GB and 32GB capacities  “With the increased speed and responsiveness of Intel Optane memory in a 7th Gen Intel Core processor-based system, you can power on your computer up to twice as fast and improve overall system performance up to 28% faster with storage performance up to 14x faster,” says Intel. Intel Optane memory is a system acceleration solution for 7th Gen Intel Core processor platforms. It solution utilizes the Intel Optane technology, based on 3D XPoint memory media, along with the Intel Rapid Storage Technology (Intel RST) driver. By placing this new memory media between the processor and slower SATA-based storage devices (HDD, SSHD or SATA SSD), we are able to store commonly used data and programs closer to the processor, which allows the system to access this information more quickly and improve overall system responsiveness. Intel Optane memory concatenates memory and storage into one virtual drive visible to the OS with an optimized system interconnect, that uses smart software (Intel RST) to accelerate performance and responsiveness of the PC. It is called memory because it utilizes a new memory media to store information closer to the processor similar to the function of system DRAM memory. Intel Optane memory for desktops will be available starting April 24 for Intel Optane memory ready motherboards or systems starting at $44 (Rs. 2850 approx.) for the 16GB version and the 32GB variant costs $77 (Rs. 4996 approx.). In Q2 PC manufacturers like HP, Dell, Lenovo, Asus, Acer and others will begin shipping both consumer and commercial products equipped with Intel Optane memory. Intel says Notebook and mobile systems featuring Intel Optane memory will be available soon. "Intel Optane memory will speed up PC performance", 5 out of 5 based on 21 ratings. Author: Srivatsan Sridhar Srivatsan Sridhar is a Mobile Technology Enthusiast who is passionate about Mobile phones and Mobile apps. He is currently using the Motorola Moto G4 Plus. You can follow him on Twitter @ssrivatsan and on Google+ View all posts by Srivatsan Sridhar Author Srivatsan SridharPosted on March 29, 2017Categories Intel, News Post navigation Previous Previous post: DataWind Vidyatab Punjabi Education Tablet launched for Rs. 3999 Next Next post: Google Search Knowledge Graph now available in Bengali language Trending Phones OnePlus 3T Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Google Pixel Honor 6X Apple iPhone 7 Plus Nokia 6 Mobile Phones Nokia Sony Ericsson Samsung Motorola i-Mate Dopod HTC LG 02 BlackBerry Sagem Haier palmOne HP Spice Fly Apple Latest Phones Lenovo Phab 2 Lenovo Phab 2 Plus Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto Z Force Reliance Lyf Wind 5 Featured Video Subscribe to FA on YouTube Recent Posts Google Calendar app finally available for iPad Samsung Connect Home Smart Wi-Fi System is a mesh router with SmartThings integration Samsung Galaxy Note5 gets Android 7.0 Nougat update in India Android app revenue will surpass iOS this year: App Annie Samsung Galaxy S8 is world’s first phone with Bluetooth 5, Dual audio lets you stream to two devices simultaneously Why wireless storage is the ideal tool for an entertainment on the go Samsung Galaxy S8+ vs Apple iPhone 7 Plus – What’s different Samsung Galaxy S8 vs Apple iPhone 7 – What’s Different Samsung Galaxy S8 vs LG G6 – What’s Different Samsung Galaxy S8+ vs Galaxy S7 edge – What’s New CategoriesCategories Select Category 2 in 1 3G 4G 5G Accessories Acer Aircel Airtel Alcatel Amazon Android Announcements AOC Apple apps Articles askFA AskFoneArena Asus AT&T Bada Battery test Benchmarks Bharti Blackberry BlackBerry World Blogging Bluetooth Brands BSNL BT Byond Camera Samples Canada Cases CDMA CeBIT Celkon CES CES 2013 CES 2014 CES 2015 CES 2016 CES 2017 Chaze Cheers China china Computex 2014 Computex 2015 Computex 2016 Contributors Coolpad CREO CTIA Datawind Dell Development development Digiflip Pro Digital Payments Domo Dual SIM EE Elephone eReaders EV-DO Events Exclusive Facebook Featured Firefox Fitness Trackers Fly FoneArena Daily FoneArena Labs G Five Games G’FIVE General Gifts Gionee Google GPRS GPS GSM Guides Handsets Headlines HP HTC Huawei Hutch iBall iberry IDEA IFA India Infocus INQ Instagram Photo Contest Intek Intel Interviews Intex IoT iPad iPhone itel Japan Japan Java / J2ME Jio Jolla Karbonn Lava LeEco Lemon Lenovo LeTV LG Linux Luxury Maemo Magicon Manufacturers Maxx MeeGo Meizu Memory Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTNL MTS Multimedia MWC MWC 2010 MWC 2011 MWC 2012 MWC 2013 MWC 2014 MWC 2015 MWC 2016 MWC 2017 News Nexian Nextbit NFC Nokia Nokia World 2009 Nokia World 2010 Nokia World 2011 Nokia-Siemens O2 Obi OnePlus Operators Oplus Oppo Palm Palm Panasonic Phicomm Philips Photo Gallery Platforms poll Press Releases Previews Qiku Qualcomm Reliance Reliance Reports Reviews Roundup Rumors Sailfish Samsung Sections SEE2009 Sennheiser Simmtronics Singapore Smartisan Smartron Smartwatches SMS Software Sony Sony Ericsson Spice Spice Sprint Swipe Symbian T-Mobile Tablets Tata Docomo Tata Indicom TCL Teardown Technology Tesla Three Tips Tizen TP-LINK Ubuntu uk Ulefone UMi Unboxings Uncategorized Uninor USA VAS Verizon Video Videocon Videocon Vivo Vodafone VR Wallets WickedLeak Wifi Win a Nokia E7 Windows Xiaomi Xolo YU Zen Zopo ZTE ZUK FA on Facebook Youtube Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Fone Arena 2005-2016
By reading this site you agree to our cookie policy. Click to find out more. [x] HOME TECH GAMING BUSINESS CONSUMER MOBILE HEXUS.TV TRUST COMPETITIONS FORUMS SEARCH You are here: CPU Enterprise News 9 Intel Xeon processor E3-1200 v6 product family becomes available by Mark Tyson on 29 March 2017, 10:02 Tags: Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) Quick Link: HEXUS.net/qadfsi Add to My Vault: Intel has announced the availability of its Xeon processor E3-1200 v6 product family. A total of eight Kaby Lake Xeons have been made available and Intel asserts that they deliver "key improvements in processor speed, enhanced memory capabilities, hardware-enhanced security and reliability features with support for the latest Intel graphics". Alongside the usual targeted applications of entry-level workstations used in SMBs for design, analytics, and rendering, Intel adds buzz to this processor release by describing it as ready for professional virtual reality and 4K video. Making the case for upgrading to the new Xeon E3-1200 v6 product family, Intel has a number of comparisons to make with previous Xeons which are just a few years old. Headline computing performance will be up to 56 per cent improved compared to an E3-1200 v6 processor, it says. In another key metric, where SKUs have built-in graphics chips, the Intel HD Graphics P630 in the new Xeons can provide up to 3x graphics performance of an Intel Xeon E3-1280 v2. Add to this HVEC 10-bit hardware video acceleration and 4K video de/coding. With the P630 "designers may no longer need a discrete graphics card for some of the most commonly-used workloads," reckons Intel. Intel has made a simple table to make clear the Xeon with integrated graphics benefits, as below. Another big reason for going Xeon is the certified and optimised performance in popular workstation applications such as AutoCAD, Maya, Micro-Station, Solidworks, Photoshop, and many others. Intel goes on to trumpet Xeon v6 virtualisation technology, vPro technology, hardware enhanced security like Intel Software Guard Extensions (Intel SGX), and Optane compatibility, and ECC memory support as reasons to opt for the platform. Looking more closely at the Intel Xeon processor E3-1200 v6 product family product matrix, we can see that they are all quad-core parts; six of them are in 4C/8T configuration, and the two cheapest models are 4C/4T. SKU Cores/Threads Base freq Turbo HD Graphics P630 Price Xeon E3-1280 v6 4/8 3.9GHz 4.2GHz - $612 Xeon E3-1275 v6 4/8 3.8GHz 4.2GHz Yes $339 Xeon E3-1270 v6 4/8 3.8GHz 4.2GHz - $328 Xeon E3-1245 v6 4/8 3.7GHz 4.1GHz Yes $284 Xeon E3-1240 v6 4/8 3.7GHz 4.1GHz - $272 Xeon E3-1230 v6 4/8 3.5GHz 3.9GHz - $250 Xeon E3-1225 v6 4/4 3.3GHz 3.7GHz Yes $213 Xeon E3-1220 v6 4/4 3.0GHz 3.5GHz - $193   To make use of one of the new Kaby Lake Xeons you will need to have an Intel C230 series chipset motherboard, specifically either the Intel C232 or C236 chipsets. At least this makes them viable as upgrade options for those who already bought into C230 chipset socket 1151 boards,with probably only a BIOS update required for support. Intel says the Xeon processor E3-1200 v6 product family is available immediately. Related Reading 0 ARM announces its flexible DynamIQ microarchitecture DynamIQ can mix various big and LITTLE cores in a single compute cluster. 1 Blog: ARM DynamIQ - Technology for the next era of compute Enabling better user experiences, says ARM. 28 AMD rumoured to be working on a 16C/32T Ryzen CPU This HEDT processor will launch with X399 motherboards this summer say sources. AMD announces Ryzen 5 CPUs Intel launches 16GB and 32GB Optane Cache modules Corsair One Pro Scan 3XS Vengeance Ti Razer Blade (2017) HEXUS Forums :: 9 Comments Login with Forum Account User Name Password Don't have an account? Register today! Posted by azrael- - Wed 29 Mar 2017 10:12 But will they too require Windows 10? Can't believe the enterprise sector will be happy having Windows 10 foisted upon them. Posted by shaithis - Wed 29 Mar 2017 10:31 Sooner or later, the enterprise sector is going to have to adopt Windows 10 or migrate to a different ecosystem. End of support dates are looming ever closer……. Back OT: I was hoping they may have relaxed the chipset requirements for these seeing as Zen is out now……obviously intel just want to keep on fracturing their products into separate little ecosystems :( Posted by Dashers - Wed 29 Mar 2017 11:25 I would be that these processors are for fairly unique workstations more than standard builds in Enterprises. They're too powerful for most users and not powerful enough to get put into servers. Posted by azrael- - Wed 29 Mar 2017 11:35 Dashers I would be that these processors are for fairly unique workstations more than standard builds in Enterprises. They're too powerful for most users and not powerful enough to get put into servers.They are for run-of-the-mill workstations, which means applications like CAD/CAM, development etc. I'm typing this sitting in front of my workstation using an E3-1245 v2 at work. Common office tasks are usually done on simple desktop pcs, albeit often using a “business” Q-series chipset for the management options. Posted by Kanoe - Wed 29 Mar 2017 11:51 What is the point of the E3-1280v6!!?? $300 more than then E3-1270v6 for 0.1GHz more, absolutely crazy!! SEE NEWER » MY HEXUS Sign in for the best HEXUS experience LOG IN REGISTER HEXUS NEWSLETTER MOST VIEWED MOST COMMENTED 1 Corsair One Pro 29 2 AMD says that RX Vega is "just around the corner" 24 3 Heatbuff gamer hands heating system smashes Kickstarter goal 25 4 AMD rumoured to be working on a 16C/32T Ryzen CPU 28 5 Razer Blade (2017) 3 1 QOTW: Which is the most expensive component in your PC? 56 2 In Win tòu 2.0 signature tempered glass chassis launched 31 3 Corsair One Pro 29 4 AMD rumoured to be working on a 16C/32T Ryzen CPU 28 5 Heatbuff gamer hands heating system smashes Kickstarter goal 25 EVENTS ALL EVENTS POLL FACEBOOK INDUSTRY PRESS RELEASES 1 GIGABYTE Launches Overclocking Event: April Extreme Clocking 2017 2 EK introduces new EK-CryoFuel coolants 3 Thecus® Announces new 2-bay Home NAS: The N2350 4 FSP’s SFX Dagger PSUs Powering Compact Enthusiast PC Builds 5 Picture-Perfect Viewing with Do-Anything Versatility: New Philips Ultra Wide Color LCD Display 6 Ultimate Ears WONDERBOOM: Pint-Size Speaker with Surprisingly Big Sound INFORMATION About us Advertise Contact us How Competitions work How we test About Cookies What our awards mean Privacy and terms of use SUBSCRIPTIONS RSS / Alerts / Twitter Facebook / Newsletter Unsubscribe HEXUS Community Members: 410,573 Forum posts: 2,572,885 Forum threads: 247,790 Currently active users: 610 Copyright © 1998 - 2017, HEXUS.net. All rights reserved. HEXUS® is a registered trademark.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Intel Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Nations Financial Group Inc. IA ADV Buys 275 Shares of Intel Co. (INTC) Philippe F. Courtot Sells 40,000 Shares of Qualys Inc (QLYS) Stock Insider Selling: Henry Schein, Inc. (HSIC) SVP Sells $1,597,368.00 in Stock Yakov Faitelson Sells 49,273 Shares of Varonis Systems Inc (VRNS) Stock Insider Selling: American Tower Corp (AMT) EVP Sells $1,788,450.00 in Stock New York State Teachers Retirement System Buys 1,500 Shares of Installed Building Products Inc (IBP) US Concrete Inc (USCR) Shares Bought by New York State Teachers Retirement System Daniel Yaacov Sebag Sells 89,800 Shares of Amaya Inc (AYA) Stock Bank of Nova Scotia Trust Co. Has $8,377,000 Stake in Walt Disney Co (DIS) Scotts Miracle-Gro Co (SMG) Position Cut by Renaissance Technologies LLC Renaissance Technologies LLC Buys 200,138 Shares of EnerNOC, Inc. (ENOC) Vetr Inc. Upgrades United States Steel Co. (X) to “Strong-Buy” Visa Inc (V) Rating Reiterated by Cowen and Company Cowen and Company Raises United Technologies Co. (UTX) Price Target to $127.00 Unilever plc (UL) Earns Sell Rating from Goldman Sachs Group Inc Mizuho Upgrades Universal Health Services, Inc. (UHS) to Buy HFF, Inc. (HF) Receives $30.00 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Minerals Technologies Inc (MTX) Given $80.00 Average Target Price by Analysts Zacks: UniFirst Corp (UNF) Receives Average Recommendation of “” from Analysts Herald Investment Management Ltd Maintains Position in Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Nations Financial Group Inc. IA ADV Buys 275 Shares of Intel Co. (INTC) March 29th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Nations Financial Group Inc. IA ADV raised its position in shares of Intel Co. (NASDAQ:INTC) by 1.1% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 24,534 shares of the chip maker’s stock after buying an additional 275 shares during the period. Nations Financial Group Inc. IA ADV’s holdings in Intel were worth $890,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. HighPoint Advisor Group LLC increased its position in shares of Intel by 1.5% in the third quarter. HighPoint Advisor Group LLC now owns 36,790 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $1,288,000 after buying an additional 556 shares during the last quarter. Court Place Advisors LLC increased its position in shares of Intel by 2.1% in the third quarter. Court Place Advisors LLC now owns 128,070 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $4,835,000 after buying an additional 2,638 shares during the last quarter. Raymond James Trust N.A. increased its position in shares of Intel by 3.6% in the third quarter. Raymond James Trust N.A. now owns 214,209 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $8,086,000 after buying an additional 7,374 shares during the last quarter. Albion Financial Group UT increased its position in shares of Intel by 237.5% in the third quarter. Albion Financial Group UT now owns 80,767 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $3,049,000 after buying an additional 56,838 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Korea Investment CORP increased its position in shares of Intel by 13.3% in the third quarter. Korea Investment CORP now owns 3,427,798 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $129,399,000 after buying an additional 402,824 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 65.90% of the company’s stock. Shares of Intel Co. (NASDAQ:INTC) opened at 35.60 on Wednesday. Intel Co. has a 12 month low of $29.50 and a 12 month high of $38.45. The firm has a market cap of $168.32 billion, a PE ratio of 16.79 and a beta of 1.03. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $35.77 and its 200 day moving average is $36.11. Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, January 26th. The chip maker reported $0.79 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.75 by $0.04. The firm earned $16.40 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $15.75 billion. Intel had a return on equity of 20.95% and a net margin of 17.37%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 10.1% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $0.74 EPS. On average, analysts anticipate that Intel Co. will post $2.80 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 1st. Shareholders of record on Sunday, May 7th will be issued a $0.2725 dividend. This is a boost from Intel’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.26. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, May 3rd. This represents a $1.09 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.06%. Intel’s payout ratio is 49.29%. WARNING: This report was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US & international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/29/nations-financial-group-inc-ia-adv-buys-275-shares-of-intel-co-intc.html. A number of analysts have recently issued reports on the stock. Deutsche Bank AG reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $47.00 price objective on shares of Intel in a report on Tuesday, January 24th. Sanford C. Bernstein downgraded shares of Intel from a “market perform” rating to an “underperform” rating and lowered their price target for the stock from $36.00 to $30.00 in a research note on Tuesday, February 28th. Brean Capital restated a “buy” rating on shares of Intel in a research report on Tuesday, December 13th. Wells Fargo & Co restated a “top pick” rating and issued a $45.00 price objective on shares of Intel in a research report on Tuesday, January 3rd. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada reiterated a “sector perform” rating and set a $37.00 price target on shares of Intel in a research report on Friday, January 27th. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eighteen have assigned a hold rating, twenty-six have given a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the stock. Intel presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $39.99. In other Intel news, CEO Brian M. Krzanich sold 72,172 shares of Intel stock in a transaction dated Monday, March 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of $35.21, for a total value of $2,541,176.12. Following the completion of the sale, the chief executive officer now owns 549,091 shares in the company, valued at approximately $19,333,494.11. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. Also, EVP Venkata S. M. Renduchintala sold 17,755 shares of Intel stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, January 31st. The shares were sold at an average price of $37.13, for a total value of $659,243.15. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now owns 4,247 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $157,691.11. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 273,023 shares of company stock valued at $9,898,612 in the last 90 days. 0.09% of the stock is owned by company insiders. Intel Company Profile Intel Corporation is engaged in designing and manufacturing products and technologies, such as the cloud. The Company’s segments are Client Computing Group (CCG), Data Center Group (DCG), Internet of Things Group (IOTG), Non-Volatile Memory Solutions Group (NSG), Intel Security Group (ISecG), Programmable Solutions Group (PSG), All Other and New Technology Group (NTG). Want to see what other hedge funds are holding INTC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Intel Co. (NASDAQ:INTC). Receive News & Ratings for Intel Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
News Research Finance Page 2 Supply chain window On Display Marketing Advanced 中文 繁體 | 簡體 Facebook Twitter Register Login Taipei, Thursday, March 30, 2017 15:02 (GMT+8) Taipei 25°C Home IT + CE Mobile + telecom Bits + chips Displays LED Green energy What's hot: Thailand 2017 VR manufacturing PC, CE Portable ICT manufacturing IT components, peripherals Server, IPC, cloud computing Software Article Comments (0) Related content Print Email Competition in AI platform market intensifying Monica Chen, Taipei; Joseph Tsai, DIGITIMES [Wednesday 29 March 2017] Major chip players, including Intel, Nvidia, Qualcomm and AMD, have all stepped up their efforts to develop related artificial intelligence (AI) platforms, making the AI market a fierce battlefield in 2017. Intel, which already quit the smartphone market, has begun re-organizing its businesses and integrated all its AI-related businesses under the newly established AI Products Group and AI laboratories. The company has also been acquiring companies and forming strategic alliances with partners to strengthen its AI platforms for applications including drone, autonomous driving, medical care and smart factory. Intel has recently launched its Nervana platform, designed specifically for AI application and the solutions that are based on the platform use products including Intel's Xeon and Xeon Phi processors and adopt technology such as FPGA and from Intel's acquired Nervana In the first half of 2017 Intel will test its new Lake Crest chip that has been optimized for neural network. Intel also has a chip codenamed Knights Crest, which combines Intel's Xeon processor with Nervana's technology. Intel's Saffron platform will provide transparent analysis on heterogeneous material using a memory-based reasoning method, while the company has also been offering smart APIs, expanding its distributed computing processor series, releasing RealSense camera and Movidius VPU to assist the development of related technologies. Intel has recently acquired Mobileye for US$15.3 billion to push its effort in the AI market, while its autonomous driving car fleet is expected to hit the road some time in 2017. Intel also acquired a 15% stake in map content developer HERE to ensure the autonomous driving cars have the latest map information. Unlike other chipmakers, Nvidia is using its GPU technology to push AI applications. The company launched Tesla P100 chip and Tesla P4P40 chip for image, text and sound recognition. Nvidia has also cooperated with electric car vendor Tesla and developed its car-use AI platform Xavier. Nvidia also has partnership with Audi to release autonomous driving cars. For the home-use Internet of Things (IoT) area, Nvidia has Shield+Spot platform, while its Jetson TX2 can be used in end devices as well as smart factory robots, enterprise drones and smart cameras in cities. Nvidia has recently partnered with Microsoft to develop an AI cloud computing platform accelerated by GPUs. Nvidia's Telsa has also been adopted by China-based Tencent's cloud computing platform. Nvidia is planning to host GPU Technology Conference (GTC) 2017 in May and is expected to unveil more updates on its AI plans. Qualcomm has been aggressively trying to expand in the AI market. Following its US$47 billion acquisition of the largest car-use chip maker NXP worldwide, Nvidia also recently formed collaboration with map content provider TomTom. AMD CEO Lisa Su recently noted that the company will not be absent from the AI competition and the market is rather important to AMD. In addition to processor and GPU technologies, FPGA and ASIC are also expected to become major technologies. AMD has recently launched Radeon Instinct graphics card, specifically for AI and machine learning purposes. AMD is the only company that has both GPU and x86 processor technologies. In addition to capability of satisfying datacenter's variety of demand, the company is also able to push smart machine's development as the company has been developing the efficient connection between the GPU and the CPU to meet AI's technological demand. Tweet Categories: IT + CE IT components, peripherals Server, IPC, cloud computing Software Tags: AMD Intel Nvidia Qualcomm Related stories Digitimes Research: DNN-architecture AI widely used in image recognition (Mar 22) AI helps Nvidia reach record revenues (Feb 10) Brand vendors to launch smartphones with AI applications to ramp up sales in 2017 (Jan 24) SerComm to offer AI-integrated devices in mid-2017 (Jan 20) Realtime news ESD solution provider Amazing Microelectronic sees earnings up 70% in 2016 Bits + chips - Newswatch | 11min ago LeEco may be unable to acquire Vizio due to strict foreign exchange policies Before Going to Press | Mar 29, 22:39 Getac Technology nets NT$3.68 per share for 2016 Before Going to Press | Mar 29, 22:37 Asustek ZenFone 4 may not come with Snapdragon 835 Before Going to Press | Mar 29, 22:36 ECS reports losses for 2016 Before Going to Press | Mar 29, 22:27 ESD solution provider Amazing Microelectronic sees earnings up 70% in 2016 Before Going to Press | Mar 29, 22:26 Quanta suffers revenue drop, but increased profits in 2016 Before Going to Press | Mar 29, 22:17 Chunghwa Telecom launches smart FunPark Watch for children Before Going to Press | Mar 29, 22:16 BLU maker Coretronic to hand out cash dividend of NT$3.5 for 2016 Before Going to Press | Mar 29, 22:08 Pause  |  View more Sponsored links Wireless broadband developments in Southeast Asia markets As of 2013, the 10 ASEAN nations had a total of over 700 million mobile subscriptions, with the CAGR from 2003-2013 reaching 24%. This Digitimes Research Special Report analyzes the various mobile broadband markets in ASEAN and looks at the respective trends in 4G LTE development for those markets. 2015 global tablet demand forecast This Digitimes Research Special Report provides a 2015 forecast for the global tablet market and analyzes the strategies of key market players such as Google, Apple, Intel, and Microsoft. 2015 China smartphone panel trend forecast This Digitimes Research Special Report analyzes the strategies of key China-based major panel makers BOE, Tianma and IVO for attacking the different market segments through technology and pricing, and their relationship to local vendors Huawei, Lenovo, ZTE, Xiaomi and Coolpad. Buy link DIGITIMES About Advertising Marketing Membership Terms & conditions Privacy policy Contact us Notes & corrections Site map Channels News Research Finance Industry intros Page 2 Supply chain window Hot systems On display Tools & services Before going to press On demand Frankly speaking Around the web Topics Mobile RSS Facebook Twitter Account New user Login Members only Login to read more © DIGITIMES Inc. All rights reserved. Please do not republish, publicly broadcast or publicly transmit content from this website without written permission from DIGITIMES Inc. Please contact us if you have any questions.
M³ CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Encryp-xit: Europe will go all in for crypto backdoors in June How about a nice game of ... Tetris? Oxford eggheads slow PTSD onset with classic game How to leak data from an air-gapped PC – using, er, a humble scanner Samizdat no more: Old Unix source code opened for study Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Chinese giant ZTE slips off US export sh*tlist – and it only cost $900m SimpliVity customers spurned by HPE welcomed into loving arms of Nutanix VMware, Citrix to have a crack at desktops on docked smartphones Inside Intel's Optanical garden Samizdat no more: Old Unix source code opened for study Web-app devs note: Google wants to banish JavaScript dialogues Windows 10 Creators Update: Clearing the mines with livestock (that's you by the way) Microsoft beefs up Skype for Business as Amazon Chimes in Encryp-xit: Europe will go all in for crypto backdoors in June How to leak data from an air-gapped PC – using, er, a humble scanner Kremlin-backed APT28 doesn't even bother hiding its attacks, says Finnish secret police Hey FCC, when you're not busy screwing our privacy, how about those SS7 cell network security flaws, huh? The 'data driven enterprise' is actually just the enterprise Converged systems market is so hot it just went backwards Defence in Depth: A 'layered' strategy can repel cold attackers Surprise! Thanks to the cloud, you've got a hybrid infrastructure DevOps hype? Sometimes a pizza really is just a pizza DevOps brings your teams to delivery faster and with better quality CoreOS Tectonic shift: Now you can run it on Azure and OpenStack Carnegie-Mellon Uni emits 'don't be stupid' list for C++ developers Policy The Channel Russian mega-telco exec: 'No business case' for 5G nbn™ to offer 100Mbps fixed wireless service Don't believe the hype: UK's £455m Government Digital Service lacks a clear role – fresh audit Silicon Valley staffing agency boss charged with H‑1B visa fraud Florida Man can't pause cycle on Samsung 'exploding' washing machine lawsuit Samsung Galaxy S8: Slimmer bezels, a desktop mode – and yet another me-too AI pal Hertfordshire primary school girls prepare for World Robotics Champs One in five mobile phones shipped abroad are phoney – report SPB Geek's Guide How about a nice game of ... Tetris? Oxford eggheads slow PTSD onset with classic game ESA picks final two ExoMars landing site candidates Astroboffins clock thriving stellar nursery nestled in violent supermassive black hole Boffins name 12 new types of cloud in first Cloud Atlas since 1986 Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Learn to use machine learning Speaking in Tech: Elon Musk and the AI apocalypse What a time to be alive: drone pooper-scoopers are a thing now Boffins give 'D.TRUMP' an AI injection Verity Stob Pirate of the Caribbean to play Hacker of the Caribbean Nuns left in limbo after phone line transfer hell Miss Misery on hacking Mr Robot and the Missing Sense of Fun Disney plotting 15 more years of Star Wars More like this Intel Data Center Storage Inside Intel's Optanical garden What you see and what you might actually get could differ Pollinating Optane in the Optanical garden 29 Mar 2017 at 07:33, Chris Mellor Analysis Intel has now had its brace of Optane P4800X SSD and M.2 2280 motherboard card releases and we’ve learned there is no straightforward performance comparison with equivalent flash product – Intel is eschewing that on the grounds of Optane being a significantly different storage product. We can agree with that, not having enough factual information to support or counter it, or we can suspect marketing machinations because Optane and its 3D Xpoint media falls short of its original performance billing. What have analysts and commentators gleaned about the Optane products? SSD P4800X First of all, it’s pretty clear that the NVMe PCIe interface does Optane no favours, with the coming DIMM memory bus interface product expected to be significantly faster. Objective Analysis analyst Jim Handy writes, “This interface would limit even an infinitely fast memory technology’s speed to about 5‑10 times that of NAND flash behind the same interface ... The memory channel doesn’t bog down XPoint’s speed with unnecessary I/O protocols.” Performance We were told that when the P4800X is tested at queue depths of 16 or less, it is up to 10x faster than a P3700 NAND SSD on random reads, up to 3x faster at random writes, and up to 8x faster at 70/30 mixed read/write IOs. What’s queue depth got to do with it? Our understanding is that a NAND SSD’s controller has a number of channels between it and the blocks of flash memory. If it is dealing with several requests at once, then multiple channels can be serving these requests and the performance increases because of that. Intel would say that in the real world, low queue depth operation is normal in the Optane use cases. The Next Platform reports: “Because of the fact that the Optane SSD can be saturated with a queue depth of 12, the company will be specifying performance at queue depths of 1 and 16 on its spec sheets, and comparisons with NAND flash drives should be done at the same queue depths (it looks like 1, 12, and 16 are the important queues to keep in mind for the first generation of Optanes).” Our suspicion is that the 3D Xpoint controller does not have such a multi-channel interface. That is why it does not exhibit the same effect and Intel quotes low queue depth (16 or less) performance numbers. The Tom's Hardware report states that “the SSD employs a custom 7‑channel Intel NVMe ASIC that can manage up to four die per channel, or 28 total die.” This compares to 16‑channel controllers in enterprise PCIe SSDs. Intel’s P4800X product brief [PDF] tells us: We see up to 550,000/500,000 random read/write IOPS at a queue depth of 16. The device uses write-in-place technology, and the trad NAND SSD block-erase-then-write process is not used, speeding writes and helping to prolong endurance. A Tom's Hardware analysis states: “It delivers 5x to 8x the performance of competing SSDs at low queue depths. Mixed random 4K performance with a 70/30 read/write workload measures an impressive 500,000 IOPS, which is far and away the leading performance from any SSD we’ve covered.” Endurance Endurance is, frankly, a tad disappointing, with the P4800X having a 30 drive writes per day (DWPD) rating for its 3‑year warranty period, Intel saying this equates to 12.3PB (we calculate it to be 12.6PB, actually). Using Intel’s DC P3700 datasheet, we get a 17 DWPD rating for a 400GB P3700 SSD. Here are the calculation steps to get to its total PB written number: 400GB x 17 DWPD = 6,800GB 6.8MB x 365 days = 2,482TB/year 2,482PB x 5 years = 12.41PB; a little more than the Xpoint-using P4800X To say the P4800X has “ultra endurance” is stretching a point, in our view. Tom's Hardware was told by Intel that future P4800X models would carry a 5‑year warranty period. Price Jim Handy writes that the expectation for Optane SSDs was that “the new memory should have performance close to that of DRAM and a price close to that of NAND. Instead, what Intel has announced is an SSD whose performance is close to that of NAND flash at a price that is close to that of DRAM.” The P4800X costs $1,520, meaning $4.05/GB at its 375GB capacity. Handy points out NAND costs less than $0.50/GB while DRAM costs under $5.00 for end users; so Optane has near-DRAM pricing at near-NAND speed. The Next Platform’s Tim Prickett Morgan differs, quoting different DRAM prices: HPE 128GB DDR4 @2.8GHz – $6,500-$7,200, so $50.8/GB to $56.25/GB 64GB module – $1,800-$4,500, so $28.13/GB to $70.3/GB 32GB stick – $1,200, so $37.5/GB He’s not backing up Handy’s view at all, and sees lots of head room under DRAM pricing for Xpoint SSDs. Tom's Hardware reports that Intel’s fast P3608 NAND SSD costs about $1.64/GB retail, which provides a floor price for Optane SSDs. Latency The P4800X has an under-10μs (microsecond) read latency using a 70/30 read/write workload using 4KB blocks. We don’t know what the write latency is. In comparison, the P3700 has a 20μs/20μs read/write latency rating; so the Optane SSD is at least twice as fast in latency terms as the P3700. Optane motherboard M.2 card memory Intel Client Computing Group VP and GM Navin Shenoy says that, with Optane memory, “you can power on your computer up to twice as fast and improve overall system performance up to 28 per cent faster, with storage performance up to 14x faster. Applications like Microsoft Outlook will launch up to nearly 6x faster, the Chrome browser launches up to 5x faster, games launch up to 67 per cent faster, and levels load up to 65 per cent faster.” These are comparisons, we understand, against disk drive-based PCs, not ones using SSDs. Here is an Intel table listing Optane Memory characteristics: The performance data shows 300,000 4K random read IOPS with a queue depth of 4 and 70,000 random write IOPS. We have 1,200MB/sec sequential read bandwidth and a far, far slower 280MB/sec sequential write bandwidth. The 16GB unit costs $44 and the 32GB one $77, according to AnandTech; that’s $2.4/GB at the 32GB level. The endurance is 100GB written per day for the 5‑year warranted period, meaning 182.5TB written. Its latency is 6μs for reading and 16μs for writing. How significant is Optane A Datera spokesperson said, “Once every decade, the computer industry brings fundamentally new hardware technology to market that transforms how computers are designed, and how we use them to experience the digital world. Ten years ago this was the iPhone, 20 years ago the Internet, 30 years ago the IBM PC, and 40 years ago, Intel basically launched the entire IT industry as we know it today with its first microprocessor. The launch of Intel Optane marks another such seminal moment. Intel Optane is basically persistent memory, and its profound implications prompted us to rethink how data is stored, managed and delivered.” He said: “In the Datera Elastic Data Fabric, Intel Optane defines just another node type: The initial Datera Intel Optane node will be 3TB, delivering more than 1M IOPS at less than 250 microseconds latency, seamlessly blending persistent memory with Datera all-flash nodes and hybrid flash nodes in multiple storage tiers.” Intel Optane with >500,000 IOPS and <50 microseconds latency Flash with 100,000 IOPS and <500 microseconds latency Disk drives with 150 IOPS and multi-millisecond latencies Datera’s spokesperson thinks “Storage-as-a-service with memory-class performance is a game-changer for driving the real-time digital business world today and in the future. It heralds new classes of applications, such as in‑memory databases, high-transactional workloads, and real-time analytics environments.” He goes further: Just as the automobile wasn’t just a faster horse carriage, but it transformed transport, lifestyle and urban planning – and the self-driving car will transform them yet again – Intel Optane will be equally transformative for the digital world. There’s a little more: “Datera with Intel Optane will transform the storage world: Together, we can deliver petabyte-scale data infrastructure with memory-class performance as a service, individually tailored to every workload on the fly and at scale. We can drive new digital experiences, such as interactive digital business on demand, real-time insights and immersive information. This is the dawn of the data era.” The “data era” from Datera... got it. ® Tips and corrections 11 Comments More from The Register Intel touts bug bounties to hardware hackers Website and Intel Security (McAfee) products excluded from 'Wild West' payouts scheme 2 Comments Intel reveals Optane will need a 7th-gen core and a PC-centric launch You're going to need a whole lot of Intel Inside to make this work 16 Comments Regular or premium? Intel pumps out Optane memory at CES CES 2017 Just a dash to Kaby Lake splash 20 Comments Intel swallows Tesla-hating self-driving car biz Mobileye for $15bn Sensor maker gets a massive payday as Chipzilla gobbles up more non-x86 tech 17 Comments Intel's Clear Containers creep toward being useful: Now plays nicer with Docker, Kubernetes Like virtual machines but, well, like virtual machines Intel's Q4 was 'terrific' and 'record setting' says CEO as profits dip How's that sacking 12,000 people thing going, Bri? 3 Comments Whitepapers Cox Automotive turbocharges customer experience Cox Automotive brands and businesses—including Manheim, autotrader, Kelley Blue Book, vAuto, and others are transforming the way the world buys, sells, and owns cars. Customer Communication Management in the Cloud In 2016, the world of customer communications management (CCM), one of the core operational areas for enterprises in the financial sector. Supermicro MicroBlade Powers One of the World’s Most Energy Efficient Data Centers A Fortune 100 Company has deployed over 30,000 Supermicro MicroBlade disaggregated Intel Xeon Technology as a catalyst for cultural change IT departments can do a lot to improve performance by optimising the infrastructure and the way they work internally Most read Oracle doing due diligence on Accenture. Yep, you read that right Your internet history on sale to highest bidder: US Congress votes to shred ISP privacy rules So my ISP can now sell my browsing history – what can I do? UK's 'homebrew firmware' Chinooks set to be usable a mere 16 years late I need an ISP that offers IPv6. Virgin Media: Whatevs, nerd Spotlight Manchester college swaps out disk for rackful of hybrid flash Sweet AFA: Pure sees flash of Big Blue as it drops to fifth behind IBM SolidFire chief talks up secret upcoming hyperconverged system The gospel according to Blockchain, or is it the other way round? Western Digital CTO Martin Fink refused El Reg's questions, but did write this sweet essay WD changes tack on its archiving array strategy but fails to tell anyone Symbolic IO CEO insists the IRIS i1 is more than a bunch of pretty lights HPE's Australian tax failures may have been user error Sponsored links Get The Register's Headlines in your inbox daily - quick signup! New from Avere - Cloud-Enabled Data Center for Dummies. Download now About us Who we are Contact us Advertise with us More content Under the hood Week’s headlines Top 20 stories Whitepapers Situation Publishing The Next Platform Continuous Lifecycle London M-cubed Webinars The Register - Independent news, views and opinion for the tech sector. Part of Situation Publishing Sign up to our Newsletters Join our daily or weekly newsletters, subscribe to a specific section or set News alerts Subscribe Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Cookies Privacy Ts&Cs
Sign in or Register   PCs & Laptops Value Desktops High End Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-one Desktops Value Laptops High End Laptops Gaming Laptops Ultraportable Laptops Misc PCs & Laptops Dell Store   Peripherals Monitors Printers Storage Keyboards & Mice Misc Peripherals Networking   Handhelds Budget Smartphones High-End Smartphones Tablets eReaders Wearables Misc Handhelds   Software Security Operating Systems Backup Office Suite Web Development Audio Video Photo Apps Misc Software   Components CPUs Motherboards Graphics Cards Storage Cases Power Supply Units Misc Components   Gadgets Photography & Video Home Theatre GPS Audio Virtual/Augmented reality Misc Gadgets     Hyper PixelCast   Forums Back Issues Search News • Reviews • Features • Galleries • A-List • Group Tests • Downloads • How To • Buy • Software Store Mobile Plans Broadband Plans Atomic Forums Upgrade Australia Home  »  Atomic  »  News Intel's Optane aims to give hard drives the speed of SSDs by Dale Walker  |  Wednesday 29 March 2017  | Comment Now Intel Optane Memory module 'can increase PC performance by up to 30%'. Intel has been working on a technology that it claims will boost older hard drives to the speeds of ultra-fast solid-state-drives (SSDs), a claim that could revitalise the aging hardware. The technology, known as Intel Optane Memory, is a specialised chip storage chip that sits in the M.2 storage slot on a motherboard, and comes as standard on boards designed for Intel's latest generation of Kaby Lake processors. It is currently available in 16GB or 32GB variants, providing a blisteringly fast cache that is able to increase the speed of older spinning hard drives. The memory module is capable of enhancing multiple aspects of a machine's performance, but most interestingly it promises to make hard drive access speeds up to 14 times faster. That means a traditional 1TB 7200RPM hard drive would be twice as responsive during daily tasks. Overall system performance would also increase by up to 30%, and actions like opening a clean browser would happen up to five times faster. Typically, processors can only access data as fast as the storage device will allow, which is often dependent on recall speeds and the transfer rate over the motherboard's connectors. By placing the memory module between the processor and SATA-based storage devices, such as hard drives or SSDs, it is able to store data and commonly-used programs in close proximity to the processor. The technology then chains together memory and storage into a single virtual drive that is accessible to the OS, which then uses Intel's Rapid Storage Technology to accelerate the rate at which actions can be performed, and prioritise the services you use most often. This has the effect of increasing start and boot times, file searching, multitasking, and the launching of applications. RAM has traditionally filled the role of storing frequently-used data for the processor to quickly access, but that technology is expensive to create at high capacities. Despite its name, Intel Optane Memory does not replace current RAM modules found on PC motherboards, nor does it act in the same way to power applications. Instead, the module is an optional performance enhancer that helps you squeeze the most out of current technology. While Intel has confirmed Optane Memory will boost the speeds of SSD storage, the biggest benefits will come from its effect on older hard drives that are generally much slower. Intel Optane Memory is set to launch on 24 April, priced at $US44 and $US77 for 16GB and 32GB respectively. The technology is only compatible with Intel's 7th generation Core i3, i5 and i7 processors, or Intel 200 series chipsets on desktop PC configurations, although laptop and notebook support will be available later. Related Articles Review: Seagate IronWolf 10TB NAS HDD Review: Venom BlackBook Zero 14 Review: Samsung 960 Evo SSD Review: Toshiba OCZ VX500 SSD Review: Seagate FireCuda 2TB Source: Copyright © ITPro, Dennis Publishing See more about:  hard drives  |  intel optane memory  |  performance  |  rapid storage technology   Tweet Email this Print this Feedback   Readers of this article also read...   How to: Expand your PS4 storage space with an external hard drive     Hands-on: Nintendo Switch is the console you’ve been waiting for     How to: Build a silent PC     The best Linux distributions for any purpose     First AMD Ryzen benchmarks appear   More in Atomic (1 of 10 articles) NEWS Intel's Optane aims to give hard drives the speed of SSDs << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (2 of 10 articles) NEWS New 12-core Ryzen processor spotted in the wild << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (3 of 10 articles) NEWS Sign up for MSI's community event next month << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (4 of 10 articles) NEWS MSI's new GTX 1080 Ti Gaming X card features TwinFrozr cooling << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (5 of 10 articles) FEATURE Friday Linky Links: Now with brains AND brawn << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (6 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Corsair One Pro gaming PC << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (7 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Benq Zowie XL2540 e-Sports monitor << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (8 of 10 articles) NEWS AMD also releases new Mass Effect: Andromeda-ready Radeon drivers << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (9 of 10 articles) REVIEW One Minute Review: Corsair Carbide 270R << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (10 of 10 articles) NEWS Get a peak at Gigabyte's new GeForce GTX 1080 Ti AORUS Xtreme video card << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> Most Read Most Discussed Powered by Disqus Latest Comments Powered by Disqus Latest in Atomic News Intel's Optane aims to give hard drives the speed of SSDs Review Review: Corsair One Pro gaming PC Feature Friday Linky Links: Now with brains AND brawn Group Test Group Test: X99 Motherboards shift into top gear Gallery Intel Extreme Masters' Expo show floor From our Partners     See more offers from the PC & Tech Authority Software Store     Sponsored Links Most popular tech stories Samsung Galaxy A5 review: who needs a premium phone? 7 accounting packages for Australian small businesses compared: including MYOB, QuickBooks Online, Reckon, Xero What's new in Windows 10's Creators Update How long will a UPS keep your computers on if the lights go out? How do I make sure my email is properly synced between all my computers? Meet the finalists in the 2017 CRN Impact Awards Insights and interchanges at CRN Pipeline Melbourne Cirrus Networks acquires NGage Technology Group Here are the best tech companies to work for in Australia Five things to know about Apple's new iPad Qantas cancels launch of free inflight wi-fi The CIO movements that made headlines in 2016 Rio Tinto engineer turns spare time into $44m Coca-Cola gives IT direct line into CEO Why Australia Post ransomwared its own staff 10 advanced tips for Rainbow Six Siege 20 key tips for succeeding at Rainbow Six Siege 18 pro tips from the Rainbow Six Siege world cup Six and out: Don Bradman Cricket 17 steps on its own wicket Spore: Dickbeasts... Dickbeasts everywhere! About Us  |  Sitemap  |  Newsletter Archive  |  A-List  |  Advice  |  Top 10  |  Mobile Site  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Newsletters  |  Contact Us Atomic MPC  |  BIT  |  CRN Australia  |  iTnews  |  PC PowerPlay  |  SC Magazine Copyright © 2017 nextmedia Pty Ltd. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorisation. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of nextmedia's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Login to PC & Tech Authority Username: * Username required Password: * Password required Remember me  |  Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Register now! To request a new password, please enter the email address linked to your PC & Tech Authority account and we'll send one to you. Email: * Email required * Invalid Email address * Invalid Email address Click here to return to Login Form Become part of PC & Tech Authority Join our site to get stuck in with comments and discussions with other passionate readers and tech fans, and stay up to date with the latest news and reviews through our range of newsletters. Email* * Email address required * Invalid Email address I have read and accept the privacy policy and terms and conditions and by submitting my email address I agree to receive the PC & Tech Authority daily newsletter and receive special offers on behalf of PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia and its valued partners. We will not share your details with third parties. 1) Login Details First Name* * First name req'd Last Name* * Last name req'd Username* * Username required Password* * Password required Confirm Password* * Password confirmation required * Passwords don't match! 2) About You Country* -- Select a Country -- Australia Afghanistan Albania Åland Islands Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Virgin Islands British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Côte d'Ivoire Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon French Southern Territories Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guam Guernsey Guinea Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Hong Kong Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Israel Isle of Man Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Jersey Korea Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Palestinian Territory, Occupied Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Qatar Puerto Rico Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Barthélemy Saint Lucia Saint Kitts & Nevis Saint Martin Saint Pierre & Miquelon Saint Vincent & the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands Soviet Union Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Timor-Leste Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay United States Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Yemen Western Sahara Zambia Zimbabwe World Asia Indochina Europe England Scotland Middle East Asia-Pacific Global Asean * Country req'd State* -- Select -- NSW QLD VIC SA WA ACT NT TAS * State req'd Post Code* * Post Code req'd Birth Year* -- Select -- 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 * Birth year required Employment Role* -- Select Role -- IT Business Owner IT Executive IT Professional IT Entry-level IT Sales Non IT Business Owner Non IT Executive Non IT Professional Non IT Entry-Level Non IT Sales Other If 'Other', enter below: * Role required Company Size* -- Select Size -- 1 - 9 10 - 49 50 - 99 100 - 249 250 - 499 500 - 999 1000 - 2499 2500+ * Company Size required I only want to subscribe to the Daily newsletter I'd also like to subscribe to: Weekly newsletter Atomic, Hyper and Gaming newsletter Gadgets and Stuff newsletter Downloads newsletter Already have an account? Log in here. Processing registration... Please wait. This process can take up to a minute to complete. Please check your email A confirmation email has been sent to your email address - SUPPLIED EMAIL HERE. Please click on the link in the email to verify your email address. You need to verify your email before you can start posting. If you do not receive your confirmation email within the next few minutes, it may be because the email has been captured by a junk mail filter. Please ensure you add the domain @pcauthority.com.au to your white-listed senders. Click here to close this message Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Wednesday, 29 March 2017 | MYT 6:00 AM How to figure out which processor is right for you Not all about the money: Price comparisons don’t really help when it comes to making sure your computer has the right processor for your needs. — dpa Intel Core i7-6800K or AMD Ryzen 5 1600X – who can decipher the combinations of numbers and letters that chip makers Intel and AMD give to their processors? And how can you decide which one is best for you? Price comparisons don’t really help. "If you want to buy a car, it’s not enough to compare the price of a model with different dealers," says Christian Herzog from German IT association Bitkom. "It is also not enough to simply compare two laptops when you buy a computer. You have to know what performance you want." The two big manufacturers Intel and AMD have a variety of processors on offer and their names provide information about their construction and performance. The simplest to figure out are Intel’s desktop processors. "Core i3, i5 and i7 are the basic performance class. The higher the better," says Michael Schmelzle from PC Welt magazine. "The Core i7 are high-end versions with four or more CPU (Central Processor Unit) cores, hyper-threading and high clock speeds," says Christian Hirsch from c’t magazine. Core i5 are mid-range chips with four cores while Celeron, Pentium and Core i3 are two-core chips. "The variants with U in the name are economical dual cores, those with HQ or HK are more powerful quad cores," Hirsch explains. Intel chips also have a four-digit number. “The first position stands for the microarchitecture generation, the higher, the more modern – the current generation is the seventh generation,” says Schmelzle. The second position is the clock frequency or computing power – again, the higher the better. There are also letters. X stands for high power, S or LM for reduced power consumption and a T or UM mean greatly reduced power consumption. In the case of Intel’s competitor, AMD, the Ordering Part Number (OPN) gives information about the model, base type and other properties of the chip, explains Herzog. The CPU series is easy to recognise: there’s the A series and the FX series. “The Series A processors include a graphics unit: CPUs of type A12, A10 and A8 have four cores, the A6 and A4 have two,” says Hirsch. High-end processors for gaming computers use the FX series. The first figure shows how many cores the CPU has – for example the FX-8350 has eight cores. The second figure refers to the CPU microarchitecture and the third to the clock rate. “The higher it is, the higher the workload,” Schmelzle says. In the A series the four digits indicate the clock rate – the higher the number, the higher the computing power. In the case of AMD’s new Ryzen chips the higher the number is, the more cores and the higher the clock frequency. But which processor is suitable for which purpose? “In general, always buy the current processor generation of AMD or Intel,” advises Schmelzle. These will bring the most modern capabilities and the lowest power consumption. For the latest 3D games, he recommends CPUs with at least four cores. And if the PC is intended for image processing and video editing it should have four cores and a speed of at least 3 GHz (Intel) or 3.5 GHz (AMD). "For simple office applications, two-core Intel chips such as Celeron, Pentium und Core i3 are sufficient," says Hirsch. For surfing the web and writing e-mails any current computer will do, Herzog says – regardless of what CPU it has inside. —  dpa Related Stories You May Be Interested New console and mobile games: the Nintendo comeback continues Toshiba's Westinghouse to file for Chapter 11: Japan Government VenusFX forex scammers swindle RM80mil from 23,000 victims Fantastic Australian wildlife experiences and where to find them Govt will not table RUU355 Bill Digi spearheads digital learning trend among employees Others Also Read Participants find topics useful and motivating EU says China, EU must show joint leadership on climate as U.S. pulls back Don't throw, recycle instead advertisement Latest News A scramble at Cisco exposes uncomfortable truths about US cyber defence Top EU court to weigh in on luxury brands' attempts to ban online sales Ride-hailing firm Careem on lookout for acquisitions, IPO an option Audi's unions demand electric model for main German plant Waymo self-driving unit sought arbitration over engineer now at Uber Most Viewed in Tech Samsung supersizes the screen with the Galaxy S8 and S8+ Ride-hailing firm Careem on lookout for acquisitions, IPO an option KPMG demonstrates real-time threat monitoring capability with new Cyber and Digital Hub Garmin launches sporty Fenix 5 in three sizes Audi's unions demand electric model for main German plant A scramble at Cisco exposes uncomfortable truths about US cyber defence Top EU court to weigh in on luxury brands' attempts to ban online sales New Android O: less power consumption and more ease of use StarCraft: Remastered announced for mid-2017 New console and mobile games: the Nintendo comeback continues Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
REGISTER | LOGIN PROFILE | LOGOUT Sign Up / Sign In {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign In Welcome Back {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Use another account Registration Please confirm the information below before signing in. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* emailAddress *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* displayName *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* addressCountry *} {* companyName *} {* eetimesJobfunction *} {* jobFunctionOther *} {* eetimesIndustry *} {* industryOther *} {* optInRegistration *} {* optAgree *} {* optShare *} {* siteName *} {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Thank You for Registering Please wait you will be redirected shortly. Create New Password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create New Password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below, and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Sign in Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Sign in Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Sign in Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email below, and we'll send you another email. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close About Us Home News Opinion Messages Authors Video Slideshows Teardown Education EELife Events Android Automotive Embedded Industrial Control Internet of Things MCU Medical Memory Open Source PCB Planet Analog Power Management Programmable Logic Prototyping SoC Test & Measurement Wireless & Networking Breaking News NEWS & ANALYSIS: Q'comm Names CTO, Girds for NXP Influx NEWS & ANALYSIS: MaxLinear to Buy Exar for $700 Million NEWS & ANALYSIS: Intel Unveils 10, 22nm Processes BLOG: Uber Crash Exposes V2X Politics NEWS & ANALYSIS: Patent Trolls Plague Chip Vendors NEWS & ANALYSIS: Intel Pumps Up PCs with Optane News & Analysis Intel Unveils 10, 22nm Processes Transistor-density metric proposed Rick Merritt 3/28/2017 08:45 PM EDT 13 comments 1 saves Login to Rate Tweet SAN FRANCISCO – Intel will start making 10nm chips this year it claims will lead the industry in transistor density using a metric it challenged rivals to adopt. Separately, it announced a 22nm low-power FinFET node to compete for foundry business with fully depleted silicon-on-insulator (FD-SOI) from rivals such as Globalfoundries. At 10nm, Intel will pack 100.8 million transistors per square millimeter. It estimated 10nm foundry processes now in production from TSMC and Samsung have about half that density. Intel’s metric averages density of a small and a large logic cell. Specifically, it uses a two-input NAND cell with two active gates and a scan flip-flop cell with as many as 25 active gates. “I think it’s a comprehensive, quantitative and honest metric,” said Mark Bohr, a senior fellow and director of process architecture and integration. “TSMC and, I think, Samsung used to quote it, but my guess is they weren’t looking very good with this metric anymore,” he said. Intel proposed rivals resurrect this density metric to define nodes.Click to enlarge. The existing metric of multiplying gate pitch and cell height gives a relative advance between nodes, rather than an absolute number of a node’s capability. In addition, it does not include a variety of factors embraced by the density metric Intel proposed, Bohr added. Whatever the metrics, Intel said it will start making 10nm Cannonlake chips in the second half of this year, three years after it launched its 14nm process. It expects to continue a three-year cadence, stretching 10nm with two annual upgrades to be called 10+ and 10++. “Even with the longer time between nodes, we’re staying on the same cost per transistor curve and we expect this will continue through the 10nm generation,” said Stacy Smith, executive vice president of Intel’s fab and sales groups. Interestingly, Intel’s 14++ sports higher performance than its initial 10nm process. However the 10nm node delivers lower power and higher density. Intel gave more details than usual about its 10nm node. The x86 giant needed to be more forthcoming to show its advantages over 10nm processes already in production at foundry rivals TSMC and Samsung. Specifically, Intel’s10nm node sports: 34nm fin pitches 53nm fin heights 36nm minimum metal pitches 272nm cell heights 54nm gate pitches Intel claimed the node sports the tightest gate and metal pitches in the industry and marks the industry’s first use of self-align quad patterning. FinFETs are 25 percent taller and more closely packed than on its 14nm node. The company described two transistor innovations to compensate for the rising costs of more lithography patterning steps. A contact-over-active-gate (COAG) helps deliver an additional 10 percent density; a single rather than double dummy gate at 10nm provides additional scaling advantages. Next page: Praise for 10nm, mixed reactions for metric Intel claimed its 10nm process is twice as dense as rival nodes. (Images: Intel) Email This Print Comment Page 1 / 4 Next > More Related Links EDA Sales Jump Most in Five Years Roadmap Says CMOS Ends ~2024 Asian Tech Investment in U.S. May Rise TSMC Tips 7+, 12, 22nm Nodes The Arrow Quadro IoT Wi-Fi Kit: A Faster Route to Success in the Internet of Things Market -- SPONSORED CONTENT Comments View Comments: Newest First | Oldest First | Threaded View [close this box] Page 1 / 2   >   >> User Rank Author Re: Do we need a standard metric or metrics? resistion   3/30/2017 2:03:21 AM NO RATINGS Login to Rate Might have to be something like ns/nm^2, if we use capacitance per unit length and resistance per unit length. Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Author Re: Do we need a standard metric or metrics? rick merritt   3/30/2017 1:57:30 AM NO RATINGS Login to Rate @resistion:  Is there a specific formula or unit (like Intel's MTrans/mm2) you can give? Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Author Re: Do we need a standard metric or metrics? resistion   3/29/2017 10:59:12 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate I think an RC-based metric would be useful. Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Rookie Re: Sorry, but Intel does not have process lead paul.jhnson   3/29/2017 9:16:14 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate Intel clearly has process lead if it can deliver at 10nm with impressive 54 gate/36 metal pitch. No doubt it is giving them a distinct advantage over competitors. This is separate from layout being 6T/7.5T which in the end affects the density, but even then, I think Intel still seems to be ahead on average. The big question is, what is the performance gain compared to the previous generation. That seems to be shrinking. Right now it doesn't sound to offer a big leap, but is to be seen. BSFoundries (not even worth mentioning in the same article) can only dream about such densities. They better hope Intel 22FFL won't make FDSOI obsolote before they can export jobs and IP over to China. It's too much to ask for from a company where developing technology is only an afterthought. Especially when they lack the talent to do so. 22FFL rules look very easy for Intel to yield quickly, will be very interesting to watch if it performs as promised. Competition from TSMC will be fierce. Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Author Do we need a standard metric or metrics? rick merritt   3/29/2017 8:40:42 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate Good discussion here. I'd like to focus it a bit: For chip designers looking to compare nodes, will Intel's density metric be useful? Are there two or three other key technical metrics needed to round out the picture? If so, what are they? Thx     Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Author Re: Sorry, but Intel does not have process lead photonic   3/29/2017 3:17:27 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate This is the story that is important, not how many companies Intel is buying. Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Rookie Re: Sorry, but Intel does not have process lead Left5   3/29/2017 2:04:49 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate Also, while it's true Intel has tighter metal pitch (36 versus 40nm), TSMC is using a 6 track standard cell, while Intel is using 7.5 track. So, considering the other factors (dummy gates, etc.) it's not very clear which is denser. Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Author Re: Sorry, but Intel does not have process lead m00nshine   3/29/2017 1:06:16 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate Which company has the "best" processors? The one that has the "best" metric? How about the company that makes the most $$ with their chips has the best chips? Also, this http://www.taiwannews.com.tw/en/news/3121282 Also, I thought betamax was "better" than VHS... Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Rookie Re: Sorry, but Intel does not have process lead Left5   3/29/2017 12:41:40 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate TSMC customers will tape out 7nm designs this quarter. The volume will be high, for the iPhone to launch. Yield has to be around 90%+ for it to enter volume production. http://appleinsider.com/articles/17/01/03/tmsc-on-track-for-volume-production-of-7nm-chips-for-iphone-ipad-in-2018 Intel only release 10nm at end of 2017 for only low volume 2 core products and there is doubt that they can even deliver that: http://marketrealist.com/2017/03/could-intels-10nm-node-face-another-delay/  Obviously, performance is targetted towards smartphone SoC's, not PC's, but they will have a 7nm HPC process later. Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Freelancer Re: Sorry, but Intel does not have process lead witeken   3/29/2017 12:07:40 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate Coming in 2018. On what volume? Late in the year (7nm not even taped out yet). So that will still be a year lead from Intel. And how do you know it will be just as dense? Firstly, TSMC has looser metal pitch (40nm vs. 36nm). Secondly, does TSMC have the single dummy gates (20% density improvement) or the COAG (10% IIRC). So end-chip density might still be appreciably higher; time to market will be up to a year earlier; and time to market also depends on what yield a company is willing to go into manufacturing which I strongly suspect is lower for TSMC. And lastly, how will performance and power compare? For instance, Intel will be in its 2nd generation air gaps.   Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board Page 1 / 2   >   >> Most Recent Comments                 3/30/2017 2:03:21 AM resistion Might have to be something like ns/nm^2, if we use capacitance per unit length and resistance per unit length. 3/30/2017 2:03:21 AM resistion Might have to be something like ns/nm^2, if we use capacitance per unit length and resistance per unit length. 3/30/2017 1:57:30 AM rick merritt @resistion:  Is there a specific formula or unit (like Intel's MTrans/mm2) you can give? 3/29/2017 10:59:12 PM resistion I think an RC-based metric would be useful. 3/29/2017 9:16:14 PM paul.jhnson Intel clearly has process lead if it can deliver at 10nm with impressive 54 gate/36 metal pitch. No doubt it is giving them a distinct advantage over competitors. This is... 3/29/2017 8:53:21 PM rick merritt @fragro: Great points! Supposedly there was a workshop at the recent Open Compute Project meeting on the future of hard drives in the data center, but I have not been able to... 3/29/2017 8:40:42 PM rick merritt Good discussion here. I'd like to focus it a bit: For chip designers looking to compare nodes, will Intel's density metric be useful? Are there two or three other key technical... 3/29/2017 7:23:26 PM jnissen I'm not the most popular guy with a subject line like the above. The reality is there are thousands of lawyers just salivating at the prospect of a deep pocket company like Google,... 3/29/2017 5:03:20 PM rxx12345 Having been inspired by the Presto "hot dogger" in his childhood, Max travels through time delivering justice to evil despots throughout history with his electric weiner-on-a-... 3/29/2017 4:59:17 PM sixscrews V2V - huh? How about horse to horse? wb Navigate to Related Links EDA Sales Jump Most in Five Years Roadmap Says CMOS Ends ~2024 Asian Tech Investment in U.S. May Rise TSMC Tips 7+, 12, 22nm Nodes The Arrow Quadro IoT Wi-Fi Kit: A Faster Route to Success in the Internet of Things Market -- SPONSORED CONTENT Datasheets.com Parts Search 185 million searchable parts (please enter a part number or hit search to begin) Cartoon Contest March 2017 Cartoon Caption Contest: "Beware the Ides..." "Your caption here!" 96 comments All Cartoons February 2017 Cartoon Caption Contest: "The Techno-Cupid of Cognizance" "After an extensive search, Cupid successfully bags a well-equipped man for his client." 126 comments All Cartoons Most Commented Most Popular  70   Is 60 Really the New 40 or Am I Being ...  51   What the English Say versus What the ...  49   What's a Good Name for a Future Engineer?  47   Evolution of Microcomputers: Personal ...  46   Are Kids No Longer Learning Multiplication ...  26   Why 'Toyota's Killer Firmware' May Not ...  25   What's This Screeching Sound & Why Does it ...  25   Hydrogen Fuel Cells: DOE Finds Faster, ...  24   The (Electronic) Pencil is Mightier than ...  22   Intel Boots Drives with 3D XPoint  13   Intel Unveils 10, 22nm Processes  12   Uber Yanks Robo-Cars after Arizona Crash  11   Want More Pi?  11   Intel Pumps Up PCs with Optane  11   In Space, No One Can Hear You Scream for ...  4   Welcome to the Age of Continuous Innovation  3   OFC Debates Road to Photonic ICs  3   Networking Furiously at ESC Boston 2017  2   Roadmap Says CMOS Ends ~2024  2   Uber Crash Exposes V2X Politics Like Us on Facebook EE Times on Twitter follow us Tweets about "from:eetimes" ASPENCORE NETWORK EBN | EDN | EE Times | EEWeb | Electronic Products | Electronics-Tutorials | Embedded | Planet Analog | ElectroSchematics | Power Electronics News | TechOnline | Datasheets.com | Embedded Control Europe | Embedded Know How | Embedded News | IOT Design Zone | Motor Control Design | Electronics Know How | GLOBAL NETWORK EE Times Asia | EE Times China | EE Times Europe | EE Times India | EE Times Japan | EE Times Taiwan | EDN Asia | EDN China | EDN Taiwan | EDN Japan | ESM China | Working With Us: About | Contact Us | Media Kits Terms of Service | Privacy Statement | Copyright © 2017 AspenCore All Rights Reserved To rate this item, click on a rating below. [close this box]   To save this item to your list of favorite EE Times content so you can find it later in your Profile page, click the "Save It" button next to the item.   If you found this interesting or useful, please use the links to the services below to share it with other readers. You will need a free account with each service to share an item via that service. Tweet This [close this box] Latest News Semiconductor News Blogs Message Boards Advanced Technology Analog Boards/Buses Electromechanical Embedded Tools FPGAs/PLDs IP/EDA Logic & Interfaces Memory Operating Systems Optoelectronics Passives Power Processors RF/Microwave Sensors & Transducers Test & Measurement ARM Techcon DesignCon Designers of Things ESC EETimes University Tech Papers Courses    Fundamentals Webinars Design West DesignCon ARM Techcon
Investing Trading Credit Markets Options Technology Energy LoginMy Member Benefitsarchivesresearchyour teamabout usFAQLog out Share This Article Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Reddit Print Email Pinterest Delicious StumbleUpon Gmail Yahoo Tumblr Digg Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor Let Me Give You Seven Good Reasons This 41% Gain Is Just the Beginning We’re getting a surprisingly strong – and quick – payout from our play on the “Green Revolution.” So strong, in fact, that I wanted to revisit it here. Full Story This is premium content for paid-up Private Briefing subscribers only. How would you like to put an extra $125,000 in your nest egg? You can potentially do it this year - and you'll only have to risk $20 to learn how. Click here. Our FlagshipMoney Morning Michael A. Robinson'sStrategic Tech Investor Shah Gilani'sWall Street Insights & Indictments YourProfit Alerts Keith Fitz-Gerald'sTotal Wealth Dr. Kent Moors'Oil & Energy Investor Tom Gentile'sPower Profit Trades Michael Lewitt's Sure Money D.R. Barton's10 Minute Millionaire Research ServicesMoney Map Press Archives Research Your Team About Us FAQ Videos Login to My Account Visit Money Map Press Forget your password? Not a member? Investing Trading Credit Markets Options Technology Energy HOME Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: As Silicon Valley Takes Over Detroit, Here's Where to Put Your Money Message: URL: https://mney.co/2mMkhZe 6  +   =  7 Required Please enter the correct value. Share Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: As Silicon Valley Takes Over Detroit, Here's Where to Put Your Money Message: URL: https://mney.co/2mMkhZe 6  ×  four  =  Required Please enter the correct value. get daily headlines subscribe now! today's private briefing Twitter one response Technology As Silicon Valley Takes Over Detroit, Here's Where to Put Your Money This expert insight from Michael A. Robinson originally ran in Strategic Tech Investor on March 21, 2017 View Comments Start the conversation Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website four  −  3  =  Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Michael A. Robinson Imagine this. You or the manufacturer mount a device on your dashboard. As the device's software algorithms "interpret" a video feed in real-time, it detects anything in your car's path – pedestrians, other vehicles, animals, large debris – and your distance from it. If the software interprets what it "sees" as "trouble," it alerts the driver with a series of beeps and flashing lights. It can also "read" and interpret traffic signs and signals. No, this isn't a driverless car yet – you still need to hit the brakes – but it's a big part of the advanced driver assistance systems (ADAS) that will get us there. And to me at least, it's pretty amazing technology. Intel Corp. (Nasdaq: INTC) thinks so, too. It picked up the developer of this technology for $15.3 billion last week – catalyzing the much smaller firm's stock up 30% that day. And suddenly Wall Street has fallen in love with the "car of the future"? We know better. In fact, you're way ahead of the Street. We were in this stock years ago – and another "car of the future" company that got acquired recently – and we've made a bundle on both. So let's go over those two deals today – see what happened and exactly how much money we made. And then we'll take a look at what I think is the best pick in the connected and driverless vehicle space right now. It'll be good for a very quick 30% pop in your portfolio. And that's something you'll be able to brag about to your friends and family. Or maybe you'll save your bragging for the showroom – where you can use those gains to pick up a connected car yourself. Take a look… Your Guy on the Inside I have to admit: We have an unfair advantage over Wall Street when it comes to seeing the worth auto technology. I was an auto analyst in Detroit in the early 1980s and saw firsthand how new tech even back then was reshaping the industry. Over the years, I've combined that deep expertise with my 33-year background as a Silicon Valley insider. That's why I was able to start sharing the news about "the car of the future" with you folks several years ago. And it's why you've been able to make quite a bit of money in this sector – before Wall Street really caught wind of it. Here's the real story – a point I've made several times over the past few years… The auto sector's power has shifted from Detroit to the Silicon Valley. The fact that Intel gladly shelled out $15.3 billion, the second-largest deal it has ever made, to buy Mobileye NV (Nasdaq: MBLY) – the developer of that ADAS technology I described above – pretty much proves it. This deal – again, a $15.3 billion deal – demonstrates the huge value created by tech firms that establish a strong foundation in connected and self-driving cars. The Boston Consulting Group (BCG) forecasts 12 million fully autonomous vehicles leaving factories each year by 2035, with an even larger figure of partially autonomous vehicles doing the same. In dollar terms, we're talking about a $42 billion market by 2025… and $77 billion by 2035. To work as promised, these cars will need catlike reflexes and the smarts of a supercomputer. Intel sees its purchase of Mobileye as a foundation to create a "server on wheels." Like I showed you, Mobileye's systems help cars "see" and process all the visual data around them. A lot of this tech is already on the road. Keeping a car in its own lane even if the driver is distracted is just one of the safety payoffs that Mobileye and other ADAS developers provide. I recommended Mobileye to you folks on March 31, 2015. I noted that many automakers – Audi AG, Ford Motor Co. (NYSE: F), General Motors Co. (NYSE: GM), Tesla Inc. (Nasdaq: TSLA), and Volvo AB among them – had turned over the keys of their driverless vehicle programs to Mobileye. If you acted on my recommendation, you're sitting on gains of 44%. Samsung Pulls Out Its Checkbook Mobileye wasn't the only big winner I picked in this space. Back in December 2015, we saw how Harman International Industries Inc. had basically pioneered auto tech innovation. I noted that "3D navigation, multimedia systems, Bluetooth integration, smart apps for mobile users… even cloud-computing services for the car," were all developed by Harman. And I recommended it as a way to capitalize on this unstoppable trend. Fast-forward to November 2016 – and Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. (OTC: SSNLF) moved to buy Harman for $8 billion, handing investors a 28% one-day gain when the deal was announced. Like Intel, Samsung has no desire to become an automaker. But these firms do want to play a major role in bridging the worlds of transportation and technology – of Detroit and Silicon Valley. And the fastest way to build a strong presence here is to write a very large check… The Next Big Play With those big deals in place – and money in our pocket – let's turn our focus to the best pick in the connected and driverless vehicle space right now. Delphi Automotive Plc. (Nasdaq: DLPH), which started out as an auto-parts subsidiary of GM, now develops and markets hundreds of small components and systems that work together to seamlessly provide the ADAS tech that is appearing in more and more new cars and trucks. Delphi also provides a broad range of other systems, including powertrains, dashboards, safety gear, and security devices. But in a sure sign of this firm's commitment to the car of the future, it has shifted more than 5,000 engineers – fully one-fourth of its R&D staff – to develop the hardware and software needed to stay on the leading edge of ADAS… the "prologue" to fully autonomous cars. Delphi's $16.6 billion sales base makes it perhaps the key tech supplier of the auto industry. It counts just about every major nameplate as a customer. So if we look at Delphi as an acquisition target, we know it won't end up in the hands of one of those automakers. But in the tech sector – where firms like Intel and Samsung are seeking to dominate the "car of the future" space – Delphi represents something of a crown jewel. So don't be surprised if a Silicon Valley or East Asian tech powerhouse goes after it. Let's get one thing clear, though. I'm not suggesting you get caught up in Wall Street's mergers-and-acquisitions rumor mill. That's a lousy strategy almost guaranteed to lose you money. What happens to most retail investors is they pile in on a rumor, and when the expected merger fails to come through, the stock gets pounded. There's only one way I know of to pick good merger candidates: Select big winners in breakout tech sectors that promise to hand you market-crushing gains. Then think of any merger that follows as icing on the cake. But you need good "cake" in the first place. Delphi has a great deal of current momentum as well. Fourth-quarter profits of $1.83 a share were nearly 15% ahead of forecasts. Robust profits helped this firm post a 74% return on equity in 2016, among the highest of any firm in the auto parts industry – or any other industry for that matter. Delphi Automotive opened today at $81.50, and the firm has a market value of $21.4 billion. Shares trades for less than 12 times projected 2018 profits, a roughly 35% discount from the S&P 500. I'm projecting 30% gains over the next 24 to 28 months – and that's a conservative projection. No, that's not based on any buyout offer we might see. Instead, Delphi is a great stock to have in your portfolio, because it's looking at a lot of growth in an unstoppable tech trend. It's good cake. Michael is following some explosive developments in the fast-growing cannabis sector. In fact, he’s predicting it could offer some of the market’s biggest gains this year – no matter what the Trump administration says. He’s recommending a basket of 30 pot stocks in his “weed investors’ bible,” The Roadmap to Marijuana Millions. Click here to learn how to get your copy. Follow me on Facebook and Twitter. Related Reports: Strategic Tech Investor: You Can't Afford Not to Invest in This Latest Technology Strategic Tech Investor: This Mid-Cap Company Connects 25 Million Cars – and Beats the Market by 79% Strategic Tech Investor: The Stock Market Just Achieved Singularity The post As Silicon Valley Takes Over Detroit, Here's Where to Put Your Money appeared first on Strategic Tech Investor. Join the conversation. Click here to jump to comments… Michael A. Robinson About the Author Browse Michael's articles | View Michael's research services Michael A. Robinson is one of the top financial analysts working today. His book "Overdrawn: The Bailout of American Savings" was a prescient look at the anatomy of the nation's S&L crisis, long before the word "bailout" became part of our daily lexicon. He's a Pulitzer Prize-nominated writer and reporter, lauded by the Columbia Journalism Review for his aggressive style. His 30-year track record as a leading tech analyst has garnered him rave reviews, too. Today he is the editor of the monthly tech investing newsletter Nova-X Report as well as Radical Technology Profits, where he covers truly radical technologies – ones that have the power to sweep across the globe and change the very fabric of our lives – and profit opportunities they give rise to. He also explores "what's next" in the tech investing world at Strategic Tech Investor. … Read full bio (1) COMMENTS FACEBOOK COMMENTS TAGS Wayne Hamilton | March 28, 2017 Do you have any research or information on LCI becoming the fuel of the future for automobiles, truck, etc? Thanks, Wayne Reply Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website seven  +  3  =  Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Private Briefing Login with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor TODAY'S INSIGHT Let Me Give You Seven Good Reasons This 41% Gain Is Just the Beginning Forget your password? Not a member? Profit Alerts Never miss a profit pick again. Choose from the topics below to receive our money-making recommendations in real time. Best Investments Alerts Gold and Silver Alerts Breaking Stories Marijuana Industry Updates Don't forget choose a topic. View all topics Daily Market Strategies Before the Bell Preview After Market Roundup Breaking Stories Profit Strategies Best Investments Alerts Trading Strategy Alerts Retirement Tips Options Trading Stock Market Crash Insurance Hot Trends Marijuana Industry Updates Cybersecurity Updates Wall Street Scam Watch Bitcoin/Cryptocurrency Updates Politics Alerts Financial Regulation Alerts Terrorism Watch Conspiracy Theories Alerts U.S. Economy Fed Watch Housing Market Updates Economic Data Alerts Bond Market Watch Global Markets US Dollar Alerts China and All Asia Alerts Europe Alerts Emerging Economies Alerts Currencies Watch Stocks Biotech and Pharma Alerts Penny Stocks Alerts Energy Watch Tech Watch Dividend Stocks Alerts Small Cap Stocks Alerts Apple Updates Facebook Updates Amazon Updates Google Updates Exxon Updates IPO Watch Stocks to Watch Commodities Gold and Silver Alerts Oil and Gas Alerts Alternative Energy Alerts Metals Updates Expert Insight Keith Fitz-Gerald Michael Lewitt Dr Kent Moors Michael A Robinson Shah Gilani Tom Gentile William Patalon III D R Barton Jr Sid Riggs Ernie Tremblay Enter email: Submit We respect your privacy. Learn more. Select Topics & Save Latest News March 29, 2017 By Tom Gentile Leave a Comment The Three Safest Places to Park Your Money in a Bear Market March 29, 2017 By Garrett Baldwin Leave a Comment Dow Jones News: Markets Flat as United Kingdom Begins Brexit Process March 29, 2017 By Stark Merrifield Leave a Comment How to Plan for Retirement in 2017: 3 Common Mistakes Couples Can Avoid Trending Posts 9056 Reads 44 Likes Top Marijuana Stocks to Watch This Week (March 27) For the top marijuana stocks to watch this week, we have two companies on our radar making bold products. Here's what you need to know... 7051 Reads 20 Likes The One Company You'll Want to Own Before Brexit Negotiations Start News broke last week that the United Kingdom ... will formally initiate that nation's departure from the European Union...known as "Brexit." Today's Markets DJIA -42.18 (0.20%) 20,659.32 NASDAQ 22.41 (0.38%) 5,897.55 S&P 2.56 (0.11%) 2,361.13 ABOUT MONEY MORNING Money Morning gives you access to a team of ten market experts with more than 250 years of combined investing experience – for free. Our experts – who have appeared on FOXBusiness, CNBC, NPR, and BloombergTV – deliver daily investing tips and stock picks, provide analysis with actions to take, and answer your biggest market questions. Our goal is to help our millions of e-newsletter subscribers and Moneymorning.com visitors become smarter, more confident investors. QUICK LINKS About Us How Money Morning Works FAQs Contact Us Search Article Archive Forgot Username/Password Login to Private Briefing FREE NEWSLETTERS Strategic Tech Investor Oil & Energy Investor Total Wealth Research Wall Street Insights & Indictments Power Profit Trades Sure Money Investor 10 Minute Millionaire PREMIUM SERVICES Money Map Press Home Money Map Report Energy Advantage Nova-X Report Private Briefing Energy Inner Circle High Velocity Profits Biotech Insider Alert Capital Wave Forecast Radical Technology Profits Stealth Profits Trader Short-Side Fortunes The Delta Factor Money Calendar Alert Weekly Cash Clock Zenith Trading Circle Get In Touch Like Our Page Follow Us Watch Us on YouTube © 2017 Money Morning All Rights Reserved. Protected by copyright of the United States and international treaties. Any reproduction, copying, or redistribution (electronic or otherwise, including the world wide web), of content from this webpage, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited without the express written permission of Money Morning. Address: 16 W. Madison St. Baltimore, MD, 21201 | Phone: 888.384.8339 I Disclaimer | Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Whitelist Us You may choose from these hot topics to start receiving our money-making recommendations in real time. Don't forget choose a topic. Best Investments Alerts Gold and Silver Alerts Breaking Stories Marijuana Industry Updates View all topics Interested in other topics? You can add more alerts below. Daily Market Updates:Select All Before the Bell Preview After Market Roundup Breaking Stories Profit Strategies:Select All Best Investments Alerts Trading Strategy Alerts Retirement Tips Options Trading Stock Market Crash Insurance Hot Trends:Select All Marijuana Industry Updates Cybersecurity Updates Wall Street Scam Watch Bitcoin/Cryptocurrency Updates Politics Alerts Financial Regulation Alerts Terrorism Watch Conspiracy Theories Alerts U.S. Economy:Select All Fed Watch Housing Market Updates Economic Data Alerts Bond Market Watch Global Markets:Select All US Dollar Alerts China and All Asia Alerts Europe Alerts Emerging Economies Alerts Currencies Watch Stocks:Select All Biotech and Pharma Alerts Penny Stocks Alerts Energy Watch Tech Watch Dividend Stocks Alerts Small Cap Stocks Alerts Apple Updates Facebook Updates Amazon Updates Google Updates Exxon Updates IPO Watch Stocks to Watch Commodities:Select All Gold and Silver Alerts Oil and Gas Alerts Alternative Energy Alerts Metals Updates Expert Insight:Select All Keith Fitz-Gerald Michael Lewitt Dr Kent Moors Michael A Robinson Shah Gilani Tom Gentile William Patalon III D R Barton Jr Sid Riggs Ernie Tremblay Enter email: Submit We respect your privacy. Learn more. Select Topics & Save
GoodGearGuide TwitterFacebookGoogle+Log In Phones TVs Computing Apps Cloud Brand Centres Components Desktop PCs Laptops & Convertibles Monitors Networking & WiFi Security Servers & Storage Software & Services Tablets & eBook Windows Hardware & Software Batteries & Energy Blu-ray Cameras (Stills) Cameras (Video) Virtual Assistants Drones Gadgets GPS and Sat Nav Headphones & Earbuds Home Appliances Home Theatre & Entertainment Media Streamers Printers, Scanners & MFDs Set Top Boxes and PVR Smart Watch & Wearables Smart Home Software & Services Speakers VR and AR Wireless routers & networking Business Centre Business Center Home Cloud Cryptocurrency, Bitcoin & Blockchain eCommerce & Retail Fintech Govt. & Telecomms Hardware Innovation IoT Mobility NBN Networking Search Security Servers & Storage Software & Dev Whitepapers Games & Gaming Console PC More 3D Printing A.I. Car Tech Books Broadband Coding & Hacking Copyright & DRM Education Events Fashion Google Government Health Internet Kids & Toys Music & Audio NBN Netflix & SVOD New & Future Tech Privacy Quantum Computing Recycling & Green Tech Science & Space Social Media Sports Robots Tor & Darknet Travel Web/Geek/Nerd culture Wikileaks & Censorship Shop Good Gear Guide > News > Future Intel CPUs could be cobbled together using ... Future Intel CPUs could be cobbled together using different parts Intel could tap a new high-speed interconnect to join different chips together to make future CPUs. Gordon Mah Ung (PC World (US online)) on 29 March, 2017 10:30 0 - - - - print email IDG Today’s processors, made using a single continuous slab of silicon, may soon give way to multiple chips interconnected at high speeds, Intel said Tuesday morning. Intel said its new Embedded Multi-die Interconnect Bridge, or EMIB, technology would let a 22nm chip connect to a 10nm chip and a 14nm chip, all on the same processor. “For example, we can mix high-performance blocks of silicon and IP together with low-power elements made from different nodes for extreme optimization,” said Intel’s Murthy Renduchintala, who heads the Client, IoT, and Systems Architecture Group. That’s a radical departure from how the company has constructed most CPUs and SoCs, where all components of a CPU or SoC are built on the same process. Renduchintala didn’t commit EMIB to any particular upcoming SoC or CPU but said it was clear the tech would play a large role in near-term and long-term products from Intel. Renduchintala said EMIB can hit “multi hundreds of gigabytes” speeds while reducing latency by four times over traditional multichip techniques. “It’s truly a transformational technology for Intel,” he said. Intel Today’s CPUs are monolithic designs with all of the functionality built on the same process technology. With EMIB, Intel could build the CPU and graphics cores on a bleeding-edge 10nm process and keep lower-performance components on 14nm. Still other parts that might actually benefit from being fabbed on, say, the 22nm process, such as power circuits, could stick to the larger process. At one point Intel dabbled with integrating the voltage regulation into the CPU with its 4th-gen Haswell and 5th-gen Broadwell chips. With 6th-gen Skylake and 7th-gen Kaby Lake though, the integrated voltage regulation was yanked, which some believed was due to problems scaling the fully integrated voltage regulator down to 14nm. An EMIB version could potentially keep the FIVR at 22nm. Intel Future CPUs from Intel could fuse together multiple process technologies. It isn’t the first time Intel has considered fusing two chips together in one CPU. The original Pentium Pro design was a multichip package as was the Core 2 Quad series of CPUs. EMIB is far more advanced though, and is constructed within the silicon itself. A traditional multichip package design runs wires through the substrate that the chips are mounted to. That limits the amount of wires and speeds they can run at. Another method is to use a silicon interposer to connect the dies. While this yields high wire density and high performance, it’s expensive to manufacturer. EMIB essentially makes it far easier to combine chips without giving up much of the performance. Intel Intel says its Embedded Multi-die Interconnect Bridge is more cost effective than methods that use an interposer to connect chips and offers far better performance than multichip package designs. Although Intel made a point of highlighting EMIB at its technology and manufacturing day for press and financial analysts, this isn’t EMIB’s first use. Intel actually introduced it with the Altera Stratix 10, which used EMID to construct the SoC. Intel Intel is already fabbing the Altera Stratix 10 by joining together multiple chips using its new EMIB interconnect. Windows 10 / HP Spectre x360 More from Microsoft Windows 10 Join the Good Gear Guide newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags intel Our Back to Business guide highlights the best products for you to boost your productivity at home, on the road, at the office, or in the classroom. Keep up with the latest tech news, reviews and previews by subscribing to the Good Gear Guide newsletter. Gordon Mah Ung PC World (US online) Tweet Print this article Email this article Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Broadband Speed Test Essentials Smart LED Bulb LB130 Learn more > Microsoft L5V-00027 Sculpt Ergonomic Keyboard Desktop Learn more > Epson WorkForce ET-4550 Learn more > Samsung portable 1TB T3 drive Learn more > Linksys AC5400 MU-MIMO Gigabit router Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® S57 USB 3.0 flash drive Learn more > UE Boom 2 Bluetooth speaker Learn more > Everki ContemPRO Roll Top Laptop Backpack Learn more > Epson EcoTank Expression ET-2500 Learn more > Mobile Huawei Mate 9 Learn more > Epson WorkForce DS-360W Learn more > Google Daydream VR headset Learn more > Acer Swift 7 Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® S45 USB 3.0 flash drive  Learn more > Surface Book Learn more > 3SIXT Ultra HD Sports Action Camera Learn more > Lexar® Portable SSD  Learn more > Belkin MIXIT Metallic Lightning to USB Cable Learn more > Logitech G403 Prodigy mouse Learn more > Epson EB-1776W Learn more > Exec Audio-Technica ATH-ANC70 Noise Cancelling Headphones Learn more > Dell Inspiron 5000 series 2-in-1 Learn more > Dell P2715Q Learn more > HP Pavilion x360 13” Learn more > Surface Pro 4 Learn more > Garmin Fenix Chronos smartwatch Learn more > Lexar® Professional 1800x microSDHC™/microSDXC™ UHS-II cards  Learn more > HD Pan/Tilt Wi-Fi Camera with Night Vision NC450 Learn more > Dell XPS 13 laptop Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® C20c USB Type-C flash drive  Learn more > Blade 28 backpack by Arc’teryx Learn more > Budget Jabra Sport Pace earbuds Learn more > Samsung 960 EVO M.2 hard drive Learn more > Boost Mobile SIM Learn more > Oppo R9s Learn more > Evapolar USB air conditioner review Learn more > Smart Wi-Fi Plug HS110 Learn more > Canon EOS 1300d Learn more > Lifeproof Fre phone case Learn more > Back To Business Guide Click for more › Most Popular Reviews 1 ​Subaru XV 2017 review 2 ​Gigabyte Aorus GA-AX370-Gaming 5 AMD Ryzen AM4 motherboard review 3 ​Kogan curved 4K UHD 55-inch LED LCD TV review 4 ​Panasonic Blu-ray recorder PVR set-top box review 5 ​Garmin Fenix Chronos fitness tracker smartwatch review Latest News Articles LG G6 phone: full, in-depth review Sleek new Galaxy S8 phones feature facial recognition, Bixby intelligent agent 5 Samsung Galaxy S8 features Apple should steal for iPhone 8 Waze lets you order coffee and a donut from Dunkin' before you get there Windows 10 Creators Update review: Gaming, inking, and Edge win, while mixed reality loses Resources Business Centre The latest business news, reviews, features and whitepapers Online Shop Visit our shop for the best deals on hot products Videos Watch our video news and reviews from around the world Guides Comprehensive buying guides, features, and step-by-step articles PCW Evaluation Team Azadeh Williams HP OfficeJet Pro 8730 A smarter way to print for busy small business owners, combining speedy printing with scanning and copying, making it easier to produce high quality documents and images at a touch of a button. Andrew Grant HP OfficeJet Pro 8730 I've had a multifunction printer in the office going on 10 years now. It was a neat bit of kit back in the day -- print, copy, scan, fax -- when printing over WiFi felt a bit like magic. It’s seen better days though and an upgrade’s well overdue. This HP OfficeJet Pro 8730 looks like it ticks all the same boxes: print, copy, scan, and fax. (Really? Does anyone fax anything any more? I guess it's good to know the facility’s there, just in case.) Printing over WiFi is more-or- less standard these days. Ed Dawson HP OfficeJet Pro 8730 As a freelance writer who is always on the go, I like my technology to be both efficient and effective so I can do my job well. The HP OfficeJet Pro 8730 Inkjet Printer ticks all the boxes in terms of form factor, performance and user interface. Michael Hargreaves Windows 10 for Business / Dell XPS 13 I’d happily recommend this touchscreen laptop and Windows 10 as a great way to get serious work done at a desk or on the road. Aysha Strobbe Windows 10 / HP Spectre x360 Ultimately, I think the Windows 10 environment is excellent for me as it caters for so many different uses. The inclusion of the Xbox app is also great for when you need some downtime too! Mark Escubio Windows 10 / Lenovo Yoga 910 For me, the Xbox Play Anywhere is a great new feature as it allows you to play your current Xbox games with higher resolutions and better graphics without forking out extra cash for another copy. Although available titles are still scarce, but I’m sure it will grow in time. Good Gear Guide Evaluation Team Featured Content LG G6 phone: full, in-depth review ​Subaru XV 2017 review ​Samsung Galaxy A5 2017 phone: Full, in-depth review Which flagship TV is best? Sony 4K HDR Bravia 2016 versus LG 4K HDR OLED 2016 10 Blu-ray movies / Best looking Blu-ray movies Latest Jobs Latest Jobs FTSocial Media ExecutiveNSW FTSenior .Net DeveloperNSW FTDirector, Centre for Cyber Security SolutionsVIC CCODI DeveloperNSW TPSenior Software DeveloperQLD TPMedia AssistantNSW FTInfrastructure Project Manager Office 365 ImplementationVIC CCOrganisational Change Analyst - Banking/Financial ServicesNSW FTSenior Front End DeveloperNSW CCSenior Project ManagerNSW FTProject AnalystNSW CCApplication Developer - FileNetQLD FTSenior Business Analyst - Health experience requiredNSW FTNV1 Cleared Software Engineer (Mid level) - Defence Projects - North Ryde areaNSW CCSenior Security AnalystsACT FTField Services EngineerWA FTService Desk Operations AnalystNSW FTService Desk AnalystsSA FTSenior .Net DeveloperVIC CCSenior Business AnalystVIC FTSolutions Architect - Digital Technologies Financial ServicesQLD FTTechnical Consultant - ApplicationsSA CCHyperion SpecialistQLD FTSOE EngineerQLD CCBusiness Analyst - Cyber Security EnvironmentACT Back to top • Home Share this article: Twitter Facebook Google+ Log In Don’t have an account? Sign up here Product Categories Broadband Desktop PCs Digital Cameras Digital Video Gadgets Games GPS & Car Entertainment Headphones Home Appliances Home Entertainment Mobile Phones Monitors MP3 Players Networking Notebooks PC Components Printers & Scanners Projectors Security Servers & Storage Software & Services TVs Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. Copyright 2013 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Disclaimer Popular IDG articles NBN sends in field team to assess Cyclone Debbie impact computerworld.com.au Attack, detection metrics improve but security specialists warn against complacency cso.com.au How to work with millennials cio.com.au Nukon, Cognizant, and Toshiba nab TIBCO partner awards arnnet.com.au Village Cinemas relaunches customer loyalty program using data insights cmo.com.au Contact Us Advertise with us Editorial Contacts With over 25 years of brand awareness and credibility, Good Gear Guide (formerly PC World Australia), consistently delivers editorial excellence through award-winning content and trusted product reviews. Don't have an account? Sign up now Forgot password?
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals 2017 X.Org Elections Are Happening Now Written by Michael Larabel in X.Org on 28 March 2017 at 07:47 PM EDT. Add A Comment If you are a registered member of the X.Org Foundation, you have until 11 April to cast your ballot for this year's elections. There are five members competing for a spot for four seats up for renewal this year on the X.Org Foundation Board of Directors. There is also a vote for the membership agreement for updating it to better reflect the role of the X.Org Foundation. The five candidates for this year's elections are Matt Turner (Intel), Martin Peres (Intel), Daniel Vetter (Intel), Rob Clark (Red Hat), and Taylor Campbell (MIT). The elections are running a bit behind schedule as at first they didn't have enough candidates to fill the available slots. The elections run from today through 11 April. If you are a registered X.Org member, be sure to vote as some years they have come close to not meeting quorum during the elections. More details on the X.Org 2017 elections via this Wiki page. Add A Comment Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related X.Org News 2016 X.Org Annual Report The Meson Build System Is Being Fitted For The X.Org Server DRM Core Updates For HDMI 2.0+ Features X.Org Server 1.19.3 Released OpenChrome X.Org Driver Updated With Better Support For Old VIA Hardware X.Org XDC2017 Happening From 20 To 22 September Popular News OpenSSL Planning To Relicense Its Code Google Is Making It Possible To Run Android Studio On ChromeOS AMD Open-Sources Vulkan "Anvil" Mozilla Proposes "Obsidian" Low-Level Graphics API For The Web, Based On Vulkan Ubuntu 17.04 Final Beta Released 2017: Should Linux Benchmarking Still Be Mostly Done With Ubuntu? Latest Linux News Libdrm 2.4.76 Released With Vega Support GNOME 3.26 Release Schedule Published drm_hwcomposer: Allowing Mainline Linux Graphics Drivers To Work On Android Mesa Has Seen Over 90k Commits, Nearly Two Million Lines Of Code NVIDIA Rolls Out Tegra X2 GPU Support In Nouveau HDMI 3D Support Revised For Nouveau DRM sparseBinding Lands For Radeon RADV Vulkan Driver 2017 X.Org Elections Are Happening Now Keith Packard On Needed DRM Changes For VR HMDs Unreal Tournament 0.1.9 Update Released Latest Featured Articles AMD Ryzen DDR4 Memory Scaling Tests On Linux Intel OpenGL/Vulkan Linux Graphics With Serious Sam 2017 Benchmarks & Trying Out DragonFlyBSD 4.8 GCC Compiler Tests At A Variety Of Optimization Levels Using Clear Linux RADV vs. NVIDIA Vulkan/OpenGL Performance For Serious Sam 2017 Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2017 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump ObamaCare Neil Gorsuch Just In... North Carolina leaders reach deal to repeal transgender bathroom law State Watch — 2h 58m ago Federal judge extends order blocking Trump's revised travel ban Blog Briefing Room — 3h 30m ago Kelly: DHS won't separate families crossing border Administration — 3h 40m ago State Dept. to remove human rights conditions of Bahrain jet deal: report Administration — 4h 7m ago Wasserman Schultz to Sanders: Dems are already a grassroots party News — 4h 42m ago Comey: FBI is 'not on anybody's side' News — 4h 55m ago Obama WH ethics lawyer: Ivanka's job is nepotism Blog Briefing Room — 5h 11m ago White House extends Obama executive order on cyber threats Cybersecurity — 5h 27m ago view all   Black Caucus calls on Ryan to remove Nunes as Intel Committee chair By Max Greenwood - 03/29/17 08:51 PM EDT 1,518   © Greg Nash The Congressional Black Caucus is calling on House Speaker Paul RyanPaul RyanBlack Caucus calls on Ryan to remove Nunes as Intel Committee chair Governing means supporting AHCA Overnight Healthcare: Insurers face big choice on staying in ObamaCare | HHS chief Price grilled over budget cuts MORE to remove Rep. Devin Nunes (R-Calif.) as the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee. "This action is necessary in order to meet the public's expectation that Congress conducts an impartial investigation into a matter that threatens the core of our democracy," the CBC said in a statement on Wednesday. "Congressman Nunes' recent actions have caused him to lose the confidence of members of his committee, and, more importantly, the American people, and he can no longer be trusted with the information that the committee receives." ADVERTISEMENT The statement comes amid calls by Democratic lawmakers on the committee for Nunes to recuse himself from the panel's ongoing investigation into Russian election meddling and President Trump and his associates' alleged ties to Russia. Nunes stirred controversy last week when he announced without first consulting members of the committee that he had received evidence that the U.S. intelligence community had inadvertently collected information on members of Trump's transition team. Shortly after the revelation, the California Republican went to the White House to brief Trump on the matter. But the evidence cited by Nunes has not been made public, and he has refused to reveal the source of the information, even to other members of the intelligence panel. What is more, it was revealed on Monday that Nunes paid an unscheduled visit to White House property the night before he made his announcement, reportedly to view the evidence. That late-night excursion has led some Democrats to accuse Nunes of colluding with the White House on his announcement in an effort to vindicate Trump's claim that his presidential campaign was wiretapped by the Obama administration. Some have called for his recusal, while others like committee member Jackie Speier (D-Calif.) have urged Ryan to remove him from his post.  Nunes has rebuffed pressure to recuse himself from the investigation, and sought on Wednesday to cast blame for the House's floundering probe on Democrats, accusing them of not taking it seriously. The CBC also demanded an independent special commission to carry out the Russia probe, arguing that the standing intelligence panels in the House and the Senate cannot carry out the investigation. "Congress must create an independent, bipartisan commission to expose the full truth about any and all Trump-Russia connections and collusion," the statement reads. "The American people want and deserve to know if their government has been compromised by the Kremlin." Tags Congressional Black Caucus House Intelligence Committee Paul Ryan   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 How North Korea could kill 90... OPINION | They could deliver a 30 kiloton weapon by land, sea or air, and... 537 Shares 2 Report: Bush called Trump's... Former President George W. Bush reportedly reacted to President Trump's... 245 Shares 3 Senators vow cooperation on Russia... Seven staff members have been allocated to the investigation, chairman... 219 Shares 4 House votes to restrict EPA’s use... The House voted Wednesday to restrict the kind of scientific studies and... 198 Shares 5 Trump's approval rating sinks to... President Trump's job approval rating hit a new low of 35 percent on... 122 Shares 6 FBI Director Comey sought to... FBI Director James Comey sought to publish an op-ed as early as last... 119 Shares 7 Obama WH ethics lawyer: Ivanka's... Former White House ethics lawyer to President Obama Norman Eisen said... 88 Shares 8 NY Times fires back at Trump: 'We... "We stand by our coverage," the newspaper's PR team tweeted. 69 Shares 9 House passes bill undoing Obama... The measure now heads to President Trump's desk.  68 Shares 10 Comey: FBI is 'not on anybody's... FBI Director James Comey on Wednesday said the last year has been easy for... 67 Shares 11 State employee charged in FBI probe A State Department employee pleaded not guilty in court on Wednesday after... 65 Shares 12 How Obama's White House weaponized... OPINION | "At stake is a core principle of our democracy: that elected... 65 Shares 13 Trump not concerned about Mar-a-... President Trump isn't concerned about the rising costs associated with his... 58 Shares 14 North Carolina leaders reach deal... A year-long debate over transgender access to public bathroom and locker... 54 Shares 15 Ivanka Trump will have an official... President Trump’s daughter Ivanka Trump will be an official government... 54 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
Latest News Dow 20,659 -42.18 -0.20% Nasdaq 5,898 +22.41 +0.38% S&P 500 2,361 +2.56 +0.11% 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% higher at 5,074.38 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% higher at 7,381.42 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens flat at 378.62 2:57 A.M. ET SSE: Lower networks profit to weigh on dividend 2:53 A.M. ET DFS declares special dividend as profit edges up 2:53 A.M. ET William Hill appoints Ruth Prior as finance chief 2:52 A.M. ET Imperial keeps earnings target; to invest £300 mln 2:51 A.M. ET H&M profit drops as sales slow in tough market 2:19 A.M. ET Booker sees 7% rise for full-year same-store sales 2:11 A.M. ET LSE to buy back £200 million of shares 2:10 A.M. ET U.K. airlines face turbulence after Brexit 2:08 A.M. ET Trump administration mulls tariffs on Perrier, Vespas over EU-beef dispute 1:16 A.M. ET Mahindra plans electric cars for U.S., China 1:12 A.M. ET Oil prices make steady gains after rallying to a three-week high 1:11 A.M. ET Updated The country with the most U.S. visa refusals is not named in Trump’s travel ban 12:55 A.M. ET Updated Millennials say Instagram is the most narcissistic social network on the planet 3/29 North Carolina lawmakers agree to repeal 'bathroom law' 3/29 Hawaii court extends ruling against Trump's travel ban 3/29 ‘Confused’ Asian markets sag, though energy stocks post gains 3/29 Trump administration may seek only minor adjustments to Nafta Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Shuttle Computer Group Debuts XH110G Digital Signage Player with PCI-e Slot in Smallest Form Factor By Published: Mar 29, 2017 7:22 p.m. ET Share CITY OF INDUSTRY, CA, Mar 29, 2017 (Marketwired via COMTEX) -- CITY OF INDUSTRY, CA--(Marketwired - Mar 29, 2017) - Shuttle Computer Group, Inc. announces its XH110G, the first 3.0-liter digital signage player with a single slot-capable PCI-e v3 x16 support in the market today. No other computer manufacturer offers a PCI-e slot in such a small form factor. The new Shuttle XH110G will be showcased in Booth #754 at Digital Signage Expo (DSE) in Las Vegas, March 29-30, 2017. This new refined design and innovative platform makes it easy for any integrator to adopt and use in a variety of ways. With its small foot print, the XH110G can be integrated into many specialized applications using proprietary components and add-in cards. "If you are an integrator, prepare to have your prayers answered with the Shuttle XH110G! With a footprint slightly larger than a Harry Potter book, our platform lets you use standard PCI 16X components like multi-head GPUs, Video Capture Cards, Quadro for AutoCAD and other specialty cards, on the industry's smallest desktop PC," said Tosh Akhgar, Manager, Shuttle Solutions Team. "Our newest small form factor computer opens the door for engineers to new and exciting applications. It's a big win to put so much into such a small form factor." Shuttle's new XH110G is a compact 3-liter media player that features robust performance and can be customized to drive complex interactive kiosks, vending machines, automotive assembly line robots, POE and POS applications, among others. Equipped with the Intel® H110 chipset, it supports Intel® 6th generation 65W Sky Lake/Kaby Lake LGA1151 CPUs, which extends product life and delivers 4K/Ultra HD video content for a rich, detailed video experience. Shuttle's XH110G has USB 2.0, USB 3.0, SATA 6Gbps, and Intel® Single Gigabit LAN at the front and rear of the unit for maximum installation flexibility. With advanced expansion capability and network connectivity, the XH110G has one built-in M.2 2280 Type M (for HDD) and one M.2 2230 Type AE (for WLAN) expansion slots, to easily install an M.2 SSD, Wi-Fi module or other compatible devices. Thanks to its heat pipe and smart fan cooling technology design, the player is 24/7 certified and runs reliably cool in 0-50�C temperatures for a wide range of industrial or restaurant applications. Shuttle's new XH110G features include: Intel Giga LAN, Wake on LAN, M.2 2230AE & 2242/2260/2280M Key, 2.5 HDD/SSD bay (< 12.5mm), USB 3.0, and Firmware TPM, making the XH110G connectivity flexible enough to meet any installation needs. The XH110G is scheduled for release in April 2017 and will be available as a barebone or complete system.  About Shuttle Computer Group Shuttle Computer Group is the North American subsidiary of Shuttle Inc., a publicly traded company established in 1983. Shuttle specializes in small form factor PC hardware for digital signage, point-of-sale (POS) and interactive kiosks in the retail, restaurant, food service and hospitality industries as well as motherboards and bare bones systems.  For more information, visit http://us.shuttle.com or call 1-888-972-1818. Intel and Celeron are registered trademarks of Intel Corporation; HDMI is a trademark of HDMI Licensing. Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners. Contact: Nancy Napurski Lionheart Communications 585-967-3348 Email Contact � 2017 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Most Popular Why this financial adviser thinks you should keep piles of cash handy Americans are now utterly intolerant of ever being told they’re wrong about almost anything Trump’s intriguing idea: Cut debt by selling off federal assets The country with the most U.S. visa refusals is not named in Trump’s travel ban People spend small fortunes to bury pets at this cemetery MarketWatch Partner Center Celebrity Real Estate Taylor Swift’s Beverly Hills home goes for landmark vote next month View More SectorWatch Here's what Trump means for the tech industry View More Regulation How languages are confusing banks' compliance teams View More Moneyish This brand-new celebrity couple is worth $640 million View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 March 2017 by Military News Shuttle Computer Group Debuts XH110G Digital Signage Player with PCI-e Slot in Smallest Form Factor CITY OF INDUSTRY, CA–(Marketwired – Mar 29, 2017) – Shuttle Computer Group, Inc. announces its XH110G, the first 3.0-liter digital signage player with a single slot-capable PCI-e v3 x16 support in the market today. No other computer manufacturer offers a PCI-e slot in such a small form factor. The new Shuttle XH110G will be showcased in Booth #754 at Digital Signage Expo (DSE) in Las Vegas, March 29-30, 2017. This new refined design and innovative platform makes it easy for any integrator to adopt and use in a variety of ways. With its small foot print, the XH110G can be integrated into many specialized applications using proprietary components and add-in cards. „If you are an integrator, prepare to have your prayers answered with the Shuttle XH110G! With a footprint slightly larger than a Harry Potter book, our platform lets you use standard PCI 16X components like multi-head GPUs, Video Capture Cards, Quadro for AutoCAD and other specialty cards, on the industry’s smallest desktop PC,” said Tosh Akhgar, Manager, Shuttle Solutions Team. „Our newest small form factor computer opens the door for engineers to new and exciting applications. It’s a big win to put so much into such a small form factor.” Shuttle’s new XH110G is a compact 3-liter media player that features robust performance and can be customized to drive complex interactive kiosks, vending machines, automotive assembly line robots, POE and POS applications, among others. Equipped with the Intel® H110 chipset, it supports Intel® 6th generation 65W Sky Lake/Kaby Lake LGA1151 CPUs, which extends product life and delivers 4K/Ultra HD video content for a rich, detailed video experience. Shuttle’s XH110G has USB 2.0, USB 3.0, SATA 6Gbps, and Intel® Single Gigabit LAN at the front and rear of the unit for maximum installation flexibility. With advanced expansion capability and network connectivity, the XH110G has one built-in M.2 2280 Type M (for HDD) and one M.2 2230 Type AE (for WLAN) expansion slots, to easily install an M.2 SSD, Wi-Fi module or other compatible devices. Thanks to its heat pipe and smart fan cooling technology design, the player is 24/7 certified and runs reliably cool in 0-50�C temperatures for a wide range of industrial or restaurant applications. Shuttle’s new XH110G features include: Intel Giga LAN, Wake on LAN, M.2 2230AE & 2242/2260/2280M Key, 2.5 HDD/SSD bay ( < 12.5mm), USB 3.0, and Firmware TPM, making the XH110G connectivity flexible enough to meet any installation needs. The XH110G is scheduled for release in April 2017 and will be available as a barebone or complete system.  About Shuttle Computer Group Shuttle Computer Group is the North American subsidiary of Shuttle Inc., a publicly traded company established in 1983. Shuttle specializes in small form factor PC hardware for digital signage, point-of-sale (POS) and interactive kiosks in the retail, restaurant, food service and hospitality industries as well as motherboards and bare bones systems.  For more information, visit http://us.shuttle.com or call 1-888-972-1818. Intel and Celeron are registered trademarks of Intel Corporation; HDMI is a trademark of HDMI Licensing. Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAutomotive, Books, capture, Companies, company, Computing, Food and Beverage, front, Industry, Markets, service, Technology, Uncategorized, unit, win Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Bombardier y CityJet confirman pedido de cuatro aviones CRJ900 adicionales Next PostNext Madagascar Statistical Capacity Building Project Posted on 30 March 2017 by Military News Shuttle Computer Group Debuts XH110G Digital Signage Player with PCI-e Slot in Smallest Form Factor CITY OF INDUSTRY, CA–(Marketwired – Mar 29, 2017) – Shuttle Computer Group, Inc. announces its XH110G, the first 3.0-liter digital signage player with a single slot-capable PCI-e v3 x16 support in the market today. No other computer manufacturer offers a PCI-e slot in such a small form factor. The new Shuttle XH110G will be showcased in Booth #754 at Digital Signage Expo (DSE) in Las Vegas, March 29-30, 2017. This new refined design and innovative platform makes it easy for any integrator to adopt and use in a variety of ways. With its small foot print, the XH110G can be integrated into many specialized applications using proprietary components and add-in cards. „If you are an integrator, prepare to have your prayers answered with the Shuttle XH110G! With a footprint slightly larger than a Harry Potter book, our platform lets you use standard PCI 16X components like multi-head GPUs, Video Capture Cards, Quadro for AutoCAD and other specialty cards, on the industry’s smallest desktop PC,” said Tosh Akhgar, Manager, Shuttle Solutions Team. „Our newest small form factor computer opens the door for engineers to new and exciting applications. It’s a big win to put so much into such a small form factor.” Shuttle’s new XH110G is a compact 3-liter media player that features robust performance and can be customized to drive complex interactive kiosks, vending machines, automotive assembly line robots, POE and POS applications, among others. Equipped with the Intel® H110 chipset, it supports Intel® 6th generation 65W Sky Lake/Kaby Lake LGA1151 CPUs, which extends product life and delivers 4K/Ultra HD video content for a rich, detailed video experience. Shuttle’s XH110G has USB 2.0, USB 3.0, SATA 6Gbps, and Intel® Single Gigabit LAN at the front and rear of the unit for maximum installation flexibility. With advanced expansion capability and network connectivity, the XH110G has one built-in M.2 2280 Type M (for HDD) and one M.2 2230 Type AE (for WLAN) expansion slots, to easily install an M.2 SSD, Wi-Fi module or other compatible devices. Thanks to its heat pipe and smart fan cooling technology design, the player is 24/7 certified and runs reliably cool in 0-50�C temperatures for a wide range of industrial or restaurant applications. Shuttle’s new XH110G features include: Intel Giga LAN, Wake on LAN, M.2 2230AE & 2242/2260/2280M Key, 2.5 HDD/SSD bay ( < 12.5mm), USB 3.0, and Firmware TPM, making the XH110G connectivity flexible enough to meet any installation needs. The XH110G is scheduled for release in April 2017 and will be available as a barebone or complete system.  About Shuttle Computer Group Shuttle Computer Group is the North American subsidiary of Shuttle Inc., a publicly traded company established in 1983. Shuttle specializes in small form factor PC hardware for digital signage, point-of-sale (POS) and interactive kiosks in the retail, restaurant, food service and hospitality industries as well as motherboards and bare bones systems.  For more information, visit http://us.shuttle.com or call 1-888-972-1818. Intel and Celeron are registered trademarks of Intel Corporation; HDMI is a trademark of HDMI Licensing. Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAutomotive, Books, capture, Companies, company, Computing, Food and Beverage, front, Industry, Markets, service, Technology, Uncategorized, unit, win Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Bombardier y CityJet confirman pedido de cuatro aviones CRJ900 adicionales Next PostNext Madagascar Statistical Capacity Building Project Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Shuttle Computer Group March 29, 2017 19:20 ET Shuttle Computer Group Debuts XH110G Digital Signage Player with PCI-e Slot in Smallest Form Factor CITY OF INDUSTRY, CA--(Marketwired - Mar 29, 2017) - Shuttle Computer Group, Inc. announces its XH110G, the first 3.0-liter digital signage player with a single slot-capable PCI-e v3 x16 support in the market today. No other computer manufacturer offers a PCI-e slot in such a small form factor. The new Shuttle XH110G will be showcased in Booth #754 at Digital Signage Expo (DSE) in Las Vegas, March 29-30, 2017. This new refined design and innovative platform makes it easy for any integrator to adopt and use in a variety of ways. With its small foot print, the XH110G can be integrated into many specialized applications using proprietary components and add-in cards. "If you are an integrator, prepare to have your prayers answered with the Shuttle XH110G! With a footprint slightly larger than a Harry Potter book, our platform lets you use standard PCI 16X components like multi-head GPUs, Video Capture Cards, Quadro for AutoCAD and other specialty cards, on the industry's smallest desktop PC," said Tosh Akhgar, Manager, Shuttle Solutions Team. "Our newest small form factor computer opens the door for engineers to new and exciting applications. It's a big win to put so much into such a small form factor." Shuttle's new XH110G is a compact 3-liter media player that features robust performance and can be customized to drive complex interactive kiosks, vending machines, automotive assembly line robots, POE and POS applications, among others. Equipped with the Intel® H110 chipset, it supports Intel® 6th generation 65W Sky Lake/Kaby Lake LGA1151 CPUs, which extends product life and delivers 4K/Ultra HD video content for a rich, detailed video experience. Shuttle's XH110G has USB 2.0, USB 3.0, SATA 6Gbps, and Intel® Single Gigabit LAN at the front and rear of the unit for maximum installation flexibility. With advanced expansion capability and network connectivity, the XH110G has one built-in M.2 2280 Type M (for HDD) and one M.2 2230 Type AE (for WLAN) expansion slots, to easily install an M.2 SSD, Wi-Fi module or other compatible devices. Thanks to its heat pipe and smart fan cooling technology design, the player is 24/7 certified and runs reliably cool in 0-50�C temperatures for a wide range of industrial or restaurant applications. Shuttle's new XH110G features include: Intel Giga LAN, Wake on LAN, M.2 2230AE & 2242/2260/2280M Key, 2.5 HDD/SSD bay ( < 12.5mm), USB 3.0, and Firmware TPM, making the XH110G connectivity flexible enough to meet any installation needs. The XH110G is scheduled for release in April 2017 and will be available as a barebone or complete system.  About Shuttle Computer Group Shuttle Computer Group is the North American subsidiary of Shuttle Inc., a publicly traded company established in 1983. Shuttle specializes in small form factor PC hardware for digital signage, point-of-sale (POS) and interactive kiosks in the retail, restaurant, food service and hospitality industries as well as motherboards and bare bones systems.  For more information, visit http://us.shuttle.com or call 1-888-972-1818. Intel and Celeron are registered trademarks of Intel Corporation; HDMI is a trademark of HDMI Licensing. Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners. Contact Information Contact: Nancy Napurski Lionheart Communications 585-967-3348 Email Contact Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Shuttle Computer Group From this industry Computers and Software Electronics and Semiconductors Travel and Hospitality From this sub-industry Hardware Peripherals Electronic Components Restaurants Casinos/Gambling See all RSS Newsfeeds   Highlighted Links Shuttle Computer Group, Inc.   About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Shuttle Computer Group March 29, 2017 19:20 ET Shuttle Computer Group Debuts XH110G Digital Signage Player with PCI-e Slot in Smallest Form Factor CITY OF INDUSTRY, CA--(Marketwired - Mar 29, 2017) - Shuttle Computer Group, Inc. announces its XH110G, the first 3.0-liter digital signage player with a single slot-capable PCI-e v3 x16 support in the market today. No other computer manufacturer offers a PCI-e slot in such a small form factor. The new Shuttle XH110G will be showcased in Booth #754 at Digital Signage Expo (DSE) in Las Vegas, March 29-30, 2017. This new refined design and innovative platform makes it easy for any integrator to adopt and use in a variety of ways. With its small foot print, the XH110G can be integrated into many specialized applications using proprietary components and add-in cards. "If you are an integrator, prepare to have your prayers answered with the Shuttle XH110G! With a footprint slightly larger than a Harry Potter book, our platform lets you use standard PCI 16X components like multi-head GPUs, Video Capture Cards, Quadro for AutoCAD and other specialty cards, on the industry's smallest desktop PC," said Tosh Akhgar, Manager, Shuttle Solutions Team. "Our newest small form factor computer opens the door for engineers to new and exciting applications. It's a big win to put so much into such a small form factor." Shuttle's new XH110G is a compact 3-liter media player that features robust performance and can be customized to drive complex interactive kiosks, vending machines, automotive assembly line robots, POE and POS applications, among others. Equipped with the Intel® H110 chipset, it supports Intel® 6th generation 65W Sky Lake/Kaby Lake LGA1151 CPUs, which extends product life and delivers 4K/Ultra HD video content for a rich, detailed video experience. Shuttle's XH110G has USB 2.0, USB 3.0, SATA 6Gbps, and Intel® Single Gigabit LAN at the front and rear of the unit for maximum installation flexibility. With advanced expansion capability and network connectivity, the XH110G has one built-in M.2 2280 Type M (for HDD) and one M.2 2230 Type AE (for WLAN) expansion slots, to easily install an M.2 SSD, Wi-Fi module or other compatible devices. Thanks to its heat pipe and smart fan cooling technology design, the player is 24/7 certified and runs reliably cool in 0-50�C temperatures for a wide range of industrial or restaurant applications. Shuttle's new XH110G features include: Intel Giga LAN, Wake on LAN, M.2 2230AE & 2242/2260/2280M Key, 2.5 HDD/SSD bay ( < 12.5mm), USB 3.0, and Firmware TPM, making the XH110G connectivity flexible enough to meet any installation needs. The XH110G is scheduled for release in April 2017 and will be available as a barebone or complete system.  About Shuttle Computer Group Shuttle Computer Group is the North American subsidiary of Shuttle Inc., a publicly traded company established in 1983. Shuttle specializes in small form factor PC hardware for digital signage, point-of-sale (POS) and interactive kiosks in the retail, restaurant, food service and hospitality industries as well as motherboards and bare bones systems.  For more information, visit http://us.shuttle.com or call 1-888-972-1818. Intel and Celeron are registered trademarks of Intel Corporation; HDMI is a trademark of HDMI Licensing. Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners. Contact Information Contact: Nancy Napurski Lionheart Communications 585-967-3348 Email Contact Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Shuttle Computer Group From this industry Computers and Software Electronics and Semiconductors Travel and Hospitality From this sub-industry Hardware Peripherals Electronic Components Restaurants Casinos/Gambling See all RSS Newsfeeds   Highlighted Links Shuttle Computer Group, Inc.   About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Like Towleroad Daily Resist POLITICS Travel Music Theatre Film TV Sports Nature Business Men Marriage Equality Space Trans Rights Books Science Gay Iconography TowleREAD BREAKING: Reporter April Ryan on Sean Spicer’s Relationship with Press: ‘The Friendly Piece is Gone Now’ – WATCH Devin Nunes Claims Democrats ‘Aren’t Really Serious’ About the Trump-Russia Investigation PreviousPrevious StorySenate Intelligence Committee to Question 20 People in Trump-Russia Investigation, Starting Thursday: WATCH NextNext StoryGay Adult Film Actor Markie More Vows to Donate $250 from Each Scene to Gay-Straight Alliance Network by Andy Towle March 29, 2017 | 6:08pm Share142 Comments Ethically compromised House Intel Committee Chairman Devin Nunes made the astonishing statement on Wednesday that Democrats aren’t serious about the investigation into the Trump campaign’s links to Russian meddling in the election. Politico reports: “We’re beginning to figure out who’s actually serious about the investigation because it appears like the Democrats aren’t really serious about this investigation,” he told the media, as reported by NBC News. Nunes has been accused of engaging in a “cover-up” with regard to the case. Nunes said yesterday that he would not divulge, even to members of his committee, the source of the intelligence reports that indicated Trump had been surveilled: “Asked by an ABC News reporter whether he would inform the other committee members about who gave him the reports he viewed on the White House grounds last week, Nunes said: ‘We will never reveal those sources and methods.'” The HuffPost sums up why Nunes story about his trip to the White House this week is just not credible: When asked how exactly Nunes got into the White House last week, Spicer told reporters on Wednesday that it was “a question for him, not for us.” Nunes, who has otherwise been tight-lipped about his source, told Bloomberg’s Eli Lake on Monday that his source was an intelligence official, not a White House staffer. Even if that is true, it would have had to have been an intelligence official with cleared White House access (potentially an official on temporary detail with the National Security Council), or Nunes and his source would have had to have been let in by someone else from the White House. Perhaps Nunes’ most bizarre move thus far has been his refusal to disclose his source’s identity to [Rep. Adam] Schiff, his Democratic counterpart, who is regularly briefed on information in his role as the ranking member of the intelligence committee. Even some of Nunes’ Republican colleagues are puzzled by his handling of the situation. “The chairman and ranking member not talking with each other ― that’s bizarre on such an important issue,” one GOP lawmaker said Wednesday. “I just can’t imagine myself and my counterpart, on something this important to the country, having zero communication.” Nunes’ behavior, the Republican lawmaker continued, is making it appear as though he is “somebody who’s in essence working for the administration.” In a frustrated  tweet on Wednesday morning, Rep. Adam Schiff asked “what’s the holdup” in having former acting attorney general Sally Yates testify before the committee: Sally Yates is willing to testify, WH says they want her to testify, public wants to hear from her, Brennan and Clapper…what's the holdup? — Adam Schiff (@RepAdamSchiff) March 29, 2017 Nunes canceled all hearings and meetings of the committee this week. White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said yesterday that the White House would permit it. Said Spicer: “I hope she testifies. I look forward to it. … If they choose to move forward, great. We have no problem with her testifying, plain and simple.” Sean Spicer on Wednesday said he saw “nothing problematic” in Nunes continuing to lead the investigation: Amid calls for recusal, @PressSec says there is "nothing that I see that is problematic" in Devin Nunes conducting Russia probe. pic.twitter.com/wyBvlzOYRj — This Week (@ThisWeekABC) March 29, 2017 But Stephen Colbert pointed out last night exactly why it is more than problematic: PreviousPrevious StorySenate Intelligence Committee to Question 20 People in Trump-Russia Investigation, Starting Thursday: WATCH NextNext StoryGay Adult Film Actor Markie More Vows to Donate $250 from Each Scene to Gay-Straight Alliance Network Share142 Like142 Comments Posted March 29, 2017 at 6:08pm ETC by Andy Towle in Daily Resist, Devin Nunes, Donald Trump, POLITICS, Russia Follow Us Like Towleroad Towleroad Video Gay Adult Film Actor Markie More Vows to Donate $250 from Each Scene to Gay-Straight Alliance Network Share118 Like118 Senate Intelligence Committee to Question 20 People in Trump-Russia Investigation, Starting Thursday: WATCH Share43 Like43 Valerian, Billy Eichner, Harry Styles, Mark Latham, Darlene Cates, Aaron Schock, Bill Baroni: HOT LINKS Share9 Like9 Seth Meyers Tries to Make Sense of Devin Nunes’s Behavior: Investigating Trump or Working with Him? Share45 Like45 Reporter April Ryan on Sean Spicer’s Relationship with Press: ‘The Friendly Piece is Gone Now’ – WATCH Share86 Like86 Rep. Maxine Waters Smacks Down Bill O’Reilly: ‘I am a Strong Black Woman and I Cannot Be Intimidated’ – WATCH Share375 Like375 Hunk of the Day 26-Year-Old Porter Harry Neale Flexes His Talent for British Stage Competition ‘Let It Shine’ – WATCH Share79 Like79 Columns TowleREAD Martin Duberman’s ‘Jews Queers Germans’ Probes the Gay Underground of Pre-Nazi Germany Theatre Review ‘Miss Saigon’ Is Back on Broadway, Older But None the Wiser: REVIEW Recap The Post-‘Baby Jane’ Bump On ‘Feud: Bette and Joan’ – RECAP Theatre Review Jake Gyllenhaal and Glenn Close are Slaying Broadway — and Resurrecting This Double Standard Film Review Disney’s New/Old ‘Beauty and the Beast’: REVIEW Theatre Review Sally Field Is Starring in ‘The Glass Menagerie’ on Broadway — and You’ll Really Like Her: REVIEW Theatre Review The ‘70s Gay Bar of Your Dreams Is Alive in ‘The View UpStairs’ Off-Broadway: REVIEW New Music NEW MUSIC: Ed Sheeran, Bleached, Leonard Cohen, GANGLY Recap Two Icons Clash In ‘Feud: Bette and Joan’ [RECAP] Film Review Hugh Jackman’s Wolverine Swan Song, ‘Logan’ Has Its Aging Claws Out: REVIEW Latest Posts Gay Adult Film Actor Markie More Vows to Donate $250 from Each Scene to Gay-Straight Alliance Network8 hours ago Senate Intelligence Committee to Question 20 People in Trump-Russia Investigation, Starting Thursday: WATCH9 hours ago Ivanka Trump to Become Official Federal Employee, Unpaid ‘Assistant to the President’9 hours ago Valerian, Billy Eichner, Harry Styles, Mark Latham, Darlene Cates, Aaron Schock, Bill Baroni: HOT LINKS12 hours ago Jack Falahee: It’s ‘Good Fun’ Being a ‘Sex Symbol’ and ‘Rewarding’ Playing a Gay Man13 hours ago Watch LIVE: White House Press Briefing with Sean Spicer14 hours ago Seth Meyers Tries to Make Sense of Devin Nunes’s Behavior: Investigating Trump or Working with Him?14 hours ago Senate Intel Committee in Talks to Interview M16 Agent Christopher Steele, Who Authored Dossier on Trump15 hours ago Reporter April Ryan on Sean Spicer’s Relationship with Press: ‘The Friendly Piece is Gone Now’ – WATCH15 hours ago ‘Thrilled to Be Out of the Woods,’ Hillary Clinton Urges Trump Pushback: ‘Resist, Insist, Persist, Enlist’16 hours ago White House Proposes Massive Cuts to PEPFAR, AIDS Research and Prevention in U.S.17 hours ago Man Arrested Heading to L.A. Pride with Explosives and Assault Rifle Pleads Not Guilty to Weapons Charges17 hours ago Trump Signs Executive Order Giving Federal Contractors License to Discriminate Against LGBT Workers18 hours ago Trump Administration Erases LGBT People from Key 2020 Census Survey18 hours ago Rep. Maxine Waters Smacks Down Bill O’Reilly: ‘I am a Strong Black Woman and I Cannot Be Intimidated’ – WATCH18 hours ago Lorde Performs Hilarious Cover of ‘Green Light’ About ‘Creme Eggs’ – WATCH19 hours ago The NCAA Just Gave North Carolina a 48-Hour Deadline to ‘Resolve’ HB2 or They’re Out Until 20221 day ago Rep. Eric Swalwell: Devin Nunes’s Behavior Looks Like a ‘Cover-Up to a Crime’ — WATCH1 day ago Daniel Radcliffe, Spinach Heart, Paul Walker, Energy Independence, RuPaul’s Drag Race: HOT LINKS2 days ago WH Press Secretary Sean Spicer Holds Briefing Amid Trump-Russia, Healthcare, and Gorsuch Chaos: WATCH LIVE2 days ago You Might Also Like POLITICS Devin Nunes Claims Democrats ‘Aren’t Really Serious’ About the Trump-Russia Investigation POLITICS Senate Intelligence Committee to Question 20 People in Trump-Russia Investigation, Starting Thursday: WATCH POLITICS Ivanka Trump to Become Official Federal Employee, Unpaid ‘Assistant to the President’ POLITICS Valerian, Billy Eichner, Harry Styles, Mark Latham, Darlene Cates, Aaron Schock, Bill Baroni: HOT LINKS POLITICS Watch LIVE: White House Press Briefing with Sean Spicer POLITICS Seth Meyers Tries to Make Sense of Devin Nunes’s Behavior: Investigating Trump or Working with Him? Latest Posts Gay Adult Film Actor Markie More Vows to Donate $250 from Each Scene to Gay-Straight Alliance Network Markie More, a gay adult film actor who works with Next Door Studios who recently announced his retirement, made a couple of announcement at The Phoenix Forum trade show over the weekend. pic.twitter.com/jdsY8jiW7L — Paadzer (@paadzer) March 16… Read Devin Nunes Claims Democrats ‘Aren’t Really Serious’ About the Trump-Russia Investigation Ethically compromised House Intel Committee Chairman Devin Nunes made the astonishing statement on Wednesday that Democrats aren’t serious about the investigation into the Trump campaign’s links to Russian meddling in the election. Politi… Read Senate Intelligence Committee to Question 20 People in Trump-Russia Investigation, Starting Thursday: WATCH While the House Intelligence Committee investigation into the Trump campaign’s links to Russia are in chaos due to the subterfuge of its leader Rep. Devin Nunes, the Senate Intelligence Committee is moving right along and will question 20 peopl… Read Ivanka Trump to Become Official Federal Employee, Unpaid ‘Assistant to the President’ Ivanka Trump is getting an official government position to go along with her West Wing office in the White House, the NYT reports: “I have heard the concerns some have with my advising the president in my personal capacity while voluntarily complying… Read Valerian, Billy Eichner, Harry Styles, Mark Latham, Darlene Cates, Aaron Schock, Bill Baroni: HOT LINKS THAW. Donald Trump says hi to Chuck Schumer: “It was the first six words exchanged between the president and Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer in more than two months.” SWITCH. Trump traded his unsecured Android for an iPhone. BRIDGEGA… Read Jack Falahee: It’s ‘Good Fun’ Being a ‘Sex Symbol’ and ‘Rewarding’ Playing a Gay Man Jack Falahee, who plays Connor Walsh on the hit ABC drama television series How to Get Away with Murder, offered up some reflections as the show wrapped up its third season and after he posed for some chest-baring shots for Fault magazine in its most… Read Watch LIVE: White House Press Briefing with Sean Spicer White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer holds a press briefing amid the Gorsuch confirmation, Trump-Russia investigations, EPA climate destruction, and more chaos.… Read Seth Meyers Tries to Make Sense of Devin Nunes’s Behavior: Investigating Trump or Working with Him? Seth Meyers looked at the new twists in the investigation into links between the Trump campaign and Russia, mostly the “loopy” behavior of House Intel Committee Chair Devin Nunes, who “looks like every guy you don’t remember m… Read Senate Intel Committee in Talks to Interview M16 Agent Christopher Steele, Who Authored Dossier on Trump The Senate Intelligence Committee is in talks to interview former M16 agent Christopher Steele, the author of the “golden showers” dossier on Trump with regard to its investigation into the Trump campaign’s links to Russia, NBC News… Read Reporter April Ryan on Sean Spicer’s Relationship with Press: ‘The Friendly Piece is Gone Now’ – WATCH April Ryan gave an insightful interview to CNN’s New Day about her combative interaction with Press Secretary Sean Spicer yesterday in which Spicer admonished her for shaking her head. Ryan says that in addition to Spicer’s temperament, t… Read Most Commented Hot Reads Neil Gorsuch is Trump’s Terrible, No Good Nominee for the Supreme Court: An Analysis 2017 Resolutions All Gay Men Should Consider Comedian Eric Andre: The Gay Interview Straight Journalist Cruises Grindr at the Olympics, Outs Athletes From Anti-Gay Countries There Was a ‘Gays for Trump’ Party at the RNC and It Was Absolutely Insane – VIDEOS, PHOTOS Frank Ocean Pens Emotional Response to Orlando Shooting Noah Galvin From ‘The Real O’Neals’ On Sitcoms, Subversiveness, and Dan Savage: INTERVIEW Michelle Visage Spills The T On ‘Drag Race,’ ‘Big Brother’ and the Election — INTERVIEW Pietro Boselli’s Hard, Wet Ride in a Speedo – LOOK Today's News Jump To Day: Choose Gay Adult Film Actor Markie More Vows to Donate $250 from Each Scene to Gay-Straight Alliance Network Devin Nunes Claims Democrats ‘Aren’t Really Serious’ About the Trump-Russia Investigation Senate Intelligence Committee to Question 20 People in Trump-Russia Investigation, Starting Thursday: WATCH Ivanka Trump to Become Official Federal Employee, Unpaid ‘Assistant to the President’ Valerian, Billy Eichner, Harry Styles, Mark Latham, Darlene Cates, Aaron Schock, Bill Baroni: HOT LINKS Jack Falahee: It’s ‘Good Fun’ Being a ‘Sex Symbol’ and ‘Rewarding’ Playing a Gay Man Watch LIVE: White House Press Briefing with Sean Spicer Seth Meyers Tries to Make Sense of Devin Nunes’s Behavior: Investigating Trump or Working with Him? Senate Intel Committee in Talks to Interview M16 Agent Christopher Steele, Who Authored Dossier on Trump Reporter April Ryan on Sean Spicer’s Relationship with Press: ‘The Friendly Piece is Gone Now’ – WATCH ‘Thrilled to Be Out of the Woods,’ Hillary Clinton Urges Trump Pushback: ‘Resist, Insist, Persist, Enlist’ White House Proposes Massive Cuts to PEPFAR, AIDS Research and Prevention in U.S. Man Arrested Heading to L.A. Pride with Explosives and Assault Rifle Pleads Not Guilty to Weapons Charges Trump Signs Executive Order Giving Federal Contractors License to Discriminate Against LGBT Workers Trump Administration Erases LGBT People from Key 2020 Census Survey Rep. Maxine Waters Smacks Down Bill O’Reilly: ‘I am a Strong Black Woman and I Cannot Be Intimidated’ – WATCH Lorde Performs Hilarious Cover of ‘Green Light’ About ‘Creme Eggs’ – WATCH Share This Share3.3k Like3.3k Read Politics Travel Film Theatre Television Science Law – LGBT Rights Columns Specials About Advertise Contact Us About Towleroad Contributors Towleroad on Social Media Privacy Policy Follow Us © 2014 Towleroad. All Rights Reserved.
Please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds. KitGuru The KitGuru System Home News Reviews Gaming Lifestyle Mobile Professional Forum Home / Component / Motherboard / ASUS BIOS update will enable support for Intel Optane Memory on Z270 motherboards ASUS BIOS update will enable support for Intel Optane Memory on Z270 motherboards Matthew Wilson 13 hours ago Motherboard Earlier this month, Intel officially started rolling out products based on its new 3D XPoint technology, which aims to be the future of SSDs thanks to its much faster speeds when compared to NAND. This all started out with a very expensive 375GB SSD, which would only really be useful and affordable to data centres. However, yesterday, Intel expanded its offerings with Optane Memory, a cache drive of sorts intended to bring serious performance boosts to system storage. Optane Memory is essentially an M.2 SSD cache drive, it comes in 16GB and 32GB sizes and is there to speed up performance of traditional HDDs. This means frequently used application load times, PC boot times and gaming load times would all receive a noticeable bump in theory. However, only some motherboards can support it and today, ASUS announced that it would be pushing out a new UEFI BIOS update to compatible ASUS 200-series motherboards. An exact list of supported motherboards will be coming soon but if you own a higher-end ASUS board, chances are you’ll be getting the Optane Memory update. KitGuru Says: Intel’s new Optane Memory looks very interesting indeed. It could end up being a good alternative to buying a large SSD for use cases like gaming. However, with support limited to 200-series motherboards, adoption may end up being slow. What do you guys think of Intel’s new Optane Memory drives? Do you think they will end up being useful?    Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Pinterest Tags Asus Intel news Optane Memory Previous FSP’s new Dagger series brings Gold efficiency to SFX power supplies Check Also Gigabyte Aorus AX370-Gaming 5 Motherboard Review Does Gigabyte's Aorus AX370-Gaming 5 back up flashy lights with its performance? DoubleTrouble https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/a876b3034e19a4c3eef2f0580868d1cdb58fa37f49323808167440166ba0d1f0.jpg Matthew Elvidge I want to know if on non-200 series boards (i.e Z170 boards), the drive still appears as a standard drive when connected. Would be interesting to stick just windows on it and keep everything else to a seperate ssd. Joe Vaughn Managing director of Facebook!, is explaining to consumers to start off “Work at home” practice, that Thousands of marketers have been doing more than 12 months now. This season only, I generated as much as $36k up to now with nothing but my desktop and some extra time, although i have a regular nine to five job. Even most people new to this, can make $50/per h easily and the profit may go even higher over time… This is how i started >> http://adultadda­.­net/2Xj Polls Which CPU air cooler next? Antec Arctic be quiet! Cooler Master Noctua Phanteks Thermaltake Sorry - Liquid only View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive KitGuru Facebook Archives Archives Select Month March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010  Contact Us © Copyright 2017, Kitguru.net All Rights Reserved
CPUs GRAPHICS MOTHERBOARDS CASES & POWER STORAGE MOBILE GAMING FORUMS JOBS MORE... NEWS BREADBOX PODCASTS BLOGS SYSTEMS MULTIMEDIA MISCELLANY ARCHIVE ABOUT US Customize The Tech Report... Apply Cancel Log in | Register Most commented stories • Intel gives hard drives a boost with Optane Memory [74] • Intel lets loose Kaby Lake-based Xeon E3 v6 processors [65] • Starcraft Remastered constructs higher-fidelity pylons [52] • Samsung unboxes Galaxy S8 and S8+ handsets and accessories [31] Hot forum threads • AotS Ryzen patch • How is "Kaby" pronounced? • Andromeda • New Phone Experiment Aorus GA-AX370 Gaming K5 mobo trims a little fat by Wayne Manion  11:30 AM on March 29, 2017 So much functionality has been moved from the motherboard into the CPU itself that variations within a product line often come down to little details. That's the case with Gigabyte's Aorus GA-AX370-Gaming K5. This motherboard is a full ATX affair with four DDR4 DIMM slots, three metal-reinforced PCIe slots, four USB 3.1 ports, and support for AMD's latest Ryzen CPUs. Overall, the board is quite similar to the Aorus GA-AX370-Gaming K7 we described a few weeks ago, with only a couple of niche features pared back. The most obvious difference between the Gaming K7 and the new Gaming K5 is in the motherboards' networking section. The Gaming K7 has an Intel Gigabit Ethernet controller and a Killer E2500 802.11ac Wi-Fi chip, while the Gaming K5 makes do with just the Intel wired networking adapter. The other main difference we could tease out from the specifications is in the audio section. The Gaming K7 sports two Realtek ALC1220 codecs—one each for the front and rear audio outputs. The Gaming K5 soldiers on with just one of these chips. The Gaming K7 also has nine temperature sensors, eight fan headers, and two additional headers for temperature probes. The Gaming K5 knocks the number of temperature sensors down to six and the number of fan headers to five. The headers for thermistors didn't make the cut either. These are probably minor omissions for most users. What remains is still a pretty full-featured package. The board supports all AMD AM4 CPUs including seventh-generation APUs and the entire Ryzen lineup. The Gaming K5 is compatible with two-card SLI and Crossfire setups. The single M.2 slot is ready to accept PCIe x4 NVMe storage devices, to go along with up to eight onboard SATA drives. When the zoned RGB lighting is disabled, the Gaming K5 has a subdued black-and-gray look. Once the switch is thrown, the DIMM slots, PCIe slots, and other areas on the board light up in any of 16.8 million colors, controlled by Gigabyte's RGB Fusion software. Gigabyte did not provide a launch date or pricing information for the GA-AX370-Gaming K5, though we would expect the mobo to arrive soon at a lower price than that of the $210 Aorus GA-AX370-Gaming K7. Tags: Motherboards Log in | Register Tip: You can use the A/Z keys to walk threads. View options x Subscriber options: E-mail me when people reply to my comments Comment sorting order: Threaded, dynamic (default)New replies push comment threads to the top. Threaded, chronologicalComment threads started first appear at the top. Threaded, reverse-chronologicalComment threads started last appear at the top. Flat, chronologicalNo threading. Oldest comments shown first, bulletin-board style. Flat, reverse-chronologicalNo threading. Newest comments shown first. Processing... Saved! Loading... Support TR! Subscribe now. Read TR's System Guide powered by Newegg LATEST STUFF Asus GTX 1080 and 1060 cards with faster RAM go the extra mile 10 Thermaltake's View 28 case can light up any room 16 Samsung unboxes Galaxy S8 and S8+ handsets and accessories 31 Aorus GA-AX370 Gaming K5 mobo trims a little fat 10 Windows 10 Creators Update set to hit PCs on April 11 20 SiSoft Sandra Platinum 2017 is ready for Ryzen 1 SteelSeries' Rival 700 gaming mouse reviewed 7 Intel lets loose Kaby Lake-based Xeon E3 v6 processors 65 Samsung plans to refurbish and resell Galaxy Note 7 handsets 21 More stuff » TOP COMMENTS chuckula They were going to launch a G-sync version but trying to represent the price induced an overflow error in their storefront software. +33 Bauxite Isn't this like the fourth attempt at caching to somehow sell extremely small de... +24 derFunkenstein The more Intel pimps these tiny caches the dumber they seem to me. Especially on... +23 dpaus Bread > yeast > Ryzen I can't BELIEVE that you missed that.... +22 NEW GALLERY ITEMS More pictures » Copyright ©1999-2017 The Tech Report. All rights reserved. About us | Privacy policy | Mailing list | Mobile
Subscribe ▲ Learn more about PCWorld's Digital Editions    🔎 Home News Reviews How-To Video Business Laptops Tablets Phones Hardware Security Software Gadgets Subscribe Resources PCs Phones Printers Ultrabooks Blogs Viruses Cameras Components Computer Accessories Consumer Advice Displays E-readers Flash Drives Graphics Cards Hard Drives Home Theater Input Devices Keyboards Laptop Accessories Mobile Networking Operating Systems Optical Drives Processors Servers Smartwatches Streaming Services Storage Tablets Windows Home Components News Newegg has dropped the price of a G.Skill 32GB RAM kit to $174 This sale on DDR4 RAM expires on Friday. Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. By Ian Paul Contributor, PCWorld | Mar 29, 2017 10:27 AM PT Credit: G.Skill More like this Skyrocketing memory prices may get worse before getting better Ryzen 7 1800X and Radeon Fury X: Building the water-cooled, fire-breathing... This Asus ROG gaming laptop just dropped to $1,500 on Newegg Video Building virtual PCs in PC Building Simulator RAM is priced at a premium these days and may not get any better for a few months yet. So when a RAM deal shows up, it's best to jump on it if the modules suit your setup. Right now, folks waiting to snag a good chunk of DDR4 RAM are in luck: Newegg is selling four G.Skill Ripjaws V Series 8GB 288-pin DDR4/3000 RAM modules for $174. The RAM comes in red only, and for those into overclocking, this 1.35V kit supports Intel's XMP 2.0.  The G.Skill RAM modules are designed with the Intel Z170 "Skylake" chipset in mind, but it's DDR4, so it should work just fine with the newer Z270 chipset for Kaby Lake. It may also work with Ryzen, but you'll have to dig deeper to double check, as RAM support is a little chaotic with AMD's new chips right now. RAM prices for PCs are high thanks to the focus on producing RAM for mobile, as well as servers, with desktops being last on the priority list. That state of affairs isn't expected to get better until later in 2017.  Newegg's sale ends on Friday. Newegg [Today's deal: G.Skill 4 x 8GB DDR4 300 RAM for $174 at Newegg] To comment on this article and other PCWorld content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: Components PCs Ian is an independent writer based in Israel who has never met a tech subject he didn't like. He primarily covers Windows, PC and gaming hardware, video and music streaming services, social networks, and browsers. When he's not covering the news he's working on how-to tips for PC users, or tuning his eGPU setup. Follow You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon PCWorld PCWorld helps you navigate the PC ecosystem to find the products you want and the advice you need to get the job done. About Us Contact Us Digital Edition Customer Service Gift Subscription Ad Choices Newsletters Privacy Policy RSS Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships PCWorld CATEGORIES Business Laptops Mobile PC Hardware Printers Security Software Videos Windows IDG Network Sites Advertise Careers at IDG Creative Lab IDG Permissions IDG Consumer & SMB Knowledge Hub Macworld TechHive Get PCWorld's Digital Editions Subscribe Now Follow us    Visit other IDG sites: Select One CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDG Connect IDG TechNetwork IDG.tv InfoWorld IT News ITworld JavaWorld Network World PC World TechHive The Industry Standard Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc.
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out10:02 GMT +330 March 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search Why US Inquiry Into Russia's Alleged Meddling in Election Reached Deadlock © AP Photo/ J. Scott Applewhite Politics 20:17 29.03.2017Get short URL 274481 It appears that the inquiry into Russia's alleged interference in the 2016 presidential elections has finally stalled. Apparently, the problem is that new inconvenient truths regarding the inappropriate handling of intelligence information on Trump's team continue to emerge. © AP Photo/ Pablo Martinez Monsivais US House Intel Committee Continues Investigation Into Trump-Russia Ties - NunesThe investigation into an alleged Russian interference in the 2016 presidential campaign has seemingly reached a deadlock. Democrats have recently accused Republican Chairman of the House Intelligence Committee Devin Nunes of deliberately stalling the inquiry by canceling the committee's meetings and urged him to recuse himself from the investigation. On Monday night Rep. Adam B. Schiff called upon Nunes to remove himself from the inquiry. "This is not a recommendation I make lightly, as the Chairman and I have worked together well for several years; and I take this step with the knowledge of the solemn responsibility we have on the Intelligence Committee to provide oversight on all intelligence matters, not just to conduct the investigation," Schiff said in an official statement. After much consideration I believe Chairman should recuse himself from involvement in investigation/oversight of Trump campaign & transition pic.twitter.com/jpfA1x80Si — Adam Schiff (@RepAdamSchiff) 27 марта 2017 г. ​A Democratic chorus echoed Schiff on Tuesday. "An investigation is only as credible as those who lead it. Chairman Nunes sacrificed his credibility & must recuse himself," Rep. Kathleen Rice tweeted March 28. An investigation is only as credible as those who lead it. Chairman Nunes sacrificed his credibility & must recuse himself. #TrumpRussia — Kathleen Rice (@RepKathleenRice) 28 марта 2017 г. The Democratic Party members Rep. Terry Sewell and Rep. Jackie Speier also issued statements calling upon Nunes to step aside or even to resign. © Fotolia/ Serkat Photography Keeping an Eye on Trump: CIA Whistleblower Points Finger at Clapper, Brennan, ComeyHowever, the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee signaled Tuesday that he would neither recuse himself nor resign and told CNN that the investigation "moves forward just like it was before." Still, it appears that it wasn't the cancellation of the committee's hearings involving former acting attorney general Sally Yates, FBI Director James Comey and NSA Director Michael Rogers that prompted deep concerns within the Democratic camp. Apparently, the root of the matter lies in Nunes' revelations regarding an illegal dissemination of "incidentally" collected intelligence on Donald Trump and his team. Speaking to journalists last week, Nunes confirmed that the intelligence community "incidentally collected information about US citizens involved in the Trump transition." © REUTERS/ Henry Romero McCain Urges Nunes to Explain Visit to White House Prior to Briefing Trump on WiretappingWhile the "incidental" gathering of sensitive information on US citizens is technically legal, the dissemination of such data is completely inappropriate, Mollie Hemingway of Federalist pointed out while commenting on Nunes' press conference. To make the situation even worse, none of the surveillance material collected on Trump's team was connected to Russia or the investigation of Russian activities. "Details about US persons associated with the incoming administration, details with little or no apparent foreign intelligence value, were widely disseminated in intelligence community reporting," Nunes told reporters March 22, "Finally, I want to be clear, none of this surveillance was related to Russia or the investigation of Russian activities or of the Trump team." © AP Photo/ J. Scott Applewhite Nunes Findings on Surveillance of Trump Transition Team Not 'Leak' - White House"When an administration is spreading around reports of political and personal discussions, failing to mask that information, and the information itself isn't of foreign intelligence value, you have the makings of a huge scandal," Hemingway highlighted. To add to the Democrats' confusion, Nunes announced Tuesday that he will not unveil — at least for a period of time — who exactly provided him with the intelligence reports revealing that Trump and his associates were subjected to incidental intelligence monitoring. Currently, two separate investigations are going on, conservative media outlet Washington Examiner explains. The first one pertains to alleged Russian meddling in the US 2016 presidential campaign; the second one is a "potentially illegal handling of intelligence information on US persons by the intelligence community or the Obama administration." It is understandable that Nunes needs to take his time to look into both issues, the media outlet pointed out. Moscow has repeatedly refuted groundless claims that the Russian government could have interfered in the US presidential election, calling attention to the fact that the US failed to present any evidence to confirm its allegations.  ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 81 Related: Trump's Border Wall Poisons US Government Spending Bill - Senate Democrats New Sanctions Against Russia 'Part of a Deal Between Trump, US Establishment' Good Luck With That: Trump Signs Exec Order to Gut Obama Climate Policy Senator Schumer Urges US House Intelligence Committee Chair Nunes to Step Down Tags: Democrats, Republicans, spying, election, surveillance, 2016 US Presidential election, Devin Nunes, Sally Yates, Michael Rogers, James Comey, Donald Trump, United States, Russia TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 09:42China to Conduct Maiden Flight of World's Largest Amphibious Aircraft in May 09:33UN Secretary-General Appoints Japan’s Nakamitsu as UN New Disarmament Head 09:24Russian Armed Forces to Conscript 142,000 People in April-July 2017 09:15Trump's Son-in-Law's Meetings With Russian Officials Set Sanctions' Issue Aside 09:04S Korean Court May Decide on Arrest Warrant for Ex-President Park ThursdayAll news US Air Force F-22 Jets Now Armed With New Sidewinder Missiles 8361 US Radars Cover Almost All Russian Territory - Russian MoD 7582 War in This Mideast Country is 'Becoming a PR Disaster for Saudi Arabia, US' 7355 Syrian Army Discovers Secret Daesh Weapons Caches in Aleppo 6193 Russia ‘Hack’ of US Elections an ‘Act of War’ — Dick Cheney 5311All news Russia ‘Hack’ of US Elections an ‘Act of War’ — Dick Cheney 53 Washington's Greater Middle East Project 'Aims at Creating Kurdish State' 39 Australia Could Be in Danger of DPRK Nuke Strike, US Korean Forces Warns 38 Double Standards: Americans Seek Raqqa Liberation to Split Syria? 34 US Radars Cover Almost All Russian Territory - Russian MoD 32All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Oaks and Pines With a History: European Tree of the Year 2017 Crocodile Tears Death From the Sky: The US Air Force's Mistaken Airstrikes News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out10:02 GMT +330 March 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search WH Sees Nothing Wrong in Congressman Nunes Conducting Russia, Election Probe © AP Photo/ Andrew Harnik Politics 20:11 29.03.2017Get short URL 0 8613 There is no reason why the US House of Representatives Intelligence Committee chairman Devin Nunes should not continue to conduct the investigation into Russia and its alleged role in the 2016 US election, White House spokesman Sean Spicer said in his press briefing on Wednesday. © AP Photo/ J. Scott Applewhite US House Intel Chair Should Not Recuse Himself From Russia Probe - RyanWASHINGTON (Sputnik) — Nunes briefed Trump on the findings and has yet to share the information with the other members of the Intelligence Committee which he chairs. "[T]here’s nothing that I see that is problematic in him [Nunes] conducting an investigation that we asked both for the House and Senate Intelligence Committees," Spicer stated. "He is the chairman, he is conducting the investigation. It is up to the House of Representatives and the speaker and the members of the House Republican Conference to determine." On March 22, Nunes told journalists that the US Intelligence Community collected information on Trump’s transition team albeit incidentally. Many Democrats and at least one Republican in the US Congress have called for Nunes to recuse himself from the investigation. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 13 Related: Trump Trying to Shut Down Russia Probe in House Intel Committee - US Lawmaker Lawmaker: US House Intel Chair Nunes Must Recuse Himself From Russia-Trump Probe Prosecution Launches Probe Into Catalan Gov’t Preparations to Hold Referendum Tags: probe, White House, Sean Spicer, Russia, United States TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 09:42China to Conduct Maiden Flight of World's Largest Amphibious Aircraft in May 09:33UN Secretary-General Appoints Japan’s Nakamitsu as UN New Disarmament Head 09:24Russian Armed Forces to Conscript 142,000 People in April-July 2017 09:15Trump's Son-in-Law's Meetings With Russian Officials Set Sanctions' Issue Aside 09:04S Korean Court May Decide on Arrest Warrant for Ex-President Park ThursdayAll news US Air Force F-22 Jets Now Armed With New Sidewinder Missiles 8361 US Radars Cover Almost All Russian Territory - Russian MoD 7582 War in This Mideast Country is 'Becoming a PR Disaster for Saudi Arabia, US' 7355 Syrian Army Discovers Secret Daesh Weapons Caches in Aleppo 6193 Russia ‘Hack’ of US Elections an ‘Act of War’ — Dick Cheney 5311All news Russia ‘Hack’ of US Elections an ‘Act of War’ — Dick Cheney 53 Washington's Greater Middle East Project 'Aims at Creating Kurdish State' 39 Australia Could Be in Danger of DPRK Nuke Strike, US Korean Forces Warns 38 Double Standards: Americans Seek Raqqa Liberation to Split Syria? 34 US Radars Cover Almost All Russian Territory - Russian MoD 32All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Oaks and Pines With a History: European Tree of the Year 2017 Crocodile Tears Death From the Sky: The US Air Force's Mistaken Airstrikes News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
No Ads Thursday | March 30, 2017 Trending Senate, House GOP want to revive Obamacare repeal effort 03/29/17 12:01 AM Democrats using Devin Nunes to undermine House Intelligence Committee investigation 03/29/17 12:01 AM Ex-Rep. Aaron Schock spills the beans on alleged FBI informant 03/28/17 11:38 PM Auction: $40,000 for Obama's first NCAA bracket done on ESPN 03/28/17 03:05 PM Renewed Republican healthcare effort plagued by same old conflicts 03/29/17 12:01 AM Utah Sen. Orrin Hatch willing to step aside for Mitt Romney 03/28/17 10:05 PM 15 felony charges for 2 who secretly filmed Planned Parenthood 03/28/17 11:20 PM NRA guns for Gorsuch, targets Tester, McCaskill, Donnelly, Heitkamp 03/27/17 06:37 PM The 10 worst airports in the US 03/27/17 12:01 AM Jim Webb declines Naval Academy alumni award amid controversy 03/28/17 09:44 PM Trump's 'Art of the Deal': a free-market framework 03/29/17 01:00 AM When Neil Gorsuch stood up for the little guy 03/28/17 08:33 PM Democrats muddy the waters around Devin Nunes 03/29/17 12:01 AM Hillary Clinton: Trump's order to undo Obama climate plan puts 'American lives at risk' 03/28/17 11:11 PM Census: Immigration to bust 100-year record, continue surging 03/28/17 01:14 PM Arrested 'Dreamer' Daniel Ramirez Medina released 03/28/17 11:34 PM Joe Scarborough: Trump once 'screamed' at Spicer for being 'too weak' 03/29/17 06:44 AM It's literally pay to play at Mar-a-Lago 03/05/17 07:05 AM GOP accuses Democrats of blocking closed FBI, NSA testimony on Russia 03/28/17 05:11 PM Angering Trump, the Freedom Caucus may have overplayed its hand 03/28/17 12:19 PM Kellyanne Conway shows no sign of regret in third month at the White House 03/29/17 09:21 AM 81% approval: Putin cruising to easy reelection 03/29/17 02:05 PM 'God's hand' in hiring of Dodger Jackie Robinson 03/29/17 11:17 AM Andrew Napolitano returns to Fox, defends British spying claim 03/29/17 12:09 PM Navy, Marines fighter jet shortfall may top 100 aircraft 03/28/17 05:59 PM House to kill Obama-era FCC Internet privacy rules 03/28/17 05:58 PM Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke: Border wall might have to be in Mexico 03/29/17 11:03 AM White House staff will not attend correspondents' dinner out of 'solidarity' with Trump 03/28/17 07:58 PM Flashback: Dems said nothing when Obama punished 'sanctuary cities' 03/27/17 02:41 PM Democrats push to ban guns at airports, leave people vulnerable to 'attacks by armed gunmen' 03/29/17 08:08 AM Hillary Clinton takes aim at Sean Spicer, Bill O'Reilly in speech 03/28/17 06:51 PM Poll: Trump's approval rating drops to lowest point since he took office 03/29/17 07:43 AM New York Times ignored dropoff in Saudi student funding in 'Trump Effect' story 03/28/17 07:19 PM Trump demands intel panel probe Clinton Foundation ties to Russian uranium deal 03/27/17 09:59 PM Ann Coulter set to lecture at UC Berkeley just months after historic protests 03/28/17 05:39 PM Reporters defend April Ryan after Sean Spicer tells her to 'stop shaking your head' 03/28/17 01:58 PM Former Rep. Steve Stockman indicted for conspiracy charges 03/28/17 09:36 PM Gorsuch's team deploys 'no stone unturned' campaign before Senate vote on Supreme Court bid 03/28/17 03:46 PM Rep. Maxine Waters: I will not be 'intimidated' by Bill O'Reilly 03/28/17 09:14 PM Watch: Sean Spicer tells April Ryan to stop shaking her head while he answers 03/28/17 02:14 PM Female suspect arrested after striking Capitol Police cruiser 03/29/17 10:01 AM US sanctions loom large as international chess has a constitutional crisis 03/28/17 07:25 PM Cornyn: Democrats should listen to Leahy, who does not plan to filibuster Gorsuch 03/28/17 12:30 PM Trump signs executive order, declares end to the 'war on coal' 03/28/17 02:42 PM Top general tears into media for asking about US role in civilian deaths in Mosul 03/28/17 03:41 PM Republicans block Democratic move to release Trump's tax returns 03/28/17 08:48 PM Republicans plot second attempt at Obamacare repeal 03/28/17 10:26 AM Report: DNC asks all current staffers to resign 03/28/17 05:21 PM Trump falsely claims New York Times apologized to its readers 03/29/17 08:29 AM Pat Leahy says he needs answers from Neil Gorsuch before cloture vote 03/28/17 05:52 PM Home 2016 Election Politics Politics Home White House Congress Washington Secrets Campaigns Policy Policy Home Budgets & Deficits Health Care Economy Law Environment & Energy Technology Defense & National Security Special Reports Magazine Magazine Home Digital Edition Opinion Opinion Home Editorial Cartoons Editorials Columnists Op-Eds Commentary Series Watchdog Watchdog Home Investigative Series Beltway Confidential Media Video Newsletters Podcasts Employee Rights Act About Us About Us Editorial Advertise Contact Us —œThe Senate is going to lead this discussion, this investigation, into the Russian meddling into the election,—� Dent said. (AP Photo/J. Scott Applewhite) GOP lawmaker: Senate should lead on Russia after House controversy By Kyle Feldscher (@kyle_feldscher) • 3/29/17 12:21 PM Kyle Feldscher Breaking News Reporter The Washington Examiner http://s3.amazonaws.com/content.washingtonexaminer.biz/images/static/authors/headshot-kyle-feldscher.jpg Share Tweet Mail Print SMS More .@RepCharlieDent has w/ little confidence in House Intel committee now — "We have to turn our eyes to the Senate"https://t.co/6MLogyD3HH— Poppy Harlow (@PoppyHarlowCNN) March 29, 2017 A House Republican believes the Senate is going to have to come up with the definitive report on Russian influence on the 2016 presidential election because the House's work is too politicized. Rep. Charlie Dent, R-Pa., said on CNN Wednesday that the controversy around House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes and his decision to brief the press President Trump on new information in the investigation before briefing the committee is too political. At this point, the Senate Intelligence Committee's work is more non-partisan and less political and will need to be the place to watch, Dent said. "The Senate is going to lead this discussion, this investigation, into the Russian meddling into the election," Dent said. "I think that's where we are. It's unfortunate where we are in the House. It seems like there's not going to be a House report … on the Russian meddling, so I think we should turn our eyes to the Senate and come to a resolution." The House committee's activities have mostly ground to a halt as they wait for FBI Director James Comey and NSA Director Mike Rogers to testify in a closed hearing. Republicans on the committee want the two officials to answer questions they couldn't speak about in open session last week. However, Democrats don't want any closed hearings and are fighting with Nunes about the idea of keeping any aspect of the investigation out of the public eye. That's basically put the committee into a "deep freeze," according to Rep. Jim Himes, D-Conn. Share Tweet Mail Print SMS More Comments Sign Up for the Examiner Today newsletter! Please enter your information below to begin receiving the Examiner Today newsletter. You must enter a valid email address in the field above! Thank you for signing up for the Examiner Today newsletter! You should receive your first newsletter very soon. We're sorry, there was an error processing your newsletter signup. Please click here to visit our Newsletter Signup Center to register for this newsletter. TOPICS News | White House | Congress | Russia | 2016 Elections | Donald Trump | Devin Nunes | Kyle Feldscher | Intelligence Committee Subscribe to Alerts + News + White House + Congress + Russia + 2016 Elections + Donald Trump + Devin Nunes + Kyle Feldscher + Intelligence Committee Learn more about Washington Examiner's Alerts The Washington Examiner http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/s3/wex15/img/wex_eagle_large.png The Washington Examiner 2017 Washington, DC Politics 2017-03-29 http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/gop-lawmaker-senate-should-lead-on-russia-after-house-controversy/article/2618759 2017-03-29T12:21 2017-03-29T12:21 GOP lawmaker: Senate should lead on Russia after House controversy A House Republican believes the Senate is going to have to come up with the definitive report on Russian influence on the 2016 presidential election because the House's work is too politicized. Rep. Charlie Dent, R-Pa., said on CNN Wednesday that the controversy around House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes and his decision to brief the press President Trump on new information in the investigation before briefing the committee is too political. At this point, the Senate Intelligence Committee's work is more non-partisan and less political and will need to be the place to watch, Dent said. The Senate is going to lead this discussion, this investigation, into the Russian meddling into the election, Dent said. I think that's where we are. It's unfortunate where we are in the House. It seems like there's not going to be a House report … on the Russian meddling, so I think we should turn our eyes to the Senate and come to a resolution. Politics,News,White House,Congress,Russia,2016 Elections,Donald Trump,Minusextra,Devin Nunes,Kyle Feldscher,Intelligence Committee http://cdn.washingtonexaminer.biz/cache/360x205-69f441b4d2ab1b7756907c39b7f84277.jpg http://cdn.washingtonexaminer.biz/cache/360x205-69f441b4d2ab1b7756907c39b7f84277.jpg 280280 Loading Next Article × THANKS FOR SHARING! Sign up for the Examiner Today newsletter which delivers a must-read briefing with exclusive reports and cutting-edge insights direct to your mailbox. I’ve already done this. Please don't show this to me again Can't find what you're looking for? Home About Us Magazine & Archives Editorial Advertise Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Close Ad
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Intel Says Its 10nm Chips Will Be A ‘Full Generation’ Ahead Of Samsung By Adnan Farooqui on 03/29/2017 08:13 PDT Intel’s 10 nanometer Cannon Lake chips have long been delayed but that’s not stopping the company from trying to increase the hype surrounding them. The company is claiming that its 10 nanometer Cannon Lake chips will be a “full generation” ahead of those from rivals like Samsung and TSMC when they finally arrive. Intel says that this will be possible due to “hyper scaling” which basically incorporates twice as many transistors in the same space. The company says that its Cannon Lake chips will deliver a 25 percent improvement in performance and 45 percent improvement in power efficiency compared to the existing Kaby Lake processors when they finally arrive before the end of this year. These are certainly tall claims from Intel particularly when you consider the fact that rivals like Samsung are already producing chips on the 10 nanometer process, chips like the Qualcomm Snapdragon 835, which will power almost all Android flagship smartphones this year. Samsung’s own Exynos 8895 processor is based on the 10nm process. Intel points out that while the chip trace sizes will remain the same, its chips will have better feature density and will have twice as many transistors in the same size as the chips from Samsung. This will allow the company to “continue the economics of Moore’s Law” by producing smaller die sizes. Intel is even planning to come out with enhanced versions of its 10nm chips down the line which will be called 10+ and 10++. They will promise a 15 and 30 percent boost in performance respectively. Filed in Computers. Read more about Intel and Samsung. Source: newsroom.intel Related Articles 2017-03-28 Samsung May Offer Free Wireless Speaker With Galaxy S8 In Some Markets 2017-03-28 Galaxy S8 Might Face Supply Issues 2017-03-27 Refurbished Galaxy Note 7 Won’t Be Sold In The US 2017-03-27 Alleged Galaxy S8 Gets Benchmarked On AnTuTu 2016-04-11 Samsung Catching Up To Intel In Semiconductor Market Share 2015-05-21 Samsung Reportedly Working On Intel Tablet Codenamed “CHOPIN” 2014-10-19 Samsung Chromebook 2 With Intel Chip Available Now For $250 2014-07-08 Samsung, Dell And Intel Team Up To Advance The IoT Cause Sony Announces ‘Venom’ Movie For Release Next Year Lucid Motors' Electric Car Price Confirmed Woman's Headphones Explode Mid-Flight Google’s Allo Can Reveal Your Search History To Your Friends Project Scorpio To Feature Internal Power Supply And 4K Game DVR Google And Levi's Smart Jacket Launches This Fall For $350 Pre-Order Project Scorpio Page Goes Live On Microsoft Store Film Company Trolls Pirates With Fake KickassTorrents Website User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Intel Appoints Chief Strategy Officer Aicha S. Evans was appointed to the role of chief strategy officer at Intel Corporation on Wednesday, March 29, 2017. (Credit: Intel Corporation) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Aicha S. Evans was appointed to the role of chief strategy officer at Intel Corporation on Wednesday, March 29, 2017. (Credit: Intel Corporation) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail March 29, 2017 11:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time SANTA CLARA, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Intel Corporation today announced the appointment of Aicha S. Evans as chief strategy officer, effective immediately. She will be responsible for driving Intel’s long-term strategy to transform from a PC-centric company to a data-centric company, as well as leading rapid decision making and company-wide execution of the strategy. “Aicha is an industry visionary who will help our senior management team and the board of directors focus on what’s next for Intel,” Intel CEO Brian Krzanich said. “Her new role reflects her strong strategic leadership across Intel’s business, most importantly in 5G and other communications technology. Her invaluable expertise will contribute to the company’s long-term strategy and product portfolio.” “I look forward to working across the company to advance Intel’s ongoing transformation,” Evans said. “We have an exciting future ahead us.” Evans is an Intel senior vice president and has been responsible for wireless communications for the past nine years. Most recently, she was the general manager of the Communication and Devices Group. Evans joined Intel in 2006 and is based in Santa Clara, Calif. In her new role, she will report to Intel CFO Bob Swan. An internal and external search is underway for a new general manager of Intel’s Communication and Devices Group. About Intel Intel (NASDAQ: INTC) expands the boundaries of technology to make the most amazing experiences possible. Information about Intel can be found at newsroom.intel.com and intel.com. Intel and the Intel logo are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the United States and other countries. *Other names and brands may be claimed as the property of others. Contacts Intel Corporation Investor Relations Mark Henninger, 408-653-9944 mark.h.henninger@intel.com or Media Relations Laura Anderson, 480-552-9020 laura.m.anderson@intel.com Release Summary Intel Corporation announces the appointment of Aicha S. Evans as the company's chief strategy officer. Contacts Intel Corporation Investor Relations Mark Henninger, 408-653-9944 mark.h.henninger@intel.com or Media Relations Laura Anderson, 480-552-9020 laura.m.anderson@intel.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump ObamaCare Neil Gorsuch Just In... North Carolina leaders reach deal to repeal transgender bathroom law State Watch — 2h 56m ago Federal judge extends order blocking Trump's revised travel ban Blog Briefing Room — 3h 28m ago Kelly: DHS won't separate families crossing border Administration — 3h 38m ago State Dept. to remove human rights conditions of Bahrain jet deal: report Administration — 4h 5m ago Wasserman Schultz to Sanders: Dems are already a grassroots party News — 4h 40m ago Comey: FBI is 'not on anybody's side' News — 4h 53m ago Obama WH ethics lawyer: Ivanka's job is nepotism Blog Briefing Room — 5h 9m ago White House extends Obama executive order on cyber threats Cybersecurity — 5h 25m ago view all   House GOP lawmaker: Senate should run Russia probe By Mark Hensch - 03/29/17 10:22 AM EDT 958   JUST NOW: “We have to turn our eyes to the Senate” GOP House member @RepCharlieDent on House Intel investigation.https://t.co/cCzSmAnusM— John Berman (@JohnBerman) March 29, 2017 Rep. Charlie Dent (R-Pa.) says the Senate Intelligence Committee should lead the probe into Russia’s interference in the 2016 presidential election following controversy over its House counterpart. "It's unfortunate where we are in the House," Dent said Wednesday on "CNN Newsroom." "It seems like there’s not going to be a House report on intelligence, on the Russian meddling." "My sense right now is that the House is in a situation where the issue has become overly politicized," Dent continued. "It doesn’t seem like there’s much cooperation on either side." ADVERTISEMENT "I think the Senate is moving on a better trajectory," he added. "I think we're going to have to rely on the Senate for a report on this Russian meddling in the election." House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes (R-Calif.) has been under fire from Democrats since last week, when he briefed President Trump about claims that the U.S. intelligence community had incidentally collected information on Trump's transition team. It was revealed on Monday that Nunes, who served on Trump's transition team, secretly visited White House grounds last week the day before revealing the claims. Democrats have demanded that Nunes recuse himself from his panel's investigation of Russian intervention in the election, something the GOP chairman on Tuesday rejected. “Why would I not [continue to lead the investigation]?” he asked reporters. "I’d like to answer your question, but I’d like to know first why that would be. Help me understand.” Rep. Walter Jones (N.C.) on Tuesday became the first GOP lawmaker to demand Nunes’s recusal, telling The Hill that Nunes should “absolutely” step aside from the House Intelligence panel’s Russia probe. “That’s the only way you can bring integrity to the process,” Jones said. Tags Russia Charlie Dent Devin Nunes House Senate national intelligence Politics   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 How North Korea could kill 90... OPINION | They could deliver a 30 kiloton weapon by land, sea or air, and... 537 Shares 2 Report: Bush called Trump's... Former President George W. Bush reportedly reacted to President Trump's... 245 Shares 3 Senators vow cooperation on Russia... Seven staff members have been allocated to the investigation, chairman... 219 Shares 4 House votes to restrict EPA’s use... The House voted Wednesday to restrict the kind of scientific studies and... 198 Shares 5 Trump's approval rating sinks to... President Trump's job approval rating hit a new low of 35 percent on... 122 Shares 6 FBI Director Comey sought to... FBI Director James Comey sought to publish an op-ed as early as last... 119 Shares 7 Obama WH ethics lawyer: Ivanka's... Former White House ethics lawyer to President Obama Norman Eisen said... 88 Shares 8 NY Times fires back at Trump: 'We... "We stand by our coverage," the newspaper's PR team tweeted. 69 Shares 9 House passes bill undoing Obama... The measure now heads to President Trump's desk.  68 Shares 10 Comey: FBI is 'not on anybody's... FBI Director James Comey on Wednesday said the last year has been easy for... 67 Shares 11 State employee charged in FBI probe A State Department employee pleaded not guilty in court on Wednesday after... 65 Shares 12 How Obama's White House weaponized... OPINION | "At stake is a core principle of our democracy: that elected... 65 Shares 13 Trump not concerned about Mar-a-... President Trump isn't concerned about the rising costs associated with his... 58 Shares 14 North Carolina leaders reach deal... A year-long debate over transgender access to public bathroom and locker... 54 Shares 15 Ivanka Trump will have an official... President Trump’s daughter Ivanka Trump will be an official government... 54 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Politics   House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes (R-CA) speaks to the media about President Donald Trump's allegation that his campaign was the target of wiretaps on Capitol Hill in Washington March 7, 2017. REUTERS/Aaron P. Bernstein    Report: NSA Ready To Share Intel Docs With Congress But DNI Blocking Transfer Kerry Picket Reporter 9:21 AM 03/29/2017      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 5560199 The National Security Agency is ready to distribute intelligence documents related to intelligence intercepts of Trump transition team associates, but the Director of National Intelligence is blocking such an effort for now, Fox News reports. Fox has learned that the NSA is prepared to share the documents with the intelligence committees. But DNI is blocking that transfer for now. — Chad Pergram (@ChadPergram) March 28, 2017   Nunes on if docs on Trump intercepts would be available this wk: I hope so..it’s a slow process. — Chad Pergram (@ChadPergram) March 28, 2017 A spokesman for the Director of National Intelligence disputed this report calling it “not correct.” House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes has been under increasing pressure to back up a claim he made last Wednesday, when he told reporters that the intelligence community may have incidentally collected communications of Donald Trump and his team. Nunes later revealed he viewed classified information about the surveillance on White House grounds in a Sensitive Compartmented Information Facility (SCIF) last Tuesday. The Office of the Director of National Intelligence (ODNI) and the National Security Council both have separate SCIFs at the White House, and it is unknown which SCIF Nunes used. Democrats on the House Intelligence Committee say Nunes did not inform them of what he learned in the SCIF and have called for Nunes to recuse himself from the Russia probe. Nunes has declined. *This story has been updated with the response of the DNI Follow Kerry on Twitter Tags: Devin Nunes, National Security Agency, Office of the Director of National Intelligence Hide Comments   Show comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds. KitGuru The KitGuru System Home News Reviews Gaming Lifestyle Mobile Professional Forum Home / Tech News / Announcements / 61% of KitGuru readers polled own Nvidia graphics 61% of KitGuru readers polled own Nvidia graphics Allan 'Zardon' Campbell 19 hours ago Announcements, Channel, Featured Announcement, Graphics On Monday we ran a little public poll on our Facebook page. Around 2,000 readers answered and today, as promised, we share the results. No, This is not an AMD versus Nvidia editorial because that always gets much too heated and people end up arguing over nothing. We simply wanted to know how many of you are running AMD or Nvidia graphics in your systems in 2017. The results are interesting. The latest STEAM hardware survey shows that almost 60% of their user base are using Nvidia graphics, with almost 24% running with AMD hardware. Another 16.2% of the STEAM base are using Intel integrated, which in itself is a scary thought. The last time I tried to game with Intel integrated was not a pleasant experience. We didn’t offer an Intel integrated option, but out of the people polled, almost 61% said they were gaming with Nvidia graphics. 39.2% said they were using AMD hardware – which is a pretty impressive result considering the AMD release cycle has been quiet for some time. With AMD VEGA around the corner we would imagine people are hanging fire on an upgrade, possibly a large percentage of AMD fans waiting on the new hardware to be released. AMD VEGA has been much hyped in recent weeks, and Scott Herkelman, vice president and general manager of Radeon gaming at AMD suggested that 4GB of HBM2 Vega graphics card memory could have similar bandwidth against the 11GB of memory fitted to the GTX 1080ti. All of this has to be taken with a pinch of salt, well until key review sites like KitGuru get their hands on the hardware. KitGuru says: Are you waiting on the new AMD cards before you get yourself an upgrade or did you already invest in one of the new Nvidia cards such as the GTX1080 ti? Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Pinterest Previous Seasonic PRIME 850W Platinum PSU Review Next Superscreen lets you turn any smartphone into a tablet Check Also Nvidia ‘Prepare for Battle’ promo now includes the GTX 1060 Over the last couple of months, Nvidia and Ubisoft have been teaming up to run … Trooper I am waiting to see what Vega has to offer. If it turns out to be a let down then I’ll end up getting the 1080 Ti. John I think with all honestly its unlikely AMD vega will beat the GTX1080ti. Its unlikely it will even get close iMO. Heervristi all these speculations…. Josh Montano Unlikely. I also thought it was unlikely that Ryzen would have such impressive workstation numbers. Seems AMD likes to show us up, when we doubt them. And they also like to take their sweet ass time, which isn’t a bad thing. Having to upgrade your CPU/GPU to the next best thing every 3 months gets tiresome. I, personally, am EXTREMELY excited to see what the RX500 series brings us. My RX480 was one of the best investments I’ve made in a while, and I wouldn’t mind continuing that trend. Kevin Mangkornkaew What are you talking about? The Vega was showcased in Doom and it did better than the Titan XP? So obviously it will be close to 1080TI John So you believe AMD running a game test and thats it? Wow what an easy sell you are. A company set up VEGA in one game with a system we don’t know, and settings we can’t confirm and you are already out with the AMD fanboy tattoos on your forehead claiming a witchhunt. It must be easy selling shit to you guys as you never want verification or proof. Muppets. John Actually I knew Ryzen would deliver, but I knew it wouldn’t beat Intel Skylake or Kaby Lake in gaming. and it didn’t. Ive been a strong supporter for Ryzen when idiots were in here saying ‘Oh Wow that sucks’. As they skipped over the pages showing it beating a 6950X at three times the price in some productivity/rendering tests. I have little faith in AMD graphics to be honest – cause ive had so many fail over the years, and seen so many rebadged crap from them its hard to have faith. They tried to sell us on memory count for 4k, they did a 180 when their flagship Fury X had half the memory of the lower cost 480 ( 4GB v 8GB) at twice the price. Suddenly AMD said 8GB of memory isn’t that important for 4k gaming. 580 will be rebadged 480 with a price hike and probably another 50mhz core clock speed. My point is this – stop blindly believing all these companies say as gospel and forking out money for stuff you don’t need. John yes, exciting isn’t it ? got yours on preorder already I would assume? maybe even two, for Crossfire? Diamantis Wildfire Actually.. plenty youtubers confirm the max settings of Doom running on Vega. Even Linus confirmed, check it out 🙂 Luke Patchett I’m a waiting for Vega personally, it’d be a nice upgrade from my R9 Fury that i currently have in my main PC John Oh god, a Linus and youtube watcher. that says its all. ill check out Linus when I get a time travel machine and become 18 again, sure…… WhateverYouWantItToBe You might be right, AMD have been trying to capture markets outside of the very top. I think the RX 480 did a good job of that, and it’s a shame that the 580 is rumoured to have no physical improvements. I hope it’s wrong and that rumour was for the 570. The Fury cards were also pretty cool but poorly marketed and the Fury Nano could have been something great for the micro machines that are getting popular but was a little too expensive for the performance it delivered. We shall see. I think Vega will be pretty impressive, but 1080 Ti may be a little too much to ask. Nikolas Karampelas I still hold on my 7580 only because I have very long upgrade circles. I go with AMD so far because I want to see balance in the market and because it is not like they have any problem that will keep me from getting one. They perform identically with nvidias at the price range and never had any major problem with drivers or the hardware itself. After all always nvidia and amd seem to place their cards in between each other in pricing and performance, I remember when I got my 7850 one step higher in price and performance was the nvidia 560TI and one step lower in cost and performance was 560, so really I just pick the one with the lower market share. Who knows maybe I will go with nvidia if they ever be on the other side (I doubt it, but anyway) Kevin Mangkornkaew It gives us some sort of idea of what it is capable of John. So yeah i believe it’s enough to make an assumption where on the performance chart it is standing. You said it’s unlikely it will even be close, which is why i referred to the Vega GPU running Doom. Also yeah you asked for the settings which was confirmed by youtubers such as linus etc. Heervristi i’m running a Fury right now. I don’t need a new GPU for the coming 2 years … valgarlienheart . Waiting for Vega, little let down at the moment, the best AMD card for sale is the 480, you can’t even pick up a Fury new (for a reasonable price), bit of an AMD fan boy but they really need to pull their f-ing finger out with Vega, I don’t care if it’s not as good as a 1080Ti I want good value for money that can play 4K. Additionally Ryzen has been a bit of a let down, purely because it’s so half-assed at the moment with memory. RemoveSaracen Not even close, it was about 10% faster than a stock 1080. Lelisevis Ah it’s St John, you don’t half spend a lot of time preaching, do we have to take everything you say as Gospel? You’ve already put your money down on a GTX1080ti so it’s highly unlikely you are going to find anything positive to say about Vega, why are you hanging around here trolling? A truly wise man would have put his money aside and waited for the GPU dust to settle, after all you have demonstrated you are patient enough to wait for a motherboard to pair with the AMD processor you bought a month ago, I mean you had enough faith in AMD then what makes you think they can’t pull off two successes in a row? Kevin Mangkornkaew If i remember correctly i think it was an overclocked 1080 RemoveSaracen Bang4Buck PC Gamer on Youtube showed that an OC’ed 1080 matches it. Check it out. Joe Vaughn Chief executive officer of Yahoo!, is suggesting people to begin “Work at home” method, that Loads of marketers have been doing more than twelve months now. This season alone, I generated close to $36k until now with nothing but my computer and some leisure time, despite that i have a full-time 9 to five job. Even people new to this, can make $50/per h undoubtedly and the earnings may go even higher as time passes… This is how i started >> http://adultadda­.­net/2Xn Jimmy Q Doom because of Vulkan and AoTS because of DX12…. You just confirmed what John said. Jimmy Q 11K subs, horrible like to dislike ratio. Also, AMD only showed one screenshot of settings. Wait for the fkn reviews. Jimmy Q That’s the only way AMD comes out ahead. 🙂 Jimmy Q Lots of people running Ryzen with 3600MHz… valgarlienheart . I know some have, but only certain types of RAM, also I know of many that have tried and failed Helensbarnes Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours and have longer with friends & family! !mj232d: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I’ve had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !mj232d: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialJobsCash232ShopGlobalGetPay$97Hour… ★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★:::::!mj232d:….,……. Polls Which CPU air cooler next? Antec Arctic be quiet! Cooler Master Noctua Phanteks Thermaltake Sorry - Liquid only View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive KitGuru Facebook Archives Archives Select Month March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010  Contact Us © Copyright 2017, Kitguru.net All Rights Reserved
POLITICO Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure PRO Already a Pro? Why Go Pro? Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results POLITICO Live POLITICO Live Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About POLITICO Live Multimedia All Video POLITICO Podcasts Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 The First 100 Days: Trade Connect With Us A Liberal Fantasy Ripped from a Hollywood Script Democrats want to make GOP pay for attacking internet rules Senate steps up as House Russia probe flails No worries for Nunes back home Sean Spicer’s kiss of death: ‘Phenomenal’ Trump’s loose grip on history is biting him Politico Huddle A play-by-play preview of the day's congressional news Get the Huddle Newsletter Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time. Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print GOING NUCLEAR? GOP PROMISES VICTORY ON GORSUCH – Republicans rally around Nunes – OBAMACARE REPEAL STUCK IN THE MUD -- Trump and Schumer, a bromance gone wrong 03/29/17 08:01 AM EDT By Heather Caygle (hcaygle@politico.com or @heatherscope) ANYTHING FOR A WIN — With Republicans desperate for a win after the Obamacare repeal fiasco, confirming Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court could be just the morale boost they need. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has publicly vowed Gorsuch will be confirmed before senators leave for the mid-April recess, whether Democrats play along or not. Behind closed doors this week, McConnell told his team what’s becoming increasingly obvious: Gorsuch isn’t going to get the 60 votes needed to break a filibuster, Seung Min and Burgess report. Story Continued Below ‘Feel no guilt’: But, McConnell added, Republicans should “feel no guilt” about pulling the nuclear option to ensure Gorsuch is sitting on the high court. There are really no other legislative victories on the horizon for the GOP: Tax reform is months away at best and health care is stuck in the mud. “His confirmation is, to put it mildly, a can’t-lose for Republicans,” SMK and Burgess write. Confirming Gorsuch “will be the kind of victory that I think a lot of our people who support us want to see,” Sen. John Thune said. “They want to see us get things done. We’ll get that done, so hopefully we’ll get an accomplishment.” More: http://politi.co/2nLjyvH REPUBLICANS RALLY AROUND NUNES — House Republicans from Speaker Ryan on down the chain are standing by House Intel Chairman Devin Nunes, even as top Democrats demand he recuse himself from the Russia probe. Intel Democrats are incensed they still haven't seen intelligence about communications between Trump transition officials that Nunes briefed the president on last week. The House probe is now effectively on hold, Karoun Demirjian reports for the Washington Post: http://wapo.st/2oxvHBk Nunes is also under fire for canceling a hearing planned for yesterday that would have featured testimony from several Obama administration officials, including former deputy AG Sally Yates. Nunes canceled the hearing after the White House sought to block Yates from testifying about former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn’s contact with Russia, the Washington Post reported Tuesday. Austin and Martin Matishak with the latest: http://politi.co/2nghkAq Across the Capitol, you’ll find a mix of opinions about the House controversy: “I serve in the Senate. I don’t have any observations to make about the House effort,” McConnell said Tuesday. But GOP Sen. Lindsey Graham had a much different take, saying Nunes has went off on an “Inspector Clouseau” investigation and may have “lost his ability to lead.” This afternoon: Senate Intelligence Committee leaders Richard Burr and Mark Warner hold a joint press conference on their Russia investigation. CAUGHT IN A BAD BROMANCE — President Donald Trump and Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, once thought to have a budding relationship, are as cold as ice and have been since around the inauguration. The two see the other as too entrenched in partisan politics and up until a White House dinner for senators Tuesday, the most they’ve interacted since the inauguration was trading barbs on Twitter, Shane Goldmacher and Burgess report. The president’s shout-out to Schumer last night: “Chuck? I see Chuck,” Trump said. “Hello, Chuck." That’s a clown question bro: Newsmax CEO Chris Ruddy, an ally to the president, said Trump calling Schumer a “clown” actually isn’t that bad: “In Donald Trump’s lexicon, it’s not too bad to be called a ‘clown,’” he said. “It’s not an enemy of the state.” More on the Trump-Schumer dynamic: http://politi.co/2o3Guqh ALRIGHT WEDNESDAY, LET’S DO THIS. Welcome to March 29 and thanks for reading POLITICO’s Huddle, the play-by-play guide to all things Capitol Hill. TUESDAY’S MOST CLICKED: Burgess’ sit-down interview with Schumer was the winner. ALL TALK, NO ACTION — House Republicans are insistent their plan to dismantle Obamacare isn’t dead. But behind the scenes, they are nowhere near a consensus on what to do next. Trump’s chief strategist, Steve Bannon, has been in touch with moderates and conservatives to see whether he can help facilitate an agreement. But even that seems far fetched at this point. And with Senate Majority Leader McConnell signaling Tuesday he’s ready to move on, it’s unclear when or if Republicans will revive their repeal efforts. “Where we are on Obamacare, regretfully at the moment, is where the Democrats wanted us to be,” McConnell told reporters. Rachael, Kyle and Bres with more: http://politi.co/2oxlBAE SCHOCK ATTORNEYS PUSH TO HAVE CASE DISMISSED — Lawyers for indicted former Rep. Aaron Schock “claim one of his aides — who was secretly working as an FBI informant — broke the law by stealing information from the Illinois Republican's personal and congressional files,” Bres reports. The ex-aide was not named but appears to be Bryan Rudolph, Schock's former district manager. Schock’s lawyers filed a motion Tuesday and say they will push to have the case thrown out. If that doesn’t work, the defense team will try to bar any evidence collected by the informant from being used in the trial, set for this summer. Bres: http://politi.co/2oxzgYd SCOTUS WATCH: EXPLAINING NELSON’S CHOICE — Sen. Bill Nelson is an institutional centrist who has previously supported ending filibusters for SCOTUS nominees. But he’s also one of 10 Democrats up for reelection in a state Trump won. “Faced with the prospect of a primary challenge in the event he didn’t filibuster and the likelihood of a tough general election campaign against GOP Gov. Rick Scott either way, Nelson chose to lock down his left flank,” Marc Caputo explains on Nelson’s decision to oppose Gorsuch. Much more on how the shift in Sunshine State politics got Nelson to “no” on Gorsuch: http://politi.co/2o3vitM CLYBURN COMPARES TRUMP TO STROM THURMOUND — Can African-American lawmakers work cooperatively with Trump? That was the question posed to Rep. Jim Clyburn, the House’s highest-ranking African-American member. His response: “Strom Thurmond and I were good friends,” Clyburn said Tuesday, referencing the long-time South Carolina segregationist. Clyburn went on to describe Trump as someone who “carries certain American values that are anathema to most black people.” Kyle with more: http://politi.co/2o3Plsl FORMER REP. STOCKMAN INDICTED — “Former U.S. Rep. Steve Stockman and a former congressional aide were indicted Tuesday by a federal grand jury on charges they stole hundreds of thousands of dollars from charitable foundations to fund campaigns and pay personal expenses.” The Houston Chronicle’s Gabrielle Banks with more: http://bit.ly/2oxHY9a STEPPING ASIDE FOR SEN. ROMNEY? Utah Sen. Orrin Hatch told the National Journal’s Alex Rogers he’d consider not running for reelection next year if he could get one person to take his place: Former GOP presidential candidate Mitt Romney. "I've expressed it to him. I can see why he might not want to do it, but I can also see why if he did it, it would be a great thing for America,” Hatch said. More: http://bit.ly/2oxsS3w Tweet du jour: @arogDC: In interview, Sen Hatch told me he went to Garland's office to avoid media "hoopla" and let him know he'd vote for him "when Hillary won" HOUSE KILLS INTERNET PRIVACY RULES — The House voted Tuesday “to repeal Internet privacy protections that were approved by the Federal Communications Commission in the final days of the Obama administration. The Senate voted along party lines to undo the rules last week. The resolution now goes to Trump's desk. The White House said Tuesday it 'strongly supports' the repeal.” CNN: https://cnnmon.ie/2oxCGuj ** A message from USP: How do you ensure drug quality in a global economy? USP works with experts in science and health to develop independent, transparent quality standards for medicine. USP: Helping protect lives by safeguarding the quality of medicines for Americans. Learn more at http://qualitydrugstandards.org/ ** TODAY IN CONGRESS — The House meets at 10 a.m. with first votes around 1:30 p.m. and last votes around 4 p.m. Today’s agenda: http://bit.ly/2nLbKtL. The Senate meets at 10 a.m. with up to 10 hours of debate on a Labor Department rule before a vote. AROUND THE HILL — Rep. Joe Kennedy has a health care press conference at 11 a.m. in the House triangle. Senate Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley and Sens. Lindsey Graham, Mike Lee and Ted Cruz hold a press conference on Neil Gorsuch with former clerks for the judge in front of the Supreme Court at 12:30 p.m. House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi and Reps. Lucille Roybal-Allard, Pramila Jayapal, Nanette Barragán, Lisa Blunt Rochester, Judy Chu, Luis Correa, Anna Eshoo, Sheila Jackson Lee, Zoe Lofgren, Michelle Lujan Grisham, Grace Meng and Carol Shea-Porter speak at a forum on Trump’s immigration policies starting at 2 p.m. in HVC-215. Senate Intel leaders Richard Burr and Mark Warner hold a 2:30 p.m. press conference on their Russia investigation in S-325. TUESDAY’S TRIVIA WINNER — Brad Fitch with the Congressional Management Foundation correctly guessed that “hello girls” was the nickname for the Capitol switchboard operators. Harriott Daley, the first switchboard operator, started in 1898 and retired in 1945. TODAY’S TRIVIA — Brad with today’s question: Which member of Congress created the first congressional website and what was the web address? The first person to correctly answer gets a shout out in tomorrow’s Huddle. And don’t forget, send suggestions for trivia questions my way: hcaygle@politico.com GET HUDDLE emailed to your phone each morning. ** A message from USP: How do you ensure drug quality in a global economy? USP works with experts in science and health to develop independent, transparent quality standards for medicine. From aspirin to zolpidem, our quality standards help ensure products are safe and reliable. We are an essential piece of the safety net that ensures quality standards are met, in order to improve public health in the United States and around the world. USP: Helping protect lives by safeguarding the quality of medicines for Americans. Learn more at http://qualitydrugstandards.org/ ** « View Archives This story tagged under: Congress Most Read Sean Spicer’s kiss of death: ‘Phenomenal’ Trump could blow up Obamacare with one move New York Times to Trump: ‘We did not apologize’ Nunes tries to blame Democrats for troubled Russia probe Poll: Health care debacle takes toll on Trump Energy Department climate office bans use of phrase ‘climate change’ A Liberal Fantasy Ripped from a Hollywood Script Democrat O'Rourke to take on Cruz for Senate in 2018 Trump pokes at Christie over his endorsement Reeling Republicans desperate for a win on Gorsuch Huddle - POLITICO Archive Wednesday, 3/29/17 Tuesday, 3/28/17 Monday, 3/27/17 Friday, 3/24/17 Thursday, 3/23/17 View the Full Huddle Archives » Politico Magazine The Crisis of Trumpism By Rich Lowry When Is It OK for Democrats to Work With Trump? A Handy Guide By Bill Scher ‘They Think We Are Slaves’ By Zack Kopplin Four Things Trump Could Do Right Now To Fix Obamacare By Michael Grunwald More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video Podcasts POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York POLITICO Live Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Print Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Home Search Silicon IP Search Verification IP Latest News Industry Articles Industry Expert Blogs Videos Slides Events ≡ Menu Design And Reuse Login | Subscribe Company | design-reuse.cn | dr-embedded.com | D&R Products | English Chinese Login | Subscribe to D&R SoC News Alert Design And Reuse Search IP Categories Silicon IP Analog & Mixed Signal Storage Controller & PHY Graphic & Peripheral Interface Controller & PHY Processors & Microcontrollers Memory & Logic Library Security Multimedia Wireline Communication Wireless Communication Silicon IP Vendors   Verification IP Search / Browse Verification IP Vendors Software IP Search / Browse Software IP Vendors     Additional Services Wanted IPs IP Analytics Featured Products 40nm BT4.0/ BT4.2/BT5.0/15.4 SoC radio LPDDR4 multiPHY - TSMC 16FF+GL18 USB 2.0 femtoPHY - TSMC 16FFC, FFPGL, FFPL x1, OTG, North/South (vertical) poly orientation MIPI MPHY Multi-Gear HS-Gear3 Type 1 2Tx2RX - TSMC 16FF+GL 1.8V, North/South Poly News Categories IP/SoC Products Embedded Systems Foundries FPGA Fabless / IDM Deals Legal Business Financial Results People Commentary / Analysis 20 Most Popular News Latest News Argon Design signs up first licensee for Argon360 real-time video stitching IP Thursday Mar. 30, 2017 ​ATTOPSEMI Technology Joins FDXcelerator Program to Deliver Advanced Non-Volatile Memory IP to GLOBALFOUNDRIES 22 FDX Technology Platform Tuesday Mar. 28, 2017 PLDA Announces Multiple Corporate-Wide Licenses for their XpressSWITCH PCIe 4.0 Switch IP Monday Mar. 27, 2017 Industry Articles Categories IP/SoC Products Embedded Systems Foundries FPGA Business 20 Most Popular Articles Featured Articles The Functional Safety Imperative in Automotive Design Monday Mar. 20, 2017 IP Breadcrumbs Method for tracking IP versions in SOC Database Monday Mar. 06, 2017 Design Rule Checks (DRC) - A Practical View for 28nm Technology Monday Feb. 27, 2017 Blogs Industry Expert Blogs SerDes signal integrity challenges at 28Gbps and beyond Rambus Blog - TSMC Technology Roadmaps Breakfast Bytes - Paul McLellan ARM DynamIQ: Technology for the next era of compute ARM Blogs - Govind Wathan, ARM Videos Slides Events IP-SOC Days 2017 IP-SOC 2016 Archives IP-SOC 2016 IP-SOC 2015 IP-SOC 2014 IP-SOC 2013 IP-SOC 2012 IP-SOC 2011 IP-SOC 2010 Choose a filter Full Site Search Silicon IP Verification IP Software IP News Industry Articles Intel Unveils 10, 22nm Processes Transistor-density metric proposed Rick Merritt, EETimes 3/28/2017 08:45 PM EDT SAN FRANCISCO – Intel will start making 10nm chips this year it claims will lead the industry in transistor density using a metric it challenged rivals to adopt. Separately, it announced a 22nm low-power FinFET node to compete for foundry business with fully depleted silicon-on-insulator (FD-SOI) from rivals such as Globalfoundries. At 10nm, Intel will pack 100.8 million transistors per square millimeter. It estimated 10nm foundry processes now in production from TSMC and Samsung have about half that density. Intel’s metric averages density of a small and a large logic cell. Specifically, it uses a two-input NAND cell with two active gates and a scan flip-flop cell with as many as 25 active gates. Click here to read more ... E-mail This Article Printer-Friendly Page Search Silicon IP 16,000 IP Cores from 450 Vendors   Related News Intel Custom Foundry Certifies Synopsys Implementation and Signoff Tools for 10-nm Tri-Gate Process Intel sees quad-patterned path to 10 nm chips Tabula Confirms Move to Intel's 22nm Process Featuring 3-D Tri-Gate Transistors Achronix and Mentor Graphics provide state of the art physical synthesis support for Speedster22i FPGAs - the world's most advanced FPGAs leveraging Intel's 22nm process technology Achronix to Build the World's Most Advanced Field Programmable Gate Arrays (FPGAs) on Intel 22nm Process Technology   Breaking News IC Insights More Than Doubles its 2017 IC Market Growth Forecast Argon Design signs up first licensee for Argon360 real-time video stitching IP Intel Unveils 10, 22nm Processes Patent Trolls Plague Chip Vendors TDK's subsidiary TDK-Micronas to acquire ASIC specialist ICsense to further grow its sensor business   See Latest News >> Most Popular Intel Unveils 10, 22nm Processes NXP Announces ARM Cortex-M4-based MCU with Industry's Largest Embedded SRAM Memory, Optimized for Portable Devices Roadmap Says CMOS Ends ~2024 TDK's subsidiary TDK-Micronas to acquire ASIC specialist ICsense to further grow its sensor business GlobalSign Joins ARM mbed IoT Device Platform Partnership Program   See the Top 20 >> EETimes © 2017 Design And Reuse All Rights Reserved. No portion of this site may be copied, retransmitted, reposted, duplicated or otherwise used without the express written permission of Design And Reuse. Partner with us Visit our new Partnership Portal for more information. Partner with us List your Products Suppliers, list your IPs for free. List your Products Design-Reuse.com Contact Us About us D&R Partner Program Advertise with Us Privacy Policy
IE Home Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Gadgets Review Photos Videos Mobile & Tabs Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Tech News Uber’s diversity report leaves out the most important thing Uber’s diversity report leaves out the most important thing By: Bloomberg | Uber | Updated: March 29, 2017 1:36 pm Uber is now investigating Fowler’s claims, and the company promised to release findings from that investigation next month. ( Source: Bloomberg) After weeks of scandal, Uber released its first report Tuesday detailing the gender breakdown and racial makeup of its employees. Though welcomed by diversity advocates, the revelations weren’t that surprising: Within engineering, only 15 percent are women and 6 percent are black, Latino or multiracial, which makes Uber not that different from other tech companies, where those groups make up a tiny fraction of the technical workforce. In fact, the more illuminating piece of data about diversity at Uber isn’t in its report at all. Retention — the percentage of each demographic group that stays at the company each year — reveals more about the hospitality of the workplace culture than the percentage of white and Asian men there overall. Most companies, including Uber and its peers in Silicon Valley, track it. They just don’t make it public. Retention data is a proxy for job satisfaction, and tech companies won’t be able to build the diverse workforces they claim to be working toward unless they can hold onto the small fraction of female and minority employees they successfully recruit. Since 2014, demographics at Apple Inc., Facebook Inc., Google, Twitter Inc. and others have stayed roughly the same: Women make up about 17 percent of technical workers; only about 6 percent are black or Latino. Women make up about 17 percent of technical workers; only about 6 percent are black or Latino. (Source: Bloomberg) Across industries, few companies release employee retention data, but tech firms have consistently held themselves up as meritocracies, based on data-focused decision-making. At the same time, they’ve assembled homogeneous employee bases, and come under fire for tolerating behavior and attitudes that make minorities feel unwelcome. As far as data and transparency, they have mostly stuck to releasing annual demographic breakdowns and the occasional tidbit about the race and gender of new hires. “People are looking for ways to tell a good story around their diversity and inclusion efforts,” said Ellen Pao, co-founder of Project Include, which advocates for more diversity in Silicon Valley. “The fact that tech companies aren’t sharing their retention numbers indicates those numbers likely aren’t good.” A handful of industry-wide studies support Pao’s suspicion, at least as far as women are concerned. A 2008 survey of women in tech found that female workers in the industry leave their jobs at twice the rate of men. A 2013 study found that after about 12 years, 50 percent of women in STEM fields — mostly in computing and engineering — changed their professions, compared with 20 percent of professional women in non-STEM fields. The studies didn’t ask the same questions of other underrepresented groups, though a new study expected in April from the Kapor Center for Social Impact will. Also Read: US: Uber suspends self-driving cars after crash Meanwhile, retention numbers are trickling out of the Valley’s biggest companies. In a recent essay, former Uber Technologies Inc. software engineer Susan Fowler described how her request to transfer to another team was denied, and she couldn’t figure out why. Later, she learned, her manager was more concerned with maintaining the retention rate on his team. “It turned out that keeping me on the team made my manager look good,” Fowler wrote. “I overheard him boasting to the rest of the team that even though the rest of the teams were losing their women engineers left and right, he still had some on his team.” Fowler took it upon herself to estimate the retention rate for her department, which had gone from about 25 percent female to 6 percent in a year, according to her post. “Women were transferring out of the organization, and those who couldn’t transfer were quitting or preparing to quit,” she wrote. “There were two major reasons for this: there was the organizational chaos, and there was also the sexism within the organization.” Fowler left Uber in December. Uber declined to comment on its retention rates. The two major reasons women were quitting or preparing to quit was organisational chaos and sexism within the organisation. (Demographic percentage of women working in Uber, Source: Bloomberg) Uber is now investigating Fowler’s claims, and the company promised to release findings from that investigation next month. But it had long been tight-lipped about any diversity-related data. Even recruiters tasked with hiring more people from underrepresented groups were denied access to information about the company’s makeup, Bloomberg reported last week. Tech companies all collect data on retention, said Joelle Emerson, CEO of Paradigm, which consults with Silicon Valley firms about diversity. “So it’s just about analyzing and reviewing this information regularly.” So far, only Intel Corp. has released this data. The company had long tracked its retention rate internally, and it wasn’t good: Underrepresented races and women were more likely to leave the company than white or Asian men. But after Intel started to release retention data in 2015, it set a goal for the next year to keep exit rates even for all groups and reached it in 2016. Next year’s goal is to retain underrepresented groups at a higher rate than their counterparts. Also Read: Secret Uber software steers drivers from stings Intel Chief Diversity Officer Danielle Brown acknowledges that publishing the info can be scary. “Are there risks? Sure,” she said. “No one wants to put out a bad retention number that makes it look like there’s a problem.” Collecting and publicizing retention data is important because tech companies are often more swayed by hard numbers than personal anecdotes, said Erica Joy Baker, another member of Project Include who left her job as a software engineer at Alphabet Inc.’s Google in 2015. The year before, she had written publicly about the challenge of being one of the few black women at Google. In 2015 Baker made a public call on Twitter, using the hashtag #RealDiversityNumbers, for tech companies to release retention rates and other metrics instead of just demographic breakdowns. “People leaving the company is the strongest signal that something has gone wrong,” she said. Uber has long been tight lipped over releasing any diversity related data (Image for representation, Source: Reuters) Around the same time Baker left Google, other women who had departed the company shared their experiences of casual sexism and sexual harassment on Twitter. But it wasn’t the most effective medium. “Had that been presented in data form, or if the company had had to report that one year, some percentage of their women in engineering left, I think they would have been more incentivized to work on that,” Baker said. Google declined to comment. Some turnover can be healthy, and exit rates can vary widely between companies and from year to year. Retention metrics can also hide perverse incentives — employees who don’t leave because they can’t find a better job, or those who stick around longer than usual to take advantage of stock options. Because so few companies make the data public, there isn’t really a known standard, said Emerson, the diversity consultant. No matter what the numbers are, she added, companies should aim to not see big disparities in the retention rate across demographic groups. Nevertheless, the retention metric remains a critical indicator of culture inside a business that isn’t shown by hiring data, said Freada Kapor Klein, co-chair at the Kapor Center. Companies are reluctant to release it for now, but they might be convinced if it starts to hinder them in one important way: hiring. Also Read: As criticism mounts, Uber seeks chief operating officer to temper CEO “Any woman engineer, any engineer of color who is looking for a respectful work environment and has some options about where they might go, ought to be asking companies that they’re interviewing with for retention data,” Kapor Klein said. “When highly sought-after talent begins to demand the information, companies have to pay attention.” For all the latest Tech News, download Indian Express App now Tags: Uber Best of Express CitiesRecover Rs 97 crore from AAP for advertisements: Delhi LG Anil Baijal EntertainmentNaam Shabana movie review: Taapsee Pannu's action, Akshay Kumar are highlights of this film EntertainmentBaahubali 1 earned Rs 600 crore but made zero profit. The reason is Baahubali 2 EntertainmentShah Rukh Khan has a 'spidey boom' at home as AbRam becomes Spider-Man, see pic EntertainmentIs this Ranveer Singh's most drastic look ever? Check out his latest transformation, see pic Must Read SportsIndia-Australia series into four frames SportsHodge apologises to Kohli; says 'meant no ill intention' SportsAshwin takes a dig at Hodge for his comments on Kohli TechnologySamsung Galaxy S8 vs Apple iPhone 7 vs Google Pixel: Specifications battle TechnologySamsung Galaxy S8 unboxes Bixby, but still lacks the shock and awe TechnologySamsung Galaxy S8, S8+goes official: Infinity Display and other specifications LifestyleNavratri Special: 3 quirky recipes to feast on the festival Mar 30: Latest News Nikki Haley says open to ideas on UNSC reform Uber crash shows human traits in self driving software Shah Rukh Khan has a ‘spidey boom’ at home as AbRam becomes Spider-Man, see pic Amit Shah must apologise to the people of Goa, demands Congress Karan Johar’s twins Yash, Roohi meet Varun Dhawan and Sidharth Malhotra at home, see pics                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
CBS News Logo CBS News News Latest US World Politics Entertainment Health MoneyWatch SciTech Crime Sports Shows Video More In Depth Photos Mobile Radio Local Shop Log in/out Search CBSN Toggle video CBS News March 29, 2017, 2:00 AM Today in Trump: March 29, 2017 U.S. President Donald Trump smiles while attending a Women in Healthcare panel at the White House in Washington, U.S., March 22, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque - RTX326YK REUTERS Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Last Updated Mar 29, 2017 10:34 PM EDT Today in the Trump Administration Richard Burr: Senate Russia probe has seven full-time staffers The Senate Intelligence Committee has seven full-time professional staff members working to evaluate intelligence and documents related to the committee’s investigation on Russian election interference, Chairman Richard Burr (R-N.C.) said Wednesday. “This investigation’s scope will go wherever the intelligence leads it,” he said at a press conference at the Capitol Wednesday afternoon. “So it is absolutely crucial that every day we spend trying to separate fact from fiction and to find some intelligence thread that sends us to the factual side of all the names and all the places that you in this room have written about.” Paul Ryan: US has “special responsibility” to protect allies from Russian meddling Speaker Paul Ryan sat down for an interview with “CBS This Morning” co-host Norah O’Donnell in the Capitol Wednesday afternoon. They discussed the pressing issues of the day, including the investigation into Russia’s meddling in the 2016 presidential election. More from the interview, including Ryan’s views on the failure of his health care legislation and his relationship with President Trump, will air Thursday morning on “CBS This Morning.” Ryan: So the nation, the world super power, the American government needs to do everything we possibly can not only to undercut what they are trying to do but to uncover what they are trying to do and help our allies prevent this from happening. Because with Russia trying to influence elections in Eastern Europe and Europe, around the globe I think we have a special responsibility given our capabilities to make sure we help our allies guard against this meddling by Russia in their elections just like they tried to with our election. Seattle sues Trump administration over “sanctuary city” threat A lawsuit was filed by Seattle on Wednesday over President Trump’s executive order that threatens to withhold federal funds from communities that refuse to cooperate with efforts to find and deport immigrants in the country illegally. Mayor Ed Murray said the order issued in January punishing “sanctuary cities” is unconstitutional and creates uncertainty around the city’s budget. Ivanka Trump will officially become a White House employee Ivanka Trump will become an official — albeit unpaid — government employee subject to ethics rules as an assistant to her father in the White House, CBS News confirmed Wednesday. Trump already has an office in the West Wing, and her husband, Jared Kushner, already serves President Donald Trump as an unpaid senior adviser. Mr. Trump’s 35-year-old daughter has contributed significantly to her father’s campaign, transition, and now, his presidency, drawing criticism because she hasn’t been subject to the same ethics rules as an official, on-the-books White House employee.  Her title will be assistant to the president. Can Trump make deals with Congress? After the failure of the health care bill, looking ahead, there’s a large partisan divide on President Trump’s legislative prospects: most Democrats (83 percent) and independents (55 percent) are not confident in his ability to make deals with Congress, but nearly eight in ten Republicans are confident. - CBS News poll Petition about Melania Trump continues to surge in popularity A Change.org petition about first lady Melania Trump continues to explode in popularity, attracting over 230,000 signatures and becoming the site’s most signed campaign this week. The petition calls for her to either move to the White House or personally pay for her New York City security expenses. “The U.S. taxpayer is paying an exorbitant amount of money to protect the First Lady in Trump Tower, located in New York City,” the petition reads. “As to help relieve the national debt, this expense yields no positive results for the nation and should be cut from being funded.” Republicans blame bill, not Trump, for health care defeat President Donald Trump’s overall job approval is at 40 percent, underpinned by continuing strong support from Republicans who don’t appear to blame him for the failed health care bill, a new CBS News Poll shows.    The president’s approval rating is about where it has been since he took office in January. It was at 39 percent in late February and 40 percent in early February. White House staff to skip correspondents’ dinner out of “solidarity” with Trump White House staff said Tuesday that they won’t be attending this year’s White House Correspondents’ Dinner out of “solidarity” with President Trump, who announced last month that he would not be attending the annual event. “The WHCA board regrets this decision very much. We have worked hard to build a constructive relationship with the Trump White House and believe strongly that this goal is possible even with the natural tension between the press and administrations that is a hallmark of a healthy republic,” White House Correspondents Association (WHCA) President Jeff Mason said in a message to members. Trump schedule Gov. Chris Christie is scheduled to attend opioid and drug abuse listening session with President Trump, according to a White House official. Mr. Trump will drop by women’s empowerment panel hosted by Florida AG Pam Bondi. 3 p.m. Melania Trump recognizes courageous women   The first lady joins Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs Thomas Shannon  to present the 2017 Secretary of State’s International Women of Courage award to women who have demonstrated exceptional courage, strength and leadership. 11 a.m. Recent Trump Administration News: Trump executive order will dismantle Obama environmental regulations President Trump will sign a sweeping executive order on Tuesday to begin the process of dismantling environmental regulations implemented under the Obama administration to aggressively fight climate change.  The Energy Independence executive order, which Trump will sign at the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), attacks the core of President Obama’s 2013 Climate Action Plan. A senior White House official said Monday that the order will unwind the “Clean Power Plan,” which set new standards for power plants and restricted greenhouse gas emissions. Former acting AG Sally Yates asked DOJ if she could testify at Russia hearing CBS News has obtained a March 24th letter from the Justice Department to Sally Yates that says that DOJ lacks the authority to give Yates permission to testify before Congress about links between Russian officials and Mr. Trump’s presidential campaign.  Yates had informed the Justice Department that she had intended to testify about the non-classified information related to her concerns “about the conduct of a senior official,” thought to be then-National Security Adviser Michael Flynn. Trump signs executive order dismantling Obama environmental regulations President Trump signed a sweeping executive order on Tuesday to begin the process of dismantling environmental regulations implemented under the Obama administration to aggressively fight climate change.  Mr. Trump hailed it as “the start of a new era in American energy production” in remarks before signing the Energy Independence executive order at the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). His order aims to unwind the core of President Obama’s 2013 Climate Action Plan. The order “directs the EPA to suspend, revise, or rescind the Clean Power Plan.” The Clean Power Plan limits carbon emissions at coal-fired power plants.  Petition: Move Melania Trump to White House, or she can foot security bill More than 108,000 people have signed a petition urging First Lady Melania Trump to move to the White House or pay for security costs at Trump Tower herself. The Change.org petition was started after a senior White House aide indicated the president’s wife and son, Barron, will remain in New York until the school year ends. It’ll be delivered to Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders and Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren if at least 150,000 people sign. Trump tax returns? House Committee marks up a Democratic bill that would direct Treasury secretary to provide House with President Trump’s tax returns. 4 p.m. © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Featured 5 things never to put on a credit card Of all purchases financed with credit cards, here are five to avoid 10 most affordable U.S. cities to retire Fancy living somewhere with low taxes, affordable real estate and a reasonable cost of living? Read on Popular on CBS News CBSN Live pop-out From 60 Minutes Poisoned Prisoner 760 Tortured at Guantanamo, former inmate finds forgiveness Poisoned again? What 60 Minutes learned about Russia's "love of poison" Viewers react to Marine Le Pen's vision of France Play Video The Attack in Garland Play Video Fake News Play Video Chess Country Play Video Update to "Poisoned" Play Video WH quiet on hacking details Play Video Senate's Russia probe Play Video Trump's uranium claim Play Video Melania Trump appearance Previous Next Audio Gallery: David Bowie, Barbra Streisand among additions to National Recording Registry 27 Photos Hundreds arrested in Russia protests 32 Photos Wonder Woman through the years 44 Photos Notable deaths in 2017 33 Photos Spectacular spring flowers Previous Next Most Discussed Republican health care bill on the brink? House GOP cancels vote on health care bill Mulvaney says if you're worried about health care cuts, change your state Trump signs executive order dismantling Obama environmental regulations GOP health care failure will make tax reform much harder New Fire TV App CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Copyright © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. Search
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Business  • Markets •  Money Real Estate Legal Corporate News One News Page > Markets > Trump Asks Why House Intel Committee Isn't Probing The Clintons Trump Asks Why House Intel Committee Isn't Probing The Clintons Donald TrumpDevin NunesAdam Schiff Tuesday, 28 March 2017 (2 days ago) Following a day of drama involving the Chair of the House Intelligence Committee, Devin Nunes, who has been under constant onslaught by Democrats ever since his disclosure last week that Trump had indeed been the object of surveillance, and whose Democrat peer at the Intel panel, Adam Schiff, on Monday night called for Nunes to recuse himself, moments ago Trump waded into the news cycle when he asked on Twitter why the House Intelligence Committee is not investigating the Clintons for various ties of their own to Russia. He then slammed the ongoing anti-Russian witch hunt, saying "the Russia story is a hoax." “Why isn't the House Intelligence Committee looking into the Bill & Hillary deal that allowed big Uranium to go to Russia, Russian speech, money to Bill, the Hillary Russian ‘reset,’ praise of Russia by Hillary, or Podesta Russian Company. Trump Russia story is a hoax. #MAGA!” Trump wrote in two tweets Monday night. Why isn't the House Intelligence Committee looking into the Bill & Hillary deal that allowed big Uranium to go to Russia, Russian speech.... — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 28, 2017 ...money to Bill, the Hillary Russian "reset," praise of Russia by Hillary, or Podesta Russian Company. Trump Russia story is a hoax. #MAGA! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 28, 2017 Trump's rhetorical questions come amid a news cycle which as discussed on various occasions today has focused on the Republican chair of the Intel Committee, Nunes, who is under fire for briefing Trump about classified material he reviewed last week without sharing the information with committee Democrats. On Monday it was revealed that Nunes had secretly visited the White House grounds one day before announcing incidental surveillance of President Trump’s transition team. His visit raised questions about whether the White House could have been was the source of the intelligence Nunes reviewed. Democratic lawmakers have now called on Nunes to recuse himself from the committee’s probe into Russia’s interference in the United States presidential election. Nunes on Monday evening said the chairman would not step aside from the investigation. The republican lawmaker has claimed that his findings had no relevance to the Russia probe, even as the committee examines the unmasking and leaking of surveillance information as part of that investigation. * * * In a follow up tweet, Trump took another stab at the House Freedom Caucus, who he said snatched "defeat from the jaws of victory" - following Friday's failure to repeal and replace plan for ObamaCare.  That followed a Sunday tweet in which he said the conservative House Freedom Caucus, along with the Club for Growth and Heritage Action for America, had “saved” Planned Parenthood and ObamaCare. The Republican House Freedom Caucus was able to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory. After so many bad years they were ready for a win! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 28, 2017 Finally, Trump brought it full circle, touching on Friday's failure to repeal Obamacare, saying "the Democrats will make a deal with me on healthcare as soon as ObamaCare folds - not long. Do not worry, we are in very  good shape! The Democrats will make a deal with me on healthcare as soon as ObamaCare folds - not long. Do not worry, we are in very good shape! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 28, 2017 » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Source: Wochit News - 2 weeks ago< > Embed House Intel Committee Member Talks Trump-Russia Investigation 00:42 On Sunday, California Democratic representative Adam Schiff defended the House Intelligence Committee's continuing investigation of Russia's alleged interference in the 2016 presidential election. During with an interview on "Meet The Press," Schiff, who is a ranking member of the committee said... You Might Like Recent related news Dem Rep. Boyle: House Intel Committee Has Been 'Embarrassment'A Democratic member of the House called the situation surrounding the chamber's Intelligence Committee "an embarrassment."According to The Hill, Rep. Brendan... Newsmax 6 hours ago - Politics Trump: ‘Trump Russia Story Is a Hoax,’ Why Isn’t Intel Committee Looking Into Clintons?*President Trump* took to Twitter again tonight to again say that the "Trump Russia story is a hoax" and question why the House Intelligence Committee isn't... Mediaite 2 days ago - Entertainment Questions Grow Over Devin Nunes' Mystery White House VisitThe mystery surrounding President Donald Trump's claim that he was wiretapped by Barack Obama during the 2016 election campaign deepened on Monday, when it was... Zero Hedge 3 days ago - MarketsAlso reported by •FOXNews.com Trump slams Clintons, 'hoax' Russia story in Twitter tiradePresident Trump tweeted up a storm on Monday night — blasting the House Intelligence Committee for not investigating the Clintons and also declaring the... FOXNews.com 2 days ago - PoliticsAlso reported by •Raw Story House intel committee chair: Former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort has offered to be interviewed by committeeWASHINGTON (AP) " House intel committee chair: Former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort has offered to be interviewed by committee. New Zealand Herald 6 days ago - WorldAlso reported by •Newsy •Zero Hedge •CBS News •NPR Top Dem on House Intel Committee blasts chair for discussing probe with TrumpRep. Adam Schiff, the ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, said the warning by the committee's Republican chairman to the White House about... CBS News 5 days ago - Politics Head Of House Intel Committee Went To White House Grounds To Meet SourceRep. Devin Nunes secretly went to the White House grounds to view classified intelligence, before briefing President Trump and the press on information that... NPR 3 days ago - Politics The View Host Wonders if House Intel Committee Feels Like They’re in an SNL Skit Because of TrumpThe View's Jedediah Bila was stunned by the events of yesterday's House Intelligence Committee hearing. Mediaite 1 week ago - Entertainment Other recent news in Markets IVANKA TRUMP Becomes Official US Government Employee CAPITOL POLICE Open Fire On Truck Driver Who Tried Running Over Police Officers; Driver In Custody FBI Arrests STATE DEPARTMENT Employee For Spying For China Tech21 Announce the World's Clearest Case and an Edge to Edge Screen Shield for SAMSUNG Galaxy S8 and S8+ Samsung Electronics Unveils GALAXY S8 And S8+ Here's Why VERTEX PHARMACEUTICALS Is Flying High Today CONOCOPHILLIPS To Sell Canadian Oil-Sands Assets To Cenovus For $13.3 Bln SOUTH KOREA Market May Extend Winning Streak LULULEMON ATHLETICA Inc. Reveals 16% Gain In Q4 Earnings Why the Bellamy’s AUSTRALIA Ltd share price has been SMASHED today Twitter sonia RT @icare4america16: Trump Asks Why Intelligence Committee Isn't Probing The Clintons | Zero Hedge https://t.co/1zR6L855T1 45 minutes ago Mike M Trump Asks Why Intelligence Committee Isn't Probing The Clintons | Zero Hedge https://t.co/1zR6L855T1 48 minutes ago Marek Ratajczak RT @zerohedge: Trump Asks Why House Intel Committee Isn't Probing The Clintons https://t.co/abufea7AHY 1 hour ago Michael Nixon RT @goyacobol: Trump Asks Why Intelligence Committee Isn't Probing The Clintons | Zero Hedge https://t.co/9NVj2NJRBB 1 hour ago Ginny Mangum RT @jerome_corsi: Trump CORRECTLY DEMANDS HOUSE INTEL COMMITTEE must investigate HILLARY on uranium deal PODESTA Russia stock payments http… 2 hours ago Steve Bryant Trump Asks Why Intelligence Committee Isn't Probing The Clintons | Zero Hedge https://t.co/9NVj2NJRBB 3 hours ago Facebook Page People Donald Trump Melania Trump Ivanka Trump Barack Obama Mike Pence Current Topics Federal Judge South Korean Texas Church Bus Senate Intelligence Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories Brexit Begins - Theresa May Launches Article 50 Would You Pay To Tweet? Social Media Giant Considering Paid Memberships The Force Is Strong With This Pop Star MOVIE REVIEW: Power Rangers Has Super Mario Run Out Of Steam? Are We Alone In The Universe? Let's Ask an Astronaut MOVIE REVIEW: CHiPS Google Devices Set To Tackle Battery Life Head-On - But Will It Work? Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
          30March2017 iTWire Subscribe to Newsletter Sponsored Announcements Service Advertise Login Sign Up Home Sponsored Announcements Your Tech Entertainment Home Tech Wi-Fi Mobility Apps Internet of Things Business Networking Open Source Security Business Telecommunications Enterprise Solutions Print Solutions Hardware Storage & Cloud Storage Business Software Cloud Big Data Data Centres Colocation BYOD Outsourcing Accounting Software Business Intelligence Industry Deals Resellers Cloud Accounting Enterprise Cloud Virtualisation Development Telecoms & NBN Manufacturing Technology Web Hosting ICT Sustainability Strategy Listed Tech Market Application Performance CRM People Recruitment Consulting Training People Moves CIO Trends Enterprise Staff IT Contracting Government Government Tech Policy Technology Regulation Technology Tenders Local Government Science Energy Climate Health Biology Automotive Space Reviews Computers Entertainment Smartphone & Mobile Devices Software Networking Peripherals Games Vendors Cloud Computing Industrial IT Data Centre Optimisation Business Telecoms Business Intelligence Enterprise Profiler Cloud Services Recruitment Feature Gadgets Opinion Apexing the Linux learning curve ShrinkAge The Big House Fuzzy Logic Seeking Nerdvana Open Sauce A Meaningful Look Transit Business Intelligence Blog ShawThing Core Dump Whiskey Tango Foxtrot The Linux Distillery UNI-verse Radioactive IT Cornered! Beerfiles ICT Energy and Sustainability The Wired CIO C Level Jobs Events Skip to content Home − Sponsored Announcements Your Tech − Browse News − − Entertainment − − Home Tech − − Wi-Fi − − Mobility − − Apps − − Internet of Things Business − Browse News − − Networking − − Open Source − − Security − − Business Telecommunications − − Enterprise Solutions − − Print Solutions − − Hardware − − Storage & Cloud Storage − − Business Software − − Cloud − − Big Data − − Data Centres − − Colocation − − BYOD − − Outsourcing − − Accounting Software − − Business Intelligence − Latest News in Business IT Industry − Browse News − − Deals − − Resellers − − Cloud Accounting − − Enterprise Cloud − − Virtualisation − − Development − − Telecoms & NBN − − Manufacturing Technology − − Web Hosting − − ICT Sustainability − − Strategy − − Listed Tech − − Market − − Application Performance − − CRM − Latest Industry News People − Browse News − − Recruitment − − Consulting − − Training − − People Moves − − CIO Trends − − Enterprise Staff − − IT Contracting − Latest News Government − BROWSE NEWS − − Government Tech Policy − − Technology Regulation − − Technology Tenders − − Local Government − Latest Policy News Science − Browse News − − Energy − − Climate − − Health − − Biology − − Automotive − − Space − Latest Science News Reviews − Browse − − Computers − − Entertainment − − Smartphone & Mobile Devices − − Software − − Networking − − Peripherals − − Games − Latest Reviews Vendors − Browse − − Cloud Computing − − Industrial IT − − Data Centre Optimisation − − Business Telecoms − − Business Intelligence − − Enterprise − − Profiler − − Cloud Services − − Recruitment Feature − − Gadgets Opinion − Browse − − Apexing the Linux learning curve − − ShrinkAge − − The Big House − − Fuzzy Logic − − Seeking Nerdvana − − Open Sauce − − A Meaningful Look − − Transit − − Business Intelligence Blog − − ShawThing − Browse − − Core Dump − − Whiskey Tango Foxtrot − − The Linux Distillery − − UNI-verse − − Radioactive IT − − Cornered! − − Beerfiles − − ICT Energy and Sustainability − − The Wired CIO − − C Level Jobs Events Browse Home Computers Microsoft Studio Surfaces (first looks) Skip to content Microsoft Studio Surfaces (first looks) 30 March 2017 Written by  Ray Shaw Published in Computers Twitter Microsoft’s Surface Studio, a 28” "tab-top" touch workspace, and Studio Dial are now in Australia. Together they are devices that can potentially game-change how the creative industries work – combining a touch screen, high-precision digitiser and pen, with huge computing power. iTWire was invited to a hands-on session with the Surface Studio and its innovative Surface Dial and sees where this huge canvas is heading – it would be a shame to waste it on Microsoft Office 365 and more mundane desktop tasks. Tina Flammer, Microsoft Australia Surface Product Marketing Lead, and Patrick Burgess, Microsoft Surface Product Specialist took me through the intricacies of the Surface Studio including the reason that it does not fold flat onto a desk – no coffee spills allowed. Flammer said, “It is for people who bring ideas to life – artists, photographers, videographers, file editors, architects, draftsmen, engineers and perhaps one may sit on the CEO’s desk.” “A lot of thought and collaboration has gone into the design. While it replaces separate screens and digitisers it is also a huge canvas for creativity. While it computes, there is nothing else like it in the creative space,” said Flammer. Burgess was particularly chuffed with the Zero-gravity hinge (one finger effort to alter its angle) that goes down to a 20° tilt. During use it became evident why desktop touch screen monitors angled at 90° and 600mm away have not been popular – you need to get closer to the workspace. I found myself leaning into the work and becoming immersed. It was far more intuitive – just like a big tablet with all the smarts so that it recognises your palm and only accepts legitimate inputs. But surprise – when I stood up as you do – the ability to use the tablet was just as good. Artists will love the freedom of placement. The other thing I noticed was the screen aspect ratio – it is 3:2 just like the Surface Pro and Book and it seems more useful than a 16:9 screen. The colours were amazing courtesy of the 4500 x 3000, 192ppi, 1100:1 contrast, Pixel Sense display. Burgess said it has individually colour calibrated display adjustments for sRGB, DCI-P3 and vivid colour P3-D65 so it will accurately reproduce Pantone colours to full-colour volume in movies. “It is better than 99% of colour calibrated displays out there,” Flammer said. The Surface Dial was interesting – a 145g hockey puck shape with a non-slip base that you use on the screen or the desk. The best way to describe it is as a companion to the Surface Pen. For example, push down and it reveals a circular on-screen menu that you can rotate through. It can control pen, brush, eraser, colour selection, and many more context sensitive commands. Flammer said that the Dial API was freely available and programs like Sketchable were taking full advantage of it. Burgess pointed out that the computing power was in the svelte 250 x 220 x 32.2 mm base. It houses an Intel Core i5 to i7, Intel and NVIDIA GeForce graphics processors, SSD and SATA HDD, up to 32GB RAM, Wi-Fi AC/Wi-Di/Bluetooth/Xbox wireless, 4 x USB 3.0, Mini-DisplayPort, 3.5mm audio, and gigabit ethernet ports. And it takes most of the 9.56kg product weight – the screen is a slim 12.5mm.   We spoke about the Windows 10 Creators update and how “Creators” was not a reference to the original designers but to the creative aspects being incorporated into Windows this April. It will provide enhanced inking and drawing tools including my favourites – an onscreen ruler that makes drawing a straight line easy, new 3D Paint, ink to text, math recognition, and more for the creative user. Finally, security. It has Windows Hello biometric login, TPM chip and IT system administrators can bring it into the Windows management portfolio – or it can be a stand-alone computer at home. Pricing The base unit with an Intel Core i5, 8GB RAM, NVIDIA GeForce 965M (2GB), 1TB Hybrid drive is A$4599. It comes with the Surface Pen, keyboard and mouse. The Studio Dial is $149.95. The top of the range Intel Core i7, 32GB RAM, NVIDIA GeForce 980M (4GB), 2TB Hybrid drive is A$6599. Pre-orders start now and general availability is from 27 April. Conclusion I spent an hour using the device and while I was slightly apprehensive at first it was just so natural that by the end I wanted one despite having no drawing skills at all. The zero-gravity hinge worked well and there was no vibration in the tablet in desktop mode. It is a member of the Surface family including front-firing Dolby Audio premium speakers and that distinctive magnesium alloy finish. It is extremely well made, quality and elegance apparent at every step. The new Windows 10 Creator update is also interesting and bears lots more exploration. If I was a creative type I would buy one – the ability to hook up another external monitor is a real boon for productivity. As more of an office user with the need for considerable screen space, I will stick for now to twin, 27”, non-touch monitors running off a Surface Book via a Surface Dock. iTWire has been asked to review one in mid-April. Sketchable and other apps with the Surface Dial     HOW TOP MANAGERS MOTIVATE, ENERGISE EMPLOYEES Download an in-depth guide to managing a healthy, motivated and energetic workforce without breaking the bank. DOWNLOAD NOW! Tagged under Microsoft Surface Studio Surface Dial creative industries Review Ray Shaw Ray Shaw Ray Shaw ray@im.com.au  has a passion for IT ever since building his first computer in 1980. He is a qualified journalist, hosted a consumer IT based radio program on ABC radio for 10 years, has developed world leading software for the events industry and is smart enough to no longer own a retail computer store! Latest from Ray Shaw Windows 10 Creators Update (first looks) Logitech wants you in the spotlight (review) Gear 360 (2017) now captures in 4K Samsung’s Bixby introduces himself Related items Windows 10 Creators Update (first looks) Logitech wants you in the spotlight (review) Gear 360 (2017) now captures in 4K Samsung’s Bixby introduces himself More in this category: « HP’s 17” OMEN – a huge, powerful, laptop (review) Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. back to top Loading Follow Us    Username Password Secret Key Remember Me Forgot your password? Forgot your username? Create an account Latest News Sponsored News Windows 10 Creators Update (first looks) ShawThing 30 March 2017 Contrary to opinion the “Creators” update has nothing to do… Microsoft Studio Surfaces (first looks) Computers 30 March 2017 Microsoft’s Surface Studio, a 28” "tab-top" touch workspace, and Studio… Logitech wants you in the spotlight (review) Peripherals 30 March 2017 Logitech has banned the laser pointer and introduced a new… YouTube ad boycott? Google doesn't give a stuff Open Sauce 30 March 2017 Google's attitude to the controversy over its ads appearing on… Gear 360 (2017) now captures in 4K Mobility 30 March 2017 Samsung has announced its Gear 360 (2017), a 4K resolution-capable… Dell unveils smallest Wyse thin client Hardware 30 March 2017 Dell has launched an x86 quad-core thin client designed for… Dale takes up the reins at Rision People Moves 30 March 2017 Mobile technology company Rision has appointed Andrew Dale as its… Samsung’s Bixby introduces himself Apps 30 March 2017 “Hi, I am Samsung’s intelligent digital voice agent – you… Domino's to test EU pizza delivery by robot Market 30 March 2017 Pizza vendor Domino's has teamed up with Starship Technologies to… Samsung Pay to accept Visa globally Apps 30 March 2017 Samsung has announced a strategic partnership with Visa to help… The Promise of Digital Government in Australia The Hon Angus Taylor MP, Assistant Minister for Cities and… Yellowfin to launch 7.3+ analytics platform in global webinar series MELBOURNE, AUSTRALIA, 23 March 2017 – Global Business Intelligence (BI)… The On-demand skills economy The digital era has ushered in the skills economy. These… Eight steps to more customer-centric IVR IVR systems slash contact centre costs and even win favour… Women & Diversity in Data The lack of diversity in data and analytics roles is… Gartner again positions Yellowfin in Magic Quadrant for Business Intelligence and Analytics Platforms For the fourth consecutive year, Business Intelligence vendor Yellowfin places… Carbon Black only vendor to secure perfect prevention score in NSS Labs’ advanced endpoint protection - test stopped all attacks Carbon Black, a leader in next-generation endpoint security, has announced… Want to Develop a Cross-platform App? Read This First! Developing a cross-platform application is now one of the preferred… Data storage lifespans: how long will media really last? By Marina Brook, Managing Director APAC, StorageCraft The sad truth… ‘Realising business value’ from IT a key for leading IT executive Sean Elwick, St Vincent's Health group IT Director of Transformation,… Reviews Movers Microsoft Studio Surfaces (first looks) Logitech wants you in the spotlight (review) UE WONDERBOOM – small speakers with big sound HP’s 17” OMEN – a huge, powerful, laptop (review) HP Elite x3 Continuums to impress (review) Review – Jaybird X3 wireless sport headphones Xbox One S – 4K and more (entertainment review) Samsung QLED TV in Australia from 17 April (review… Don’t overlook: Game Review: Ride 2 Ciena says ‘redefines’ optical networks with Liqui… Prev Next Dale takes up the reins at Rision Tencent recruits AI expert to head Shenzhen lab Global engineering leader appointed to post at Uni… Norwood poaches former Telstra exec Hughs for Amer… Dubber appoints tech industry veteran Wilks as non… Huawei Australia appoints Meng as new CEO Connell joins Marketo as marketing chief Industry, public sector veteran Sheargold takes to… Zutenis leads VARs at HDS Adam Judd joins F5 as APAC sales chief Prev Next Latest Comments Most Commented   Popular Threads Home Latest News Your IT Business IT IT Industry UPDATE MAGAZINE Whitepapers IT People Government RSS Services Sponsored Announcements Self Posting JobswireGurus IT Jobs Daily Update Company About Contact Advertising Specs Advertise NOW Privacy Sitemap Community ITWeets Gallery Login Cloud Hosting by Digital Pacific         Connect FacebookTwitter Top Powered By T3 Framework Join the iTWire Community and be part of the latest news, invites to exclusive events, whitepapers and educational materials and oppertunities. Why do I want to receive this daily update? The latest features from iTWire Free whitepaper downloads Industry opportunities First Name Last Name Email
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * Computer Electronics * More Tags... Industry News * Computers * More Industries... News By Location * Chung-Ho   Taipei   Taiwan * More Locations... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News March 2017 Th We Tu Mo Su Sa Fr 30 29 28 27 26 25 24 Fanless Intel J1900 2.0Ghz processor control cabinet box PC & fieldbus solution     MBP-XXT0-BI-5-1 CHUNG-HO, Taiwan - March 29, 2017 - PRLog -- Powered by the latest generation of Intel® Celeron® processor J1900 which presents intelligent PC-based controller and IoT gateway for factory automation. The MBP-30T0-BI supports up to 8G DDR3L memory and have several options on storage devices like, mSATA, HDD and SSD. Which also support operating temperature from -10 up to 50 degree C with typical DC input 12 / 19 / 24V power input. The control cabinet box PC also equipped with high integration ability with 2 x Mini-PCIe module which makes it a reliable connection with devices in factory automation applications (with optional PROFIBUS, ProfiNET, DeviceNET, EtherCAT, EtherNet/IP, CANopen, SERCOSIII master module), IoT applications (with optional GbE LAN, Wi-Fi, 3.5G/4G LTE module) and communication applications (with optional GPIO, RS232/422/485). which is definitely the top choice for M2M intelligent system as a factory automation controller and gateway. Feature • Specially designed for IOT factory automation • Control cabinet installation designed like beckhoff style • Onboard Intel® Celeron® processor J1900 Quad Core 2.0GHz • 2 x GLAN , 1 x VGA , 1 x HDMI , 4 x USB , 1 x RS232, 1 x RS232/422/485 • 2 x Mini-PCIe socket for optional Wi-Fi/3.5G/4G LTE/Fieldbus modules and various field modules choice • DC in 12 / 19V /24V http://www.kingdy.com.tw Media Contact Jeffery Huang 886-02-3234-6288 ***@kingdy.com.tw End Source : Kingdy Technology Inc. Email : ***@kingdy.com.tw Posted By : ***@kingdy.com.tw Tags : Computer Electronics Industry : Computers Location : Chung-Ho - Taipei - Taiwan Subject : Products Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse Kingdy Technology News Fanless Intel J1900 low Profile Mini ITX Industrial mainboard UP-GN : Sunlight Readable Seamless Multi Touch Fanless Panel PC with Intel Core i5/i7/i3/ Celeron 16 : 9 1920 x 1080 dpi Intel® Atom CoreJ1900 Celeron/i3/i5/i7 Touch Panel PCs VP-FN:Wide Temp. Sun. Readable Seamless Multi Touch Fanless Panel PC Fanless Intel® Atom Quad Core J1900 2.0Ghz DIN Rail compact Box PC Trending Chris Salem Joins Board of Advisors for VetFusion.net 2017 Enterprising Women of the Year Award goes to Directions Training CEO Doral Chamber of Commerce Welcomes Sysmiami as a New Gold Member Nancy Phillips, ViaWest CEO, Contributes $25K to BEN Colorado Sustainability Initiative Garrett's Moving & Storage, Inc. signs with Wheaton World Wide Moving Daily News Addiction Recovery Festival & 5K in San Francisco - 336 views "No Ordinary Easter" at First Presbyterian Church of Upland - 262 views Point Source Audio Selected As Exclusive Comms Headset For Carolina Panthers' Panther Vision - 206 views Outlaws Hit Author Thompson Accounts For 7% Of Western Sales In America - 206 views Meals on Wheels South Florida Partners With Chefs For Seniors On Innovative Pilot Program - 204 views Weekly News Doggone Safe relaunches educational "Be A Tree" program - 2539 views #iSpeakDog Campaign Aims to Bridge the Communication Gap Between People and Their Dogs - 2139 views Filmmaker Michael Moore to Progressive Democrats: "I'm In!" - 1411 views Jimmy Sarr Signs With Cherry Crown Records To Release His New Single - 1337 views Bruce Mace and Gus Dumoulin Join Forces at The Ice Factory of Central Florida - 777 views Daily News Addiction Recovery Festival & 5K in San Francisco - 336 views "No Ordinary Easter" at First Presbyterian Church of Upland - 262 views Point Source Audio Selected As Exclusive Comms Headset For Carolina Panthers' Panther Vision - 206 views Outlaws Hit Author Thompson Accounts For 7% Of Western Sales In America - 206 views Meals on Wheels South Florida Partners With Chefs For Seniors On Innovative Pilot Program - 204 views Weekly News Doggone Safe relaunches educational "Be A Tree" program - 2539 views #iSpeakDog Campaign Aims to Bridge the Communication Gap Between People and Their Dogs - 2139 views Filmmaker Michael Moore to Progressive Democrats: "I'm In!" - 1411 views Jimmy Sarr Signs With Cherry Crown Records To Release His New Single - 1337 views Bruce Mace and Gus Dumoulin Join Forces at The Ice Factory of Central Florida - 777 views PTC News Gene Simmons Seeks Opening Act For Wizard World's April 8 Concert At The Pageant - 231 views Lennar's Norpoint Heights Grand Opens This Spring - 182 views Sayger, Geiger, Nastos, Lavigne Top Artist Alley At Wizard World Comic Con St. Louis, April 7-9 - 168 views Lennar's Lighthouse Coming Soon to Newark - 152 views Masters of Illusion, Dance, Music, Kato Kaelin Among New Entertainment At Wizard World St. Louis - 152 views Mar 29, 2017 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
language:English Thursday, October 24, 2013 Language Language www english german italy portuguese french russian espanol malay vietnamese laos cambodian thai indonesian filipino myanmar japanese korean mongol nepal hindi bengali turkish persian arabic Open search News Video Travel Photos Learn Chinese City Guide Free Mail ZTE removed from US trade blacklist Updated 2017-03-30 09:01:24 Global Times Graphics/GT Analysts say firm still faces impact for years ZTE Corp announced in a filing that the company has been removed from the U.S. Department of Commerce trade blacklist effective Wednesday (U.S. time), after it agreed to pay up to .2 billion in fines to the U.S. government. The move means that the Chinese telecommunications equipment maker has ended more than a year of tension with the U.S. government. However, in the view of experts, the negative impact of the case on ZTE's earnings and operations is not over yet. Last year, the U.S. Department of Commerce placed export restrictions on ZTE as a penalty for violating U.S. sanctions on Iran. The department's action prohibited U.S. suppliers from doing business with the Chinese company. The removal from the blacklist is crucial for ZTE, which is the world's fourth-largest telecom equipment supplier, although it mainly relies on chips from U.S. companies such as Qualcomm and Intel, Wang Yanhui, secretary-general of the Mobile China Alliance, told the Global Times Wednesday. This partially explains why ZTE agreed to pay criminal and civil penalties of 2 million and an additional penalty of 0 million to U.S. Commerce Department's Bureau of Industry and Security. “ZTE acknowledges the mistakes it has made, takes responsibility for them, and remains committed to positive change in the company,” said Zhao Xianming, chairman and CEO of ZTE, said in a press release on March 7. Zhao was appointed in April last year, which was perceived as a move to revamp the company's management in the wake of U.S. allegations. Following the U.S. fines, ZTE reported a net loss of 2.35 billion yuan (1 million) for 2016. It said it would have reported net profit of 3.83 billion yuan last year, up 19.2 percent, if it had not made a provision for the U.S. penalty, according to its annual earnings report to the Hong Kong stock exchange. The penalty not only will continue hurting ZTE's profit but also its ability to pursue innovation, Xiang Ligang, chief executive of domestic telecom industry portal cctime.com, told the Global Times Wednesday “It probably doesn't have much money to support its internal research and development, as the profits for three years will all be used to pay the U.S. fines,” said Xiang. The total fine of up to .2 billion is the largest sanctions-violation fine imposed against a Chinese company by the U.S. government, reportedly even exceeding ZTE's overall profit of 7.3 billion yuan over the past seven years. Wang has an optimistic view of the future of ZTE, which he suggested would not face capital issues, as fundraising will not be hard for the State-owned company. Both Wang and Xiang said that the U.S. penalty was a good thing for companies like ZTE, which will definitely learn a lesson from the case. Wang believed that ZTE would strictly follow local rules and laws in the future when it makes deals overseas. Moreover, Chinese companies will see the significance of developing their own core technologies in case they are handicapped by excessive dependency on U.S. patents, said Xiang. “What ZTE experienced may also happen to other Chinese technology companies at a time when Sino-U.S. relations are full of political uncertainties.” On March 21, the U.S. government published an online statement saying that it had imposed sanctions on 11 foreign entities and individuals including nine from China for transfers to Iran's missile program. Xiang said that those six Chinese companies won't all reach agreements with the U.S. easily, if they have alternatives. “I don't think Huawei Technologies Co would be as vulnerable as ZTE, because it is strong in intellectual property,” Xiang said. Also in the News Showbiz2016/06/16 13:58March 30 2017 15:02:34 Nicole Kidman Recalls Oscar Glory: Loneliest Time Attending Shanghai International Film Festival, Nicole Kidman talks about her role in "Grace of Monaco". Also in the News2014/05/01 12:16March 30 2017 15:02:34 Labor Day Travel Peak Starts Also in the News2014/04/18 13:18March 30 2017 15:02:34 Johnny Depp Delivers a Speech 'Evolve the Future' in 'Transcendence' Hollywood star Johnny Depp's speech in the upcoming new film "Transcendence" has been disclosed on Friday, April 11th. Most Viewed Audio Reports CRI Director-General Wang Gengnian's 2017 New Year Speech Immersion Corporation Partner with Letv to Produce 4D Phones China's Import Tax Cut to Reduce Revenue and Bolster Consumption Short Selling of Stocks Opens to overseas Investors Sydney Celebrates Chinese New Year with Terracotta Warrior Lanterns Most Watched Specials Beijing Sets Up 1st Emergency Relief Unit for Blind Shanghai Sets up First Police Emergency Unit Jiangxi's "No.1 Bee Man" Breaks Guinness World Record A Day of a Tian'anmen Square Patrolman during Lianghui News: China World Business Sports Showbiz Audio Video: C4 My Chinese Life The Sound Stage China Revealed Showbiz Video Travel Video Photos: China World Fun Travel Entertainment Sports Travel: Beijing Shanghai Guangzhou Lifestyle: Live Music Opera & Classical Movies Traditional Shows Exhibitions Learn Chinese: Chinese Studio Living Chinese Everyday Chinese Just For Fun Chinese Culture Buzzwords About China.com|About GMG|Ad Services|Contact Information|Copyright Notice Copyright © China.com All Rights Reserved
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Life Money Hump Day Deals: 90% Off VPNs, Free Street Fighter V, Cheap Lenovo ThinkPad Amazon Is Coming To Australia In 2018 [Updated] How To Talk To Your Parents About Money Without Being A Jerk Rich People Who Are Horrible With Money Can Teach Us A Thing Or Two Home How McDonald's Four Mcnugget Shapes Are Made Why We Brew Coffee And Tea Differently Cook My Meat Helps You Cook The Perfect Steak With Science The Anatomy Of The Perfect Cheese Plate Entertainment Dealhacker: Get 20% Off Planet Earth 2 Watch Every Star Wars Movie For Free... On PornHub Is It Legal To Verbally Abuse Sports Officials? Telstra Just Jacked Up Its Foxtel Pricing Travel Buying These 'Smart' Thongs Would Be A Supremely Dumb Move Ask LH: How Long Will I Be Suspended For Drug Driving? What Do You Always Regret Packing When You Travel? This Is What Happens When You Damage Priceless Art Health Starving Yourself Two Days A Week Is Actually Not A Bad Diet Lovehacker: Why Can't I Get Past The Second Date? For Your Kidneys, Running A Marathon Is As Traumatic As Heart Surgery Five Common Porridge Mistakes Design Put The Clock Back On The Right In Windows 10 The Hype Desktop How I Learned To Take Better Photos By Digging Into My Camera's Exposure Settings Deals: Master One Of The Most Popular Design Tools With This Adobe Training Work Productivity Microsoft Surface Studio: Australian Price, Specs And Availability Juice Gives Your MacBook A Customisable Battery Life Indicator Command-Tab Plus Is A Powerful And Customisable MacOS App Switcher Deals: Boost Your Mac's Functionality With This App Bundle Communicate Samsung Galaxy S8 Vs Samsung Galaxy S7 [Infographic] Remember These 12 Rules When Using Commas Samsung Galaxy S8 And S8+: Australian Pricing, Specs And Availability How To Buy The Samsung Galaxy S8 And S8+ In Australia Organise Briefly: Galaxy S8 Frenzy, Real-Life Sharknado, Freaky Jupiter Google Calendar Is Now Optimised For The iPad Briefly: Black Hole Theory, Jumanji 2 Details, Google's Job Interview Tips Quickly Merge Together A Bunch Of Finder Windows With The Merge All Windows Option Career Australia's 'Google Tax' Has Been Approved Retail Horror Stories From Nine Apple Geniuses The Truth About Centrelink's Waiting Times [Infographic] 18 Ways To Improve Your Resume, Backed By Science [Infographic] Business Travel How To Dress Appropriately For Flying The Best Time To Poop On A Plane, According To A Flight Attendant It's Official: New Zealand Is Better Than Australia How Electric Cars Can Help Save The Grid Security The Laziest, Cheapest Way To Set Up A VPN You Don't Really Need An Anti-Virus App Anymore BlackBerry Wants To Protect Your Phone From Prying Eyes Instagram Rolls Out Two-Factor Authentication For Everyone Small Business & Startups Samsung's DeX Station Converts Your Galaxy S8 Into An Android PC Network Better By Thinking Like A Spy How I Succeeded: Audible Australia's Matthew Gain Yes, Your Business Still Needs A Website (That Doesn't Suck) IT Pro Cloud Amazon AppStream Adds New Features Mac-to-Surface Migration Tool Released Your Dropbox Public Folder Isn't Public Any More Deals: Get 2TB Of Cloud Storage For Life IT Career Skills Shortage Heightens Hybrid IT Challenges Why You Should Never Reveal Your Previous Salary When Negotiating For A Job How To Convert A 4:3 Presentation To Widescreen Killer Interview Question: What Do You Know About This Company? IT Security LastPass Exploit Shows That Last Password You Made Probably Wasn't Your Last UK Steps Up Rhetoric On Encrypted Messaging US and UK Governments’ Laptop Travel Ban Is Bad For Business World Backup Day Is Coming - Are You Ready? Developer Animated GIFs Could Be The Answer To Visual Studio Code's CPU-Heavy Cursor Make Your Own File Uploader To Add Files To A Raspberry Pi From Anywhere Sydney's Microsoft Store Is Holding Free Game Development Workshops Twitter Publishes New Periscope API Deployment Excel Gets Co-Authoring Support Samsung Wants Your Smartphone To Be Your PC Amazon Offers New Cloud-Based Customer Contact Centre Technology Strategy Development Is Not Getting Easier Servers Buy Your Personal Domain Name... Before A Troll Does The Best Add-Ons For Protecting Your Gmail Account Intel Says Their New SSD Is The World’s Most Responsive Hands On With The Synology DS916+ NAS Toggle navigation Life Money Home Entertainment Travel Health Design Work Productivity Communicate Organise Career Business Travel Security Small Business & Startups IT Pro Cloud IT Career IT Security Developer Deployment Servers Five Common Porridge Mistakes How To Buy The Samsung Galaxy S8 And S8+ In Australia Amazon Is Coming To Australia In 2018 [Updated] The Best NBN 50 Plans (From ISPs You’ve Never Heard Of) Microsoft Surface Studio: Australian Price, Specs And Availability Rae Johnston Mar 30, 2017, 12:30pm ⋅ Filed to:  Australian Stories microsoft microsoft surface workstations Share Image: Supplied Microsoft's new Surface Studio is designed to be a flexible workspace - Desktop Mode is for your general office tasks, then it switches to become a creative studio space, ideal for collaborative work. Here's when you can get your hands on one, all the specs, and how much it will set you back in Australia. The Surface Studio comes with a 28-inch PixelSense Display (which is the thinnest LCD monitor of its size), featuring 13.5 million pixels at 192 PPI. There's True Scale (so the 12-point font on the screen is the same as on the page) and individually colour-calibrated TrueColor. There's a 1100:1 contrast ratio and a wide color-gamut display that switches between sRGB, Vivid (P3-D65) and DCI-P3 - which Microsoft boasts delivers "more color than 99 per cent of the world's desktop monitors". The switch from Desktop dowqn into to Studio Mode happens via the Zero Gravity Hinge. In Studio Mode the monitor sits at 20 degrees, ideal for a drafting table using Surface Pen, touch and Surface Dial - "just like a sheet of paper on a drafting table". Collaboration comes via video calls using the 1080p low-light-capable front camera and stereo 2.1 Dolby Audio Premium Speakers. There's also a front-facing infrared camera and Windows Hello. Under the hood there's Quad-core 6th Generation Intel Core processors, a NVIDIA GeForce GPU with up to 4GB GDDR5 memory, and up to 2TB Rapid Hybrid Drive storage. It's capable enough to run Siemens NX software, games and VR - including the HTC Vive. It also supports Xbox Wireless - you can connect up top four Xbox One controllers. It is designed to work with the new Surface Dial as well as the Surface Pen. Just the specs, please Operating System: Windows 10 Pro Exterior: Dimensions:Display: 637.35 mm wide x 438.90 mm high x 12.5 mm at center and 8.6 mm along the edge, Base: 250.00 mm x 220.00 mm x 32.20 mm; Weight: up to 9.56 kg; Color: Silver; Physical buttons: power, volume Display:Screen:28-inch PixelSense Display; Resolution: 4,500x3,000 (13.5 million pixels at 192 DPI) native 2 x 96 DPI scaling; Contrast ratio: 1100:1; Aspect ratio: 3:2; Color: DCI-P3 individually color-calibrated; Color profiles: sRGB (standard), DCI-P3 (Cinema), Vivid (P3-D65); Touch: 10-point multitouch Security: TPM chip for enterprise security, biometric security; Interface for Kensington Lock Kit for Surface Studio Pen:Surface Pen; 1,024 levels of pressure sensitivity; Magnetic storage Network: 10/100/1000Mb Ethernet (Gigabit); 802.11ac Cameras: Windows Hello face sign-in camera, enterprise-class authentication; 5.0MP front-facing camera with 1080p video support Audio: Stereo microphones; Stereo 2.1 speakers with Dolby Audio Premium (eight speakers in the display, two in the base) Ports:Four full-size USB 3.0; Full-size SD card reader (UHS-II performance); 3.5mm stereo headphones/microphone jack; Mini DisplayPort; Gigabit Ethernet Power supply: Internal power supply with AC inlet; Grip-release cable (AC power cable) In the box: Surface Studio; Surface Pen; Microsoft Surface Keyboard; Microsoft Surface Mouse; AC power cable; Quick Start Guide; Safety, warranty and product documents Warranty: One-year limited hardware warranty Australian Pricing and Availability Image: Supplied The 8GB/i5 model is $4,699, the 16GB/i7 $5,499 and the 32GB/i7 is $6,599. Available from 27 April, pre-orders are now open. This story originally appeared on Gizmodo. WATCH MORE: Tech News & Life Hacks Comments targeting compoita @poita Mar 30, 2017, 12:39pm GTX965M? No thanks. Reply 0 welbot @welbot Mar 30, 2017, 12:57pm Indeed! For a resolution like that, the 965m will no doubt struggle with many things. Should be fine for general PC stuff, but start getting in to graphic work or games, and unless you get the 4gb version, it's not going to cope too well. Even then it'll struggle with that res. My desktop 4gb 960gtx coped reasonably well at 2160p for most games, but I doubt even that would have done too well at 4500x3000! Reply 0 barry @barry Mar 30, 2017, 1:29pm You have to remember that when companies are designing and testing these devices, they start about 2 years ago so when they reach market, they are using hardware about two years old or even a year old. The next version of this will hopefully have great specs. Reply 0 pixelwhip @pixelwhip Mar 30, 2017, 12:47pm as a graphic designer, if this was just a screen i'd buy it in a flash.. Otherwise the specs of this machine are woefully inadequate for my needs; so no thanks.. Reply 0 Jayd Guest Mar 30, 2017, 1:42pm Very low spec, and I bet it has that proprietory power connector that makes it impossible to charge without special $120 adapters. Reply 0 Warren @wazman21 Mar 30, 2017, 1:49pm So pretty. So cool. Too pricey for my blood though. Can't wait for this concept to mature and come down in price. Reply 0 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now The Best NBN 50 Plans (From ISPs You’ve Never Heard Of) Joe Hanlon 29 Mar 2017 10:30 AM People we speak with tend to think about NBN plans in one of two ways. Either they’d like to know about the fastest plans, and focus on 100Mbps, or they want to know the cheapest. Sometimes it’s a combination of both. Australia's 'Google Tax' Has Been Approved Simon Thomsen 28 Mar 2017 7:00 PM A 40 per cent tax rate on multinational companies that use overseas tax havens to avoid paying tax in Australia was passed by the Senate last night. The diverted profits tax (DPT), also known as the “Google tax”, will begin on 1 July, 2017. Want Lifehacker's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Boost Your Mac's Functionality With This App Bundle Deals: Get These Extra Long Lightning Cables For 70% Off Deals: Master One Of The Most Popular Design Tools With This Adobe Training The Best Deals From Ebay's Massive Tech Sale [Updated] Trending Articles 1 The Best NBN 50 Plans (From ISPs You’ve Never Heard Of) 2 Australia's 'Google Tax' Has Been Approved 3 Samsung Galaxy S8 And S8+: Australian Pricing, Specs And Availability A Squishy Robotic Octopus Tentacle Might Not Actually Be Nightmare Fuel The European Space Agency Will Send Its First Mars Rover To One Of These Two Mysterious Sites The Handmaid's Tale Continues With An Audiobook 'Radio Drama' From Margaret Atwood How I Let Disney Track My Every Move Some Better Cop Games Would Be Nice Fire Emblem Heroes Spring Event Comes With Bunny Costumes Dogfighting Game Feels Like A Long Lost Sega Classic The Best Part Of The Sims 4's Bowling Stuff Pack Is The Furniture Briefly: Galaxy S8 Frenzy, Real-Life Sharknado, Freaky Jupiter How McDonald's Four Mcnugget Shapes Are Made Starving Yourself Two Days A Week Is Actually Not A Bad Diet Buying These 'Smart' Thongs Would Be A Supremely Dumb Move 10 things in tech you need to know today This big shark that washed up by a road is the only reminder you'll ever need to stay out of floodwaters in Australia The 10 most important things in the world right now 7 things people think are terrible for their relationship that actually aren't © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Lifehacker International × Log in to Lifehacker Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Lifehacker User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Lifehacker International Lifehacker US Lifehacker Japan Close
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Investors' Soapbox AM Expect More Deals Like Intel-Mobileye Large strategic players are trying to get into telematics but there seems to be a steep learning curve. March 29, 2017 11:07 a.m. ET Wells Fargo Securities We recently traveled with Mark Licht. Licht is president of Licht & Associates, a strategic advisory services firm specializing in telematics, Internet of Things and location-based services. Today there are about 100 million vehicles equipped with telematics -- 40 million of which are in the U.S. Assuming there are about 250 million vehicles in the U.S., this implies a telematics penetration of only... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Netflix Is Now Facing a Very Big Market Moment Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. J.C. Penney Stock Could Be in a Beauty of a Mess Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. What the Leading Sectors Tell Us About This Market Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Is Amazon Suddenly Worried About Profits? Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Byron Wien: Will ‘Anarchy’ in D.C. Undermine Stocks? Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 MBA Seekers Look to Canada 2 Tinder Makes Its International Move 3 For 10% Bond Returns, Look to Munis Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 March 2017 by Military News Data Storage Technology Market : Global Snapshot by 2021 New York, NY — (SBWIRE) — 03/29/2017 — Companies working in next generation and data storage market are constantly investing in research and development. For instance: HP has developed affordable flash drives that work at high speed. For instance our mobile phones, wearable electronics, smart battery, games, advertisements, movies, smart homes, smart city, smart homes i.e. almost everything creates data. The next generation data storage technology offers the storage and fast recovery of our data in an efficient manner. The conventional data storage technology cannot handle the large chunks of data that are being produced every day. The increasing input-output devices are driving the next generation data storage market. Now data is being produced in virtually every sector that is the major growth driver for next generation data storage market. The growing demand for time-saving is a major driver of next generation data storage market. An example of time-saving technologies or system: smart technologies, automated systems, internet of things, online shopping, etc. has taken the next generation data storage market to a next level. The invention of new technologies is catering the needs of the data market and boosting the next generation data storage market. For instances: EMC has developed new technology to solve data storage problems in enterprises, also Intel and micron have developed 3D NAND technology to increase data processing speed in solid state drives. Data storage which is a major challenge for numerous industries is helping the next generation data storage technology market to expand its roots. There is a vast demand for data storage which is flourishing the next generation data storage market. With the need to constantly update till the time we find the ultimate data storage technology is biggest demand generator for next generation data storage market because the data generation is never going to end. Cloud computing is a new trend and there has been a significant increase in the number of cloud providers, NetApp and EMC are aggressively focusing on this market. For instance: Virtustream is acquired by EMC to expand its cloud services. The restrain of next generation data storage market is the lack of security in cloud and server based services. Next generation data storage technology market is segmented by technology, by applications, by region. Next generation data storage technology market segmentation by technology is done as cloud-based disaster recovery, all-flash storage arrays, hybrid array, holographic data storage and Heat Assisted Magnetic Recording (HAMR). The growing technologies will help to store, secure and recover huge volume of data. Hybrid array and all-flash array are popular storage techniques. Next generation data storage technology market segmentation by an application is done into big data storage service, cloud-based storage service, enterprise based storage service and others. The growing data analytics for big data has created the requirement for next generation data storage system, which help in efficient storing and fast searching of necessary data. A sample of this report is available upon request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/7169 The global next generation data storage technology market is segmented into seven major regions, which include North America, Western Europe, Asia Pacific Excluding Japan (APEJ), Japan, Eastern Europe, Latin America and the Middle East & Africa. Request to view table of content @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/7169 Some of the key players identified in the global next generation data storage technology market are Dell, EMC Corporation, IBM, VMware, Inc., Hewlett-Packard Development Company, Sandisk corporation, Micron Technology, Nutanix, NetApp, Inc. , Toshiba corporation, Quantum Corporation, Hitachi data systems, HGST, Inc., Drobo , Avago Technologies, SimpliVity Corporation, Tintri. Wherein HP, EMC and IBM are some of the leading players in global next generation data storage technology market. The increase in the cloud services for public and the smart technologies generated the need for new technologies for the enterprise storage industries. CategoriesUncategorized Tagsbattery, Companies, company, Computing, Industry, Internet, major, Markets, Movies, service, Technology, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious AuRico Metals Provides Update on Royalties Fosterville (2% NSR Royalty) Reserves Increase by 66% Next PostNext Text Analytics Market : Global Snapshot by 2021 Posted on 30 March 2017 by Military News Data Storage Technology Market : Global Snapshot by 2021 New York, NY — (SBWIRE) — 03/29/2017 — Companies working in next generation and data storage market are constantly investing in research and development. For instance: HP has developed affordable flash drives that work at high speed. For instance our mobile phones, wearable electronics, smart battery, games, advertisements, movies, smart homes, smart city, smart homes i.e. almost everything creates data. The next generation data storage technology offers the storage and fast recovery of our data in an efficient manner. The conventional data storage technology cannot handle the large chunks of data that are being produced every day. The increasing input-output devices are driving the next generation data storage market. Now data is being produced in virtually every sector that is the major growth driver for next generation data storage market. The growing demand for time-saving is a major driver of next generation data storage market. An example of time-saving technologies or system: smart technologies, automated systems, internet of things, online shopping, etc. has taken the next generation data storage market to a next level. The invention of new technologies is catering the needs of the data market and boosting the next generation data storage market. For instances: EMC has developed new technology to solve data storage problems in enterprises, also Intel and micron have developed 3D NAND technology to increase data processing speed in solid state drives. Data storage which is a major challenge for numerous industries is helping the next generation data storage technology market to expand its roots. There is a vast demand for data storage which is flourishing the next generation data storage market. With the need to constantly update till the time we find the ultimate data storage technology is biggest demand generator for next generation data storage market because the data generation is never going to end. Cloud computing is a new trend and there has been a significant increase in the number of cloud providers, NetApp and EMC are aggressively focusing on this market. For instance: Virtustream is acquired by EMC to expand its cloud services. The restrain of next generation data storage market is the lack of security in cloud and server based services. Next generation data storage technology market is segmented by technology, by applications, by region. Next generation data storage technology market segmentation by technology is done as cloud-based disaster recovery, all-flash storage arrays, hybrid array, holographic data storage and Heat Assisted Magnetic Recording (HAMR). The growing technologies will help to store, secure and recover huge volume of data. Hybrid array and all-flash array are popular storage techniques. Next generation data storage technology market segmentation by an application is done into big data storage service, cloud-based storage service, enterprise based storage service and others. The growing data analytics for big data has created the requirement for next generation data storage system, which help in efficient storing and fast searching of necessary data. A sample of this report is available upon request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/7169 The global next generation data storage technology market is segmented into seven major regions, which include North America, Western Europe, Asia Pacific Excluding Japan (APEJ), Japan, Eastern Europe, Latin America and the Middle East & Africa. Request to view table of content @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/7169 Some of the key players identified in the global next generation data storage technology market are Dell, EMC Corporation, IBM, VMware, Inc., Hewlett-Packard Development Company, Sandisk corporation, Micron Technology, Nutanix, NetApp, Inc. , Toshiba corporation, Quantum Corporation, Hitachi data systems, HGST, Inc., Drobo , Avago Technologies, SimpliVity Corporation, Tintri. Wherein HP, EMC and IBM are some of the leading players in global next generation data storage technology market. The increase in the cloud services for public and the smart technologies generated the need for new technologies for the enterprise storage industries. CategoriesUncategorized Tagsbattery, Companies, company, Computing, Industry, Internet, major, Markets, Movies, service, Technology, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious AuRico Metals Provides Update on Royalties Fosterville (2% NSR Royalty) Reserves Increase by 66% Next PostNext Text Analytics Market : Global Snapshot by 2021 Posted on 30 March 2017 by Military News Data Storage Technology Market : Global Snapshot by 2021 New York, NY — (SBWIRE) — 03/29/2017 — Companies working in next generation and data storage market are constantly investing in research and development. For instance: HP has developed affordable flash drives that work at high speed. For instance our mobile phones, wearable electronics, smart battery, games, advertisements, movies, smart homes, smart city, smart homes i.e. almost everything creates data. The next generation data storage technology offers the storage and fast recovery of our data in an efficient manner. The conventional data storage technology cannot handle the large chunks of data that are being produced every day. The increasing input-output devices are driving the next generation data storage market. Now data is being produced in virtually every sector that is the major growth driver for next generation data storage market. The growing demand for time-saving is a major driver of next generation data storage market. An example of time-saving technologies or system: smart technologies, automated systems, internet of things, online shopping, etc. has taken the next generation data storage market to a next level. The invention of new technologies is catering the needs of the data market and boosting the next generation data storage market. For instances: EMC has developed new technology to solve data storage problems in enterprises, also Intel and micron have developed 3D NAND technology to increase data processing speed in solid state drives. Data storage which is a major challenge for numerous industries is helping the next generation data storage technology market to expand its roots. There is a vast demand for data storage which is flourishing the next generation data storage market. With the need to constantly update till the time we find the ultimate data storage technology is biggest demand generator for next generation data storage market because the data generation is never going to end. Cloud computing is a new trend and there has been a significant increase in the number of cloud providers, NetApp and EMC are aggressively focusing on this market. For instance: Virtustream is acquired by EMC to expand its cloud services. The restrain of next generation data storage market is the lack of security in cloud and server based services. Next generation data storage technology market is segmented by technology, by applications, by region. Next generation data storage technology market segmentation by technology is done as cloud-based disaster recovery, all-flash storage arrays, hybrid array, holographic data storage and Heat Assisted Magnetic Recording (HAMR). The growing technologies will help to store, secure and recover huge volume of data. Hybrid array and all-flash array are popular storage techniques. Next generation data storage technology market segmentation by an application is done into big data storage service, cloud-based storage service, enterprise based storage service and others. The growing data analytics for big data has created the requirement for next generation data storage system, which help in efficient storing and fast searching of necessary data. A sample of this report is available upon request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/7169 The global next generation data storage technology market is segmented into seven major regions, which include North America, Western Europe, Asia Pacific Excluding Japan (APEJ), Japan, Eastern Europe, Latin America and the Middle East & Africa. Request to view table of content @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/7169 Some of the key players identified in the global next generation data storage technology market are Dell, EMC Corporation, IBM, VMware, Inc., Hewlett-Packard Development Company, Sandisk corporation, Micron Technology, Nutanix, NetApp, Inc. , Toshiba corporation, Quantum Corporation, Hitachi data systems, HGST, Inc., Drobo , Avago Technologies, SimpliVity Corporation, Tintri. Wherein HP, EMC and IBM are some of the leading players in global next generation data storage technology market. The increase in the cloud services for public and the smart technologies generated the need for new technologies for the enterprise storage industries. CategoriesUncategorized Tagsbattery, Companies, company, Computing, Industry, Internet, major, Markets, Movies, service, Technology, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious AuRico Metals Provides Update on Royalties Fosterville (2% NSR Royalty) Reserves Increase by 66% Next PostNext Text Analytics Market : Global Snapshot by 2021 Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Balancing Priorities CNBC Disruptor 50 Iconic Tour CNBC Upstart 25 SXSW Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Fast Money Fast Money Halftime Report Video Behind the Trade Poll Disclaimer Traders debate financials versus technology for their favorite sector Luqman Adeniyi | @Luqman_Adeniyi 8 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Tech to drive the rally? 9 trades    10 Hours Ago | 02:12 The"Fast Money"traders debate on Wednesday, whether the financial sector or the technology sector is the best place to make trades, in today's stock market. Trader Karen Finerman said she likes financials, such as Citigroup. She said the technology sector's current reputation as a safety trade is false. She said the area is performing as it should and is moving higher along with the rest of the market. Finerman said the sector's recent surge was delayed since the sector performed badly after the election and missed the Trump rally. Trader Guy Adami said he likes financials based on Goldman Sachs performance. The stock is up 47 percent in the past 12 months. Trader Pete Najarian said, although a tough choice, he is leaning towards technology names, more specifically the chipmakers. He mentioned stocks like Micron Technology, Skyworks Solutions, and Intel and even broadens it out to Oracle. Trader Dan Nathan piggybacks on Najarian cloud computing play and said he likes Salesforce.com. He said some traders are concerned because the stock is near its all-time highs and may not have more room to run. The stock is up 20 percent year-to-date. Disclosures: Pete Najarian owns calls AA, AAPL, ABX, BAC, BZH, C, CCL, CLF, DAL, ETE, FEYE, GE, GLD, HMY, INTC, KMI, MAR, MDLZ, MPEL, QVCA, RIG, UNP, WPT, WLL, VALE, XLF, XLNX, ZIOP. Pete is long AAP, AAPL, BABA, BAC, CL, DLTR, DIS, EBAY, EMR, GILD, GM, HAIN, HUM, IBM, INTC, JWN, K, KO,KORS, KMX, LUX, MAR, MDLZ, MOS, MSRT, MRK, RL, TRN, UNP PFE, WFT. Pete bought puts AFSI. Karen is long AAL, BAC, BAC short calls, C, DAL, EEM, EPI, EWW, DVYE, FB, FL, GLMP, GOGO, GOOG, GOOGL, JPM, URI, LYV, KORS, KORS calls, KORS puts, MA, SEDG, SPY puts, TACO, WIFI long call spreads. Her firm is long ANTM, BAC, C, C calls, FB, GOOG, GOOGL, JPM, JPM calls, KORS, LYV, PLCE, SPY puts, WIFI, her firm is short IWM, MDY. Karen Finerman is on the board of GrafTech International. Dan Nathan is long SPY May put spread, XLV long APR-June put spread, XLI long June put spread, CMG long call calendar. Guy Adami is long CELG, EXAS, GDX, INTC. Adami's wife, Linda Snow, works at Merck. Luqman AdeniyiNews Associate Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change ORCL --- C --- MU --- SWKS --- CRM --- GS --- INTC --- Binge 'Walking Dead' a megahit, thanks in part to white-knuckled binge-watchers By: Marc Gilbert, senior producer, CNBC Walking Dead producer: The phenomenon is no accident    Walking Dead producer: The show isn’t about zombies    Terminator writer sounds alarm on AI    Walking Dead producer: VR makes me nauseous    To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
/Film Blogging the Reel World News Featured Reviews Trailers Cool Stuff /Filmcast News Reviews Trailers Calendar /Filmcast Cool Stuff Casting Comic Book Remakes Sci-Fi Sequels Early Buzz TV Star Wars Superhero Bits Art Books Gadgets Gear Toys Other The Show After Dark The Tobolowsky Files Bonus Episodes Interviews Audio Commentaries Live Broadcasts Johnny Depp Will Play ‘King of the Jungle’ For ‘I Love You Phillip, Morris’ Duo Posted on Wednesday, March 29th, 2017 by Jack Giroux Scott Alexander and Larry Krzyzewski‘s biopics are typically great, stranger than fiction stories about artists. The duo behind Big Eyes, Man on the Moon, and Ed Wood normally don’t write about conventional figures, and that’s true for a new project they have in the works, King of the Jungle, which John Requa and Glenn Ficarra will direct, with Johnny Depp attached to star as John McAfee. Below, learn more about John McAfee movie. According to Deadline, Depp will star in the new film from the directors behind I Love You, Phillip Morris and Crazy, Stupid Love. The story is about John McAfee, whose McAfee Associates created an antivirus software Intel purchased for $7.67 billion in 2010. Years later, McAfee found himself on the run and facing serious allegations. Alexander and Krzyzewski’s story follows him and a Wired magazine writer on a darkly comedic, “Apocalypse Now-like” journey with “paranoia, machine guns, sex, and murder.” What You Need to Know It’s a wild, pitch dark, sad story covered in a fantastic Wired piece by Joshua Davis. The exchanges between Davis and McAfee could make for quite a movie, but it’s unclear whether King of the Jungle is portraying Davis as the Wired writer or if they’ll cook up a new character to stand in for him. The project was originally at Warner Bros., but now CAA is shopping around the package with Depp attached. A couple of months ago, Showtime debuted a doc on McAfee, Nanette Burstein‘s Gringo: The Dangerous Life of John McAfee. Here’s the trailer, in which McAfee is compared to Colonel Kurtz (Marlon Brando): McAfee wasn’t a fan of the doc, to say the least, having denied its serious allegations. McAfee was never charged with any crimes, and he eventually left Bazile and moved to Lexington, Tennesse, where he lives his wife. When police raided his compound in 2012, no illegal drugs were discovered, but ten weapons and 320 rounds of ammunition were confiscated. We’re Due For a Depp Comeback, Right? Depp has been making some unexpected choices lately. After being named the most overpaid actor two years in a row, making more than a few disappointing movies, and facing allegations of abuse, he’s managed to secure some roles in promising projects. Coming up, he has LAbryinth, Kenneth Branagh’s Murder on the Orient Express, and The Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them sequels. The Pirates of the Carribean star is not taking on the roles we’ve come to expect from him, whose recent choices haven’t felt as fresh and as inspired as they once did. It’s been many years since we’ve seen Depp give a great performance, the kind of performance that reminds audiences why an actor is a movie star. Maybe he can start a new chapter in his career with the variety of roles he’s got coming up. That is, if his career is even worth salvaging at this point. Cool Posts From Around the Web: ZergNet Comment Now!  Related Posts ‘Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales’ Featurette Brings Epic High Seas Action ‘Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales’ Trailer: Are All Pirates This Stupid? Is ‘Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales’ Really the Final Movie? ‘Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales’ Trailer: Jack Is Back Tags Casting, Drama, True Story, Glenn Ficarra, John Sequa, Johnny-Depp, King Of the Jungle, Larry Krzyzewski, Scott-Alexander show comments Featured Posts Examining Five Key Moments in the ‘It’ Trailer ‘Spider-Man: Homecoming’ Trailer Breakdown: Going Through the New Footage Frame-by-Frame Paramount CinemaCon 2017 Presentation: ‘Transformers: The Last Knight,’ ‘Baywatch,’ ‘Downsizing,’ ‘Annihilation’ Movie Mixtape: 6 Movies to Watch After ‘Ghost in the Shell’ Where ‘Power Rangers 2’ Could Possibly Take the Series Early Buzz: ‘Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales’ is Surprisingly Good /Film News Reviews Trailers Filmcast About Contact Copyright © 2005-2016 /Film. Privacy Policy. Web design by Pro Blog Design. Logo Concept by: Illumination Ink All names, trademarks and images are copyright their respective owners. Affiliate links used when available.
Military Military: The Intel Vietnam War veterans get their own annual day Vietnam War commemoration ceremony Vietnam veterans attend a Vietnam War commemoration ceremony, locally one of three over three years that mark the 50th anniversary of the Vietnam War, at Fort Rosecrans National Cemetery in San Diego on Wednesday, March 29, 2017. Vietnam veterans attend a Vietnam War commemoration ceremony, locally one of three over three years that mark the 50th anniversary of the Vietnam War, at Fort Rosecrans National Cemetery in San Diego on Wednesday, March 29, 2017. Jeanette SteeleContact Reporter What's the best way to thank a Vietnam War veteran? Vietnam war veterans, who often endured the brunt of public criticism of that conflict, now have an annual day in their honor. President Donald Trump signed legislation on Tuesday that designates March 29 as National Vietnam War Veterans Day. The law, passed without much back-and-forth in the House and Senate, encourages the display of the U.S. flag on this day. Welcome to The Intel, a blog examining the hot military news of the day The law is known as the Vietnam War Veterans Recognition Act of 2017. Previously, a proclamation by President Barack Obama had declared March 29, 2012, as the day for Vietnam veterans, according to Military Times. The new law makes it an annual event. Separately, in San Diego, some Vietnam veterans gathered at Fort Rosecrans and Miramar national cemeteries to be honored for their service. Each veteran in attendance received a lapel pin to thank them for their sacrifice. Caption Investigation uncovers problems with America's fleet of nuclear couriers Office of Secure Transportation big rigs haul nuclear weapons and highly enriched uranium on the nation's highways each day. Office of Secure Transportation big rigs haul nuclear weapons and highly enriched uranium on the nation's highways each day. Caption Investigation uncovers problems with America's fleet of nuclear couriers Office of Secure Transportation big rigs haul nuclear weapons and highly enriched uranium on the nation's highways each day. Office of Secure Transportation big rigs haul nuclear weapons and highly enriched uranium on the nation's highways each day. Caption Overprescribed? Veterans and the painkiller problem 25-year-old Jeremy Thomas, a Marine Corps veteran, lost his hand when an improvised explosive device (IED) detonated in Afghanistan in 2011.  When he got home, he faced another near deadly battle. 25-year-old Jeremy Thomas, a Marine Corps veteran, lost his hand when an improvised explosive device (IED) detonated in Afghanistan in 2011.  When he got home, he faced another near deadly battle. Caption Navy's Third Fleet splashes through the South China Sea Navy’s supercarrier Carl Vinson shared the eastern stretches of the Pacific with the Navy’s Japan-based Seventh Fleet, Carrier Strike Group One was bisecting the South China Sea Thursday morning. Navy’s supercarrier Carl Vinson shared the eastern stretches of the Pacific with the Navy’s Japan-based Seventh Fleet, Carrier Strike Group One was bisecting the South China Sea Thursday morning. Caption One major obstacle to U.S. military cooperation with Russia A National Defense Authorization Act provision prohibits military cooperation until Russia stops its occupation and aggression toward Ukraine. (Jan. 24, 2017) A National Defense Authorization Act provision prohibits military cooperation until Russia stops its occupation and aggression toward Ukraine. (Jan. 24, 2017) Caption New doctrine for dealing with potential enemies like China, Russia, Iran The “distributed lethality” concept is catching on not only with captains in the surface fleet — destroyers, cruisers and smaller warships that during the past seven decades have often been used to protect aircraft carriers. The “distributed lethality” concept is catching on not only with captains in the surface fleet — destroyers, cruisers and smaller warships that during the past seven decades have often been used to protect aircraft carriers. jen.steele@sduniontribune.com Facebook: U-T Military Twitter: @jensteeley Copyright © 2017, The San Diego Union-Tribune Asia Latest Most Popular Today's Paper Sports Jobs Homes Cars Contact Us 64°
US WORLD SCIENCE TECH MEDIA TRUMP US WORLD SCIENCE TECH MEDIA TRUMP Styles Structure {text} {title} {text} {title} {text} {title} {text} {title} Values Scripts ‘Have you heard of Susan B. Anthony? I’m shocked’: Trump stuns women at empowerment event ‘I’m not talking to bigots’: Angela Rye tears into CNN for giving Joe Walsh a platform Don Lemon smacks down conservative guest’s debunked claim that Russia helped the Clintons too Comey tried to reveal Russian plot before election — Obama administration officials blocked: report ‘Technical blunder!’: Colbert’s mixes Trump’s women’s empowerment speech with another infamous Trump video Activist finds the perfect way to turn tables on lawmakers who voted to repeal internet privacy rule Trump Interior Secretary suggests US will seize Mexican land to build border wall: report ‘That was some weird sh*t’: Sources reveal what George W. Bush really thought of Trump’s inaugural address ‘You don’t get to tell other people what racism is!’: MSNBC panel on Spicer and April Ryan goes nuts CNN: FBI ‘directly contradicts’ Nunes’ statements about Comey and House Russia hearings ‘He won’t respond at this point’: Schiff says his relationship with Nunes ‘degraded’ over Trump-Russia probe Elizabeth Preza 29 Mar 2017 at 18:52 ET                    Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA) (Photo: Screen capture) Don't miss stories. Follow Raw Story! Follow @rawstory Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA) on Wednesday told CNN’s Wolf Blitzer that House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Dunes (R-CA) has no responded to multiple requests to reschedule the planned public testimony of former Directer of National Intelligence James Clapper, former CIA chief John Brennan and former Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates. The trio was expected to testify in public session on Tuesday, but Nunes abruptly cancelled the hearing without explaining his reasoning behind it. The move came a week after Nunes alleged that new information indicated President Donald Trump and his associates may have been incidentally surveilled by U.S. intelligence officials. The House Intelligence Committee chairman obtained that information during a clandestine meeting on White House grounds, prompting critics to question whether the source of his information was someone in the White House. Discussing Nunes’ bizarre behavior with Blitzer, Schiff noted the House Intel chairman is dodging fellow Democrats on the committee, noting he “won’t share” the source of his information “not just with democrats … but with his own committee.” “What are we to make of this?” Schiff asked, adding the source of Nunes’ information “does not sound like a whistle blower.” Schiff revealed members of the committee “have asked the chair to reschedule” the interview with Clapper, Brennan and Yates. “He won’t respond at this point,” Schiff told Blitzer. The CNN host asked Schiff if he’s “talking with Devin Nunes?” Schiff noted the pair—who have previously been close—have not spoken in light of Nunes’ actions, adding the shif tin their relationship has been “very tough.” “I can’t overlook if the chairman of committee is going to freelance in this way,” Schiff said. The California Democrat iterated calls for a separate investigation, arguing they’re “going to need someone else to preside over this” if they can’t restore faith in the House Intelligence Committee. Schiff noted the problems with Nunes’ actions are two-fold. One, that the information he obtained has “only been shared with one member,” and two whether it was legal for Nunes to publicly discuss the material in the manner he did. Schiff also argued the only thing that explains Nunes’ refusal to share the information is that it “really doesn’t show what it’s being purported to show.” The ranking member called Nunes’ actions “deeply disappointing,” adding there was “no reason to delay the hearing we had scheduled last week.” He also noted that “before the degradation of [their] relationship,” he and Nunes agreed to make as much information public as possible. Watch the interview below, via CNN: Part 1– Part 2– Report typos and corrections to corrections@rawstory.com About the Author Next on Raw Story > ‘Technical blunder!’: Colbert’s mixes Trump’s women’s empowerment speech with another infamous Trump video By commenting, you agree to our terms of service and to abide by our commenting policy. Read Comments - Join the Discussion SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER Get the best of Raw Story, delivered daily Email Address New Stories ‘Technical blunder!’: Colbert’s mixes Trump’s women’s empowerment speech with another infamous Trump video Heroin use soars 500 percent in the last decade while dependence tripled ‘F*ck you, terrorist’ spray-pained on non-Muslim man’s home while he was on vacation WATCH: CNN panel laughs out loud at idea Nunes has credibility because Americans don’t care about Russia Keith Olbermann just used Trump’s own words to score a psychopath test — Trump didn’t fare well News from idealmedia.com Trump News Keith Olbermann just used Trump’s own words to score a psychopath test — Trump didn’t fare well Federal judge in Hawaii extends court order blocking Trump travel ban Don Lemon smacks down conservative guest’s debunked claim that Russia helped the Clintons too Leaders of Senate panel’s Trump-Russia probe offer assurances that they are on track while House fails Paul Ryan isn’t happy Trump is willing to work with Democrats on Trumpcare ‘That was some weird sh*t’: Sources reveal what George W. Bush really thought of Trump’s inaugural address New Videos ‘Technical blunder!’: Colbert’s mixes Trump’s women’s empowerment speech with another infamous Trump video ‘F*ck you, terrorist’ spray-pained on non-Muslim man’s home while he was on vacation WATCH: CNN panel laughs out loud at idea Nunes has credibility because Americans don’t care about Russia Keith Olbermann just used Trump’s own words to score a psychopath test — Trump didn’t fare well Don Lemon smacks down conservative guest’s debunked claim that Russia helped the Clintons too SEE ALL RAW STORIES SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER Get the best of Raw Story, delivered daily Email Address Google+
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump ObamaCare Neil Gorsuch Just In... North Carolina leaders reach deal to repeal transgender bathroom law State Watch — 2h 56m ago Federal judge extends order blocking Trump's revised travel ban Blog Briefing Room — 3h 28m ago Kelly: DHS won't separate families crossing border Administration — 3h 38m ago State Dept. to remove human rights conditions of Bahrain jet deal: report Administration — 4h 5m ago Wasserman Schultz to Sanders: Dems are already a grassroots party News — 4h 40m ago Comey: FBI is 'not on anybody's side' News — 4h 53m ago Obama WH ethics lawyer: Ivanka's job is nepotism Blog Briefing Room — 5h 9m ago White House extends Obama executive order on cyber threats Cybersecurity — 5h 25m ago view all   Schiff: I don't think White House wants to see Yates testify By Mallory Shelbourne - 03/29/17 07:03 PM EDT 1,040   Rep. Schiff: I don't think the WH wants to hear what Sally Yates has to say, but the country ought to hear from her https://t.co/v2jOZFUFDy— The Situation Room (@CNNSitRoom) March 29, 2017 The ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee on Wednesday said he doesn’t believe the White House wants to see former acting Attorney General Sally Yates testify in front of Congress, despite claims by press secretary Sean Spicer that he hopes Yates appears in front of the committee. “I think the reality is, Wolf, they don’t want to do the open hearing. They saw how the open hearing went on Monday and they don’t want to hear what Sally Yates has to say,” Rep. Adam SchiffAdam SchiffSchiff: I don't think White House wants to see Yates testify How Obama's White House weaponized media against Trump Intel Dem: 'What's the holdup' on Yates testimony? MORE (D-Calif.) told CNN’s Wolf Blitzer on “The Situation Room.” “I don’t think, not withstanding what Sean Spicer says, that the White House wants to hear what Sally Yates has to say. But I think the country ought to hear from her.” Schiff was referencing comments from press secretary Sean Spicer, who on Tuesday said he hopes Yates testifies in front of the committee currently investigating Russia’s interference in the United States presidential election. Yates was fired from her post after announcing that she would not defend President Trump's travel ban.  Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes (R-Calif.) canceled an open hearing scheduled for Tuesday that would have featured Yates, along with former CIA director John Brennan and former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper.  The cancellation of the week’s hearings came amidst growing calls from Democratic lawmakers for Nunes to recuse himself from heading the Russia probe. Nunes revealed earlier this week that he made a visit to White House grounds last week to meet with a source and review classified material. The trip came one day before the chairman briefed the press and the White House on reports he had seen showing that information from Trump transition team members had incidentally been collected by intelligence agencies. Nunes has maintained that the information he reviewed was not related to Russia or the House Intelligence Committee’s investigation. He said he is concerned that members of Trump's team were swept up in legal intelligence collection and that some of those individuals were "unmasked" in the reports. Schiff, who has called for Nunes to recuse himself following the revelation about his trip to the White House, said the public should know more details about the firing of former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn. Yates reportedly warned the White House that Flynn was a risk before it was revealed that he had spoken with the ambassador to Russia.  Schiff said he is scheduled to meet with Nunes on Thursday, but did not provide details of the timing of the meeting. The ranking Democrat said he is open to having people testify behind closed doors, but that such a testimony does not “preclude” the previously scheduled open hearing.  “We thought we had a good compromise which is, if you want to have the closed hearing first, if that was the issue you had in terms of the open hearing, we’ll do the closed hearing first,” Schiff said.  “We can schedule the closed hearing on Tuesday. We can do the open hearing on Thursday.” Tags Adam Schiff House Intelligence Committee White House   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 How North Korea could kill 90... OPINION | They could deliver a 30 kiloton weapon by land, sea or air, and... 537 Shares 2 Report: Bush called Trump's... Former President George W. Bush reportedly reacted to President Trump's... 245 Shares 3 Senators vow cooperation on Russia... Seven staff members have been allocated to the investigation, chairman... 219 Shares 4 House votes to restrict EPA’s use... The House voted Wednesday to restrict the kind of scientific studies and... 198 Shares 5 Trump's approval rating sinks to... President Trump's job approval rating hit a new low of 35 percent on... 122 Shares 6 FBI Director Comey sought to... FBI Director James Comey sought to publish an op-ed as early as last... 119 Shares 7 Obama WH ethics lawyer: Ivanka's... Former White House ethics lawyer to President Obama Norman Eisen said... 88 Shares 8 NY Times fires back at Trump: 'We... "We stand by our coverage," the newspaper's PR team tweeted. 69 Shares 9 House passes bill undoing Obama... The measure now heads to President Trump's desk.  68 Shares 10 Comey: FBI is 'not on anybody's... FBI Director James Comey on Wednesday said the last year has been easy for... 67 Shares 11 State employee charged in FBI probe A State Department employee pleaded not guilty in court on Wednesday after... 65 Shares 12 How Obama's White House weaponized... OPINION | "At stake is a core principle of our democracy: that elected... 65 Shares 13 Trump not concerned about Mar-a-... President Trump isn't concerned about the rising costs associated with his... 58 Shares 14 North Carolina leaders reach deal... A year-long debate over transgender access to public bathroom and locker... 54 Shares 15 Ivanka Trump will have an official... President Trump’s daughter Ivanka Trump will be an official government... 54 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump ObamaCare Neil Gorsuch Just In... North Carolina leaders reach deal to repeal transgender bathroom law State Watch — 2h 54m ago Federal judge extends order blocking Trump's revised travel ban Blog Briefing Room — 3h 26m ago Kelly: DHS won't separate families crossing border Administration — 3h 36m ago State Dept. to remove human rights conditions of Bahrain jet deal: report Administration — 4h 2m ago Wasserman Schultz to Sanders: Dems are already a grassroots party News — 4h 38m ago Comey: FBI is 'not on anybody's side' News — 4h 51m ago Obama WH ethics lawyer: Ivanka's job is nepotism Blog Briefing Room — 5h 6m ago White House extends Obama executive order on cyber threats Cybersecurity — 5h 22m ago view all   Dem senator: Intel panel should probe financial ties between Trump, Russia By Jordain Carney - 03/29/17 05:42 PM EDT 25   © Greg Nash Sen. Ron WydenRon WydenOvernight Finance: Dems seek probe of acting SEC chief | Defense hawks say they won't back short-term funding | Senate seen as start point for Trump infrastructure plan | Dems want more money for IRS Dem senator: Intel panel should probe financial ties between Trump, Russia Dems wait for GOP olive branch after ObamaCare debacle MORE (D-Ore.) is publicly pushing the top two members of the Senate Intelligence Committee to include a probe of any financial ties between President Trump and Moscow as part of its ongoing investigation.   Wyden, who is a member of the committee, sent a letter on Wednesday to Sens. Richard BurrRichard BurrOvernight Cybersecurity: Senators tout progress on Russia probe | Trump pressed to secure critical infrastructure | House beefs up cellphone security Dem: House intel feud an 'embarrassment' Overnight Finance: Dems seek probe of acting SEC chief | Defense hawks say they won't back short-term funding | Senate seen as start point for Trump infrastructure plan | Dems want more money for IRS MORE (R-N.C.) and Mark WarnerMark WarnerOvernight Cybersecurity: Senators tout progress on Russia probe | Trump pressed to secure critical infrastructure | House beefs up cellphone security Dem: House intel feud an 'embarrassment' Overnight Finance: Dems seek probe of acting SEC chief | Defense hawks say they won't back short-term funding | Senate seen as start point for Trump infrastructure plan | Dems want more money for IRS MORE (D-Va.) asking that they look into "any and all financial relationships" between Trump and Russia.   "I am writing to urge that the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, in its inquiry into Russia's interference in the U.S. election, conduct a thorough review of any and all financial relationships between Russia and President Trump and his associates," he wrote.   The Senate Intelligence Committee is currently investigating Russia's meddling in the 2016 White House election, including any potential ties between the Trump campaign and Russia.   Democrats have pressed for months for Trump to turn over his tax returns, suggesting they believe the financial documents could show ties to or significant investments with Russian companies that explain the president's warmer tone toward Russian President Vladimir Putin.    ADVERTISEMENT Wyden noted in his letter that he's formally asked the Senate Finance Committee, where he is the top Democratic member, to request the president's tax returns.    The Oregon lawmaker didn't specifically ask Burr and Warner to include a request of the tax documents as part of the Intelligence Committee's probe, but noted that the investigation "provides an opportunity to immediately address these matters."    "Efforts to understand these relationships and to separate fact from speculation have been hampered by the opacity of the finances of President Trump and his associates," Wyden wrote.    Asked about Wyden's letter during a press conference, Burr pledged that the committee would look "anywhere intelligence suggests that there might have been any type of relationship or efforts to influence U.S. elections."    Warner interjected to say that Trump "should have, and in the best interest of the people, released [his] tax returns."    Wednesday's letter comes after The Associated Press reported last week that Paul Manafort, Trump's former campaign manager, worked a decade ago with a Russian billionaire to advance the interests of Putin’s government.   FBI Director James Comey confirmed earlier this month that the bureau is investigating any ties between Trump officials and Russia, though he declined to say which officials are the focus of their probe.    Trump and the White House have repeatedly dismissed questions about any ties between campaign or administration officials and Putin.   Asked during a press briefing on Tuesday if the White House was trying to "revamp its image" amid the Capitol Hill probes, press secretary Sean Spicer argued that reporters are looking for connections that don't exist.    "If the president puts Russian salad dressing on his salad tonight, somehow that's a Russian connection," he joked. Tags Richard Burr Mark Warner Ron Wyden   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 How North Korea could kill 90... OPINION | They could deliver a 30 kiloton weapon by land, sea or air, and... 545 Shares 2 Report: Bush called Trump's... Former President George W. Bush reportedly reacted to President Trump's... 259 Shares 3 Senators vow cooperation on Russia... Seven staff members have been allocated to the investigation, chairman... 256 Shares 4 House votes to restrict EPA’s use... The House voted Wednesday to restrict the kind of scientific studies and... 214 Shares 5 Trump's approval rating sinks to... President Trump's job approval rating hit a new low of 35 percent on... 125 Shares 6 FBI Director Comey sought to... FBI Director James Comey sought to publish an op-ed as early as last... 121 Shares 7 Obama WH ethics lawyer: Ivanka's... Former White House ethics lawyer to President Obama Norman Eisen said... 95 Shares 8 How Obama's White House weaponized... OPINION | "At stake is a core principle of our democracy: that elected... 78 Shares 9 Comey: FBI is 'not on anybody's... FBI Director James Comey on Wednesday said the last year has been easy for... 69 Shares 10 NY Times fires back at Trump: 'We... "We stand by our coverage," the newspaper's PR team tweeted. 68 Shares 11 House passes bill undoing Obama... The measure now heads to President Trump's desk.  65 Shares 12 Trump not concerned about Mar-a-... President Trump isn't concerned about the rising costs associated with his... 62 Shares 13 Ivanka Trump will have an official... President Trump’s daughter Ivanka Trump will be an official government... 60 Shares 14 State employee charged in FBI probe A State Department employee pleaded not guilty in court on Wednesday after... 60 Shares 15 Texas Democrat to challenge Cruz:... Rep. Beto O’Rourke (D-Texas) will announce on Friday that he’ll challenge... 54 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home Technology PiDatacenters charts India roadmap; looks to be No. 1 by 2018 PiDatacenters charts India roadmap; looks to be No. 1 by 2018 Pi Datacenters, a greenfield data centre enterprise, wants to become the largest datacentre in India by 2018. By: BV Mahalakshmi | Published: March 30, 2017 3:32 AM Kalyan Muppaneni, founder and CEO, Pi Datacenters, says distributed IT and the Internet of Things (IoT) are pushing IT resources closer to users and industrial processes. Pi Datacenters, a greenfield data centre enterprise, wants to become the largest datacentre in India by 2018. With focus on major industry verticals in domestic and international markets, Pi aims to excel in providing highly innovative and tailored solutions with infrastructure as a service (IaaS), platform as a service (PaaS), disaster recovery as a service (DRaaS) and a host of other cloud enabled products through its smart, software driven data centre (SDDC) architecture. Kalyan Muppaneni, founder and CEO, Pi Datacenters, says distributed IT and the Internet of Things (IoT) are pushing IT resources closer to users and industrial processes. Companies will turn to software defined data centre solutions that support fast deployment, greater standardisation, higher scalability and remote management across distributed IT locations. And that is where Pi Datacenters’s advantage lies. “Pi is a software-defined next generation cloud data centre that gives enterprises peace-of-mind and helps businesses take advantage of the cutting-edge IT infrastructure to deliver the world-class experience to their customers,” says Muppaneni, who played a big role in shaping Intel’s enterprise architecture for global manufacturing and supply chain. As he says, he has long dreamt of coming back to India and starting a disruptive technology company with a customer-centric framework. “We are looking at multi-tenant clientele and even offering private customised suites in data centres in India which will be the first of its kind in the country,” he says. “By 2018, we will be the largest data centre in the country, both in terms of revenue and capacity offering innovations in co-location and cloud.” Pi Datacenters currently delivers its solutions out of its cloud hub and managed services delivery centre at Vijayawada. “We want to partner with our customers in designing their digital transformation and business growth, through our holistic cloud and data center solutions, cutting across all verticals and segments,” he adds. Also Watch: As part of its plans, the company is launching its largest datacentre with 5,000-plus racks capacity at Mangalagiri, Amaravati, the capital region of Andhra Pradesh, shortly. Being greenfield, uptime certified Tier-IV software defined strategic datacentre and best in class architecture, form the core of the intelligent datacentre. “The product portfolio is designed to cater to enterprises across industry verticals, and ranges from off-the-shelf services like co-location and managed hosting, to tailored solutions around cloud products and managed services,” he adds. Recently, tech focused fund Epsilon Venture Partners and a major Australian private equity group, invested R154 crore in Pi Datacenters. The global data centre infrastructure management (DCIM) market 2016-20 report says growing adoption of modular data centres, in which each module can host dedicated IT, power, and cooling equipment, will be a key trend in driving the market. Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now US Ambassador to UN Nikki Haley says open to ideas on UNSC reform Amit Shah must apologise to Goans, demands Congress Why good home-care health system is needed in rural areas US judge indefinitely extends ruling halting Donald Trump's travel ban Peggy Whitson set to break Sunita Williams' spacewalk record Aurobindo Pharma gets USFDA nod for HIV drug Combating prejudice against Africans: India has a lot to lose Dilip Buildcon bags Rs 3,269 cr road projects in Maharashtra TVF row: 'The Viral Fever's' founder Arunabh Kumar faces case of sexual harassment Heat wave like conditions in several states, Bhira in Maharashtra sizzles at 46.5 degrees Uttar Pradesh slaughterhouse ban woes: Meat shop owners forced to sell tea Assembly Election Results 2017 Uttar pradesh Assembly Elections 2017 Punjab Assembly Elections 2017 Goa Assembly Elections 2017 Uttarakhand Assembly Elections 2017 Manipur Assembly elections 2017  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Hindi News ट्रेन हादसाः उत्तर प्रदेश के कुलपहाड़ के नजदीक पटरी से उतरे महाकौशल एक्सप्रेस के 8 डिब्बे मेरठ: मेयर का पार्षदों को वंदे मातरम गाने का निर्देश, मुस्लिम सदस्यों ने मना किया तो बीजेपी वाले बोले- हिंदुस्तान में रहना है तो वंदे मातरम कहना होगा 300 से 20 हजार पर पहुंच गया है पूर्व सांसदों का पेंशन, 33 साल में लगातार लाभकारी होता गया है नियम Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Politics Mike Huckabee HEAVILY IMPLIES That Lindsey Graham Is Gay [AUDIO] Christian Datoc Reporter 5:25 PM 03/29/2017      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 5562332 Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee heavily implied that Sen. Lindsey Graham is gay during a Wednesday morning interview with Laura Ingraham. LISTEN: “I’m very disappointed in Lindsey,” Huckabee said of the South Carolina Republican’s recent comparisons of House Intel Chair Devin Nunes to the “Pink Panther” character Inspector Jacques Clouseau. “I sometimes wonder what uniform he puts on each morning when goes out to the field to play, and I’m not just talking about the partisan uniform.” George Patak, Mike Huckabee, Rick Santorum and Lindsey Graham (Getty images) “I think to bring that kind of criticism and to call the chairman of the House Intel Committee — who is a person of integrity — to call him Inspector Clouseau, to use those kind of terms basically to diminish him, it’s very unfortunate. It’s demeaning.” Follow Datoc on Twitter and Facebook Tags: Devin Nunes, Laura Ingraham, Lindsey Graham, Mike Huckabee Hide Comments   Show comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Impossible Project I-1 Polaroid Camera: The Gizmodo Review Leica's Waterproof X-U Camera: The Gizmodo Review Car Reviews Six Hours In An Aston Martin DB11 BMW i3 REx: Australian Review Volvo S90: Australian Review 2016 Holden Astra: Australian Review Phone Reviews Samsung Galaxy A5 & A7: Australian Review Huawei Mate 9: Australian Review Oppo R9s: Australian Review Motorola Moto Z: Australian Review PC Reviews SCUF Infinity1 And Infinity4PS Pro Controllers: The Australian Review iKBC F87 Australian Review: No Frills, No Fuss Origin PC Chronos: Australian Review LG 27UD88 4K FreeSync Monitor: Australian Review Smartwatch Reviews Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review The Pebble 2 Is Now The Only Fitness Tracking Smartwatch You Need Fitbit Charge 2 Review: The Best Fitness Tracker, Period Gadgets Reviews North Face Access Pack: Australian Review Building The IKEA Bike Is A Pain Worth Suffering Through Samsung Powerbot VR9300 Robot Vacuum Cleaner: Australian Review DJI Mavic Pro 4K Drone Review: So Close To Terrific Gaming Reviews Allcade 64-Bit Retro Console: The Gizmodo Review The Nintendo Switch: Australian Impressions Noblechairs' Gaming Chair Is For Firm Butts And Deep Pockets The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Entertainment Reviews Review: Like Its Star, The LEGO Batman Movie Tries Way Too Hard To Be Cool The Power Rangers Movie Doesn't Actually Want To Be A Power Rangers Movie Life Is The Next Great Leap Forward For Science Fiction Horror Female-Fronted Horror Anthology XX Finds The Dread In Domesticity  Review: Like Its Star, The LEGO Batman Movie Tries Way Too Hard To Be Cool The Power Rangers Movie Doesn't Actually Want To Be A Power Rangers Movie Allcade 64-Bit Retro Console: The Gizmodo Review Samsung Galaxy Tab S3: The Gizmodo Review Smart Home & Gadgets North Korean Defector Describes The Shock Of Adjusting To A Society With Advanced Technology A Squishy Robotic Octopus Tentacle Might Not Actually Be Nightmare Fuel How I Let Disney Track My Every Move Every '90s Kid Will Want This Transforming Power Rangers Megazord LEGO Set Mobile Samsung Galaxy S8: Australian Hands On Samsung's DeX Station Converts Your Galaxy S8 Into An Android PC Samsung's New Gear 360 Shoots 4K Video And Live Streams VR Samsung's New Gear VR Finally Comes With A Motion Controller Car Tech Report: Former British PM David Cameron Encouraged London Mayor To Drop Uber Regulations Which Character Caused The Most Damage In The 'Fast And The Furious' Movies? Your Ridiculously Awesome Ferrari Wallpaper Is Here Intoxicated Man 'Showing Off' New Subaru WRX Runs It Into A House: Police  Online LastPass Exploit Shows That Last Password You Made Probably Wasn't Your Last Uber Finally Releases Long-Delayed Diversity Report US Congress Just Gave Internet Providers The Green Light To Sell Customers' Browsing History Without Consent Amazon Is Coming To Australia In 2018 Science & Health The European Space Agency Will Send Its First Mars Rover To One Of These Two Mysterious Sites Uranus Smells Like Farts Villagers Find Missing Man's Corpse In Belly Of Enormous Snake World First: Completely Paralysed Man Uses Brain Implant To Control Arm Muscles Cameras Carrying A Flying Camera Drone Results In Some Beautifully Stabilised Shots Rediscovered 1920s Home Movies Are The First To Show The White House In Colour This Nest Security Flaw Is Remarkably Stupid UK Testing Out Drone Army To Beef Up Its Already Robust Surveillance State  Computing 8 Apps That Actually Make The Most Of An Android Tablet Windows Creators Update Is Full Of Neat Tricks You'll Never Use Microsoft Surface Studio: Australian Price, Specs, And Availability Intel Claims Its Magical New Memory Will Speed Your Computer Up For Cheap Gaming Watch The Halo World Championships Live (Thanks To Twitter) Supergirl Shows Up To Fight Her Jerk Cousin In Injustice 2 Sydney's Microsoft Store Is Holding Free Game Development Workshops Game Of Thrones Is Getting A Tabletop Miniatures Game... Of Thrones Entertainment The Handmaid's Tale Continues With An Audiobook 'Radio Drama' From Margaret Atwood We Saw Ten Minutes Of Alexander Payne's Surprising Sci-Fi Film Downsizing The First Footage Of Alex Garland's Annihilation Looks Absolutely Mesmerising Here's The First Look At The TV Version Of Black Lightning Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Smart Home & Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment World First: Completely Paralysed Man Uses Brain Implant To Control Arm Muscles Microsoft Surface Studio: Australian Price, Specs, And Availability Samsung Galaxy S8: Australian Hands On Samsung's DeX Station Converts Your Galaxy S8 Into An Android PC Microsoft Surface Studio: Australian Price, Specs, And Availability Rae Johnston Mar 30, 2017, 7:15am ⋅ Filed to:  Australian Stories feature microsoft surface studio Share Image: Supplied Microsoft's new Surface Studio is designed to be a flexible workspace - Desktop Mode is for your general office tasks, then it switches to become a creative studio space, ideal for collaborative work. Here's when you can get your hands on one, all the specs, and how much it will set you back. The Surface Studio comes with a 28-inch PixelSense Display (which is the thinnest LCD monitor of its size), featuring 13.5 million pixels at 192 PPI. There's True Scale (so the 12-point font on the screen is the same as on the page) and individually colour-calibrated TrueColor. There's a 1100:1 contrast ratio and a wide color-gamut display that switches between sRGB, Vivid (P3-D65) and DCI-P3 - which Microsoft boasts delivers "more color than 99 per cent of the world's desktop monitors". The switch from Desktop dowqn into to Studio Mode happens via the Zero Gravity Hinge. In Studio Mode the monitor sits at 20 degrees, ideal for a drafting table using Surface Pen, touch and Surface Dial - "just like a sheet of paper on a drafting table". Collaboration comes via video calls using the 1080p low-light-capable front camera and stereo 2.1 Dolby Audio Premium Speakers. There's also a front-facing infrared camera and Windows Hello. Under the hood there's Quad-core 6th Generation Intel Core processors, a NVIDIA GeForce GPU with up to 4GB GDDR5 memory, and up to 2TB Rapid Hybrid Drive storage. It's capable enough to run Siemens NX software, games and VR - including the HTC Vive. It also supports Xbox Wireless - you can connect up top four Xbox One controllers. It is designed to work with the new Surface Dial as well as the Surface Pen. Just the specs, please Operating System: Windows 10 Pro Exterior: Dimensions:Display: 637.35 mm wide x 438.90 mm high x 12.5 mm at center and 8.6 mm along the edge, Base: 250.00 mm x 220.00 mm x 32.20 mm; Weight: up to 9.56 kg; Color: Silver; Physical buttons: power, volume Display:Screen:28-inch PixelSense Display; Resolution: 4,500x3,000 (13.5 million pixels at 192 DPI) native 2 x 96 DPI scaling; Contrast ratio: 1100:1; Aspect ratio: 3:2; Color: DCI-P3 individually color-calibrated; Color profiles: sRGB (standard), DCI-P3 (Cinema), Vivid (P3-D65); Touch: 10-point multitouch Security: TPM chip for enterprise security, biometric security; Interface for Kensington Lock Kit for Surface Studio Pen:Surface Pen; 1,024 levels of pressure sensitivity; Magnetic storage Network: 10/100/1000Mb Ethernet (Gigabit); 802.11ac Cameras: Windows Hello face sign-in camera, enterprise-class authentication; 5.0MP front-facing camera with 1080p video support Audio: Stereo microphones; Stereo 2.1 speakers with Dolby Audio Premium (eight speakers in the display, two in the base) Ports:Four full-size USB 3.0; Full-size SD card reader (UHS-II performance); 3.5mm stereo headphones/microphone jack; Mini DisplayPort; Gigabit Ethernet Power supply: Internal power supply with AC inlet; Grip-release cable (AC power cable) In the box: Surface Studio; Surface Pen; Microsoft Surface Keyboard; Microsoft Surface Mouse; AC power cable; Quick Start Guide; Safety, warranty and product documents Warranty: One-year limited hardware warranty Australian Pricing and Availability Image: Supplied The 8GB/i5 model is $4,699, the 16GB/i7 $5,499 and the 32GB/i7 is $6,599. Available from 27 April, pre-orders are now open. WATCH MORE: Tech News Comments Cameron @moonhead Mar 30, 2017, 10:31am Or, perhaps the link to the Australian store? https://www.microsoft.com/en-au/surface/devices/surface-studio/overview Reply 1 jengaship @jengaship Mar 30, 2017, 12:30pm It's a great concept. I'm typically dead-set against companies when they even try to claim just one year warranty on such expensive items though. Smart consumers know better, but they will still try and tell you that it's out of warranty in two years. Reply 0 dazzler @dazzler3622 Mar 30, 2017, 3:26pm Is it too cliched to complain about the Aussie tax? These are $800-$1000 more expensive than the direct conversion between usd and aud! Reply 0 yld_1 @yld_1 Mar 30, 2017, 3:54pm I was in the states and tried this out in one of the stores its definitely NOT WORTH it you're better off building a more powerful machine buying a wacom cintiq (you have limitations of the surface pen) and optionally buy a 5k monitor sure I understand you're paying for the build quality and aspect ratio etc but it just didnt feel premium with Windows 10 running along with those scaling issues Reply 0 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now The Galaxy S8 Is Samsung's Biggest (And Safest) Bet Yet Campbell Simpson 30 Mar 2017 2:00 AM The brand new Samsung Galaxy S8, just introduced to the world at Unpacked in New York, is Samsung's best phone ever. It's the most powerful, with an innovative screen and a design that's incredibly refined. It has Bixby, a voice agent that wants to be just as useful and integral to your phone as touch already is. It has a new motion-sensitive Gear VR headset and works with a new high-resolution Gear 360 camera. At the same time, there's no one standout feature or gimmick with the new phone from the world's largest phone maker that makes you go wow -- after travelling the rocky road paved by the Galaxy Note7, Samsung is concentrating on getting the basics right with the S8 and larger S8+. Elon Musk Is Wrong To Think He Can Save The World By Boosting Our Brains George Dvorsky 29 Mar 2017 7:00 AM Tesla and SpaceX CEO Elon Musk has announced a new venture called Neuralink, a startup which aims to develop neural interface technologies that connect our brains to computers. Musk says it's the best way to prevent an AI apocalypse, but it's on this point that he's gravely mistaken. Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Netflix And Chill Around The Globe With This Unblocker Deals: Boost Your Mac's Functionality With This App Bundle Deals: Charge Your iPhone 7 And Listen to Music With These 2-In-1 Cables Deals: Learn One Of The Most In-Demand Coding Languages For Just $55 Trending Articles 1 The Galaxy S8 Is Samsung's Biggest (And Safest) Bet Yet 2 Elon Musk Is Wrong To Think He Can Save The World By Boosting Our Brains 3 Samsung Galaxy S8: Australian Pricing And Release Date North Korean Defector Describes The Shock Of Adjusting To A Society With Advanced Technology A Squishy Robotic Octopus Tentacle Might Not Actually Be Nightmare Fuel The European Space Agency Will Send Its First Mars Rover To One Of These Two Mysterious Sites The Handmaid's Tale Continues With An Audiobook 'Radio Drama' From Margaret Atwood Jem And The Holograms Comic Finally Does What The Show Never Dared Some Better Cop Games Would Be Nice Fire Emblem Heroes Spring Event Comes With Bunny Costumes Dogfighting Game Feels Like A Long Lost Sega Classic How To Tell Your Boss You're Unhappy At Work Briefly: Galaxy S8 Frenzy, Real-Life Sharknado, Freaky Jupiter How McDonald's Four Mcnugget Shapes Are Made Starving Yourself Two Days A Week Is Actually Not A Bad Diet London's 328-year old insurance market is setting up in Brussels to counter Brexit effects 10 things in tech you need to know today This big shark that washed up by a road is the only reminder you'll ever need to stay out of floodwaters in Australia The 10 most important things in the world right now © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Log in to Gizmodo Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Gizmodo User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
Search About The Pulse Advertise With Us Past Issues Connect with Us facebook twitter youtube Menu Cover Story Beginnings City Life The Bowl Consider This EdiToon Arts Features News & Notes Pulse Picks Music Features News & Notes Record Reviews Pulse Picks Screen Reviews News & Notes Columns On The Beat Game On! Shrink Rap Shades of Green Just A Theory Air Bag Business Briefs Day Trippin' Food & Drink Sushi & Biscuits Mixology Spirits Within Featured Dining Drink Spotlight Chow Spotlight Fun Free Will Astrology Jonesin' Crossword Solution The List Calendar On The Beat Game On! Shrink Rap Shades of Green Just A Theory Air Bag Business Briefs Day Trippin' Home Columns On The Beat Those Lovely Ladies Of The Night Those Lovely Ladies Of The Night by Alex Teach March 29, 2017 4:25 PM Back to Search Results RSS Print × Expand Officer Alex explains the symbiotic relationship between cops and hookers It’s late March. Valentine’s Day has come and gone, but let’s face it, we’re all still thinking the same thing here: what about the hookers? (I mean, am I right?) Valentine’s Day was on a Tuesday this year which is great for guys with girlfriends because the pressure of a “Friday” or “Saturday” Valentine’s Day is tremendous. It’s like a third positive pregnancy test or a Saturday afternoon birthday party for your niece or nephew after you’ve accidentally declared to the parent in question “No, I don’t have any plans, why?” There’s no way out and you’re going to be miserable as hell, but a midweek V-Day is a thing of beauty. Nothing will be overbooked, you can cut out early “for work,” or best of all you can defer it completely due to work (“so we can really enjoy it later baby,”) and then what is an otherwise Class IV Mega-Commitment Holiday can be turned into a run of the mill Friday or Saturday night at the movies/racetrack/strip club with your girl, but for the average hooker?  It just compounds the misery of being an actual whore since you don’t even have the excuse of it being a weekend to distract yourself with larger crowds to dilute what is already an often miserable life. I’m a cop. A better part of my career is spent dealing with hookers both directly and indirectly, and at the end of the day they become part of the backdrop of society any good copper comes to know. Allow me to digress: Cops need hookers, actually—and not for the reason that brings to mind.  Intel is the bulk of it; they are called “streetwalkers” for a specific reason and they may not have a grasp of the depth of a thing they see, but see it they do, and that information can be quite literally valuable to the common sex worker.  I mean, a girl that does some fairly unpalatable things for a five-dollar bill has to have other income streams, and a bird’s eye view of the coming and goings of The Street is a definite niche market.  (Particularly if the view is that of a local Christian restaurant owner negotiating alley nookie, or the sighting of a gang member post-shooting. I mean, cha-CHING!) With this comes hazards, but with this comes unusual talents as well. I’m not talking about anything involving a ping pong ball or a North American marsupial now, calm yourself. I’m talking about Whore Magic. It’s a scientific fact that prostitutes have the magical ability to disappear on command. While I’m not sure what the catalyst is or if there’s some kind of a Ho Correspondence Course to attain such—though it seems quite reasonable to assume such in this day of free-flowing college loans—but true courtesan’s have the ability to will themselves into a wisp of smoke the instant a roller eases by, no matter how much stealth bacon is in effect. It’s not just uncanny either—it’s downright unsettling.  That said? Skills aside, they are still a demographic emotionally ravaged by the very society that preys upon them, not to mention the memories of dance recital after dance recital missed throughout childhood. The humanity of it all, am I right? That said, Valentine’s Day has got to be rougher that most when it comes to the Whore Mind, and again…on a Tuesday in particular. Let’s face it: Richard Gere isn’t going to be picking you up in a Lotus anytime soon, Candy Kane. Freakshow Mel in an ’86 conversion van during his lunch break from the rectory? You can bet your low self-esteem ass, but a sequel to Pretty Woman this is not. Guys, let’s take a deep breath and more than a few seconds to think of these poor pill-addled ladies and avoid them—I mean, AIDS still IS real—but don’t forget them. (I appreciate you letting me take you on this normally unaccustomed journey into sensitivity, but that’s the beauty of The Pulse—I can let my guard down as quickly as a hooker can deploy her shorts to the passenger floorboard of an ’89 Econoline, and with no worries at all.)  Be well, constituency. When officer Alexander D. Teach is not patrolling our fair city on the heels of the criminal element, he spends his spare time volunteering for the Boehm Birth Defects Center. by Alex Teach March 29, 2017 4:25 PM The Pulse Calendar Thursday March 30, 2017 Markets Ooltewah Farmers Market Mar 30, 2017 3:00 PM Ooltewah Nursery & Landscape Markets Signal Mountain Farmers Market Mar 30, 2017 4:00 PM Signal Mountain Farmers Market Art & Exhibitions Spring Open House Mar 30, 2017 4:00 PM Reflections Gallery Art & Exhibitions Old, New, Borrowed, Blue Mar 30, 2017 5:00 PM - 8:00 PM In-Town Gallery Concerts & Live Music James Crumble Trio Mar 30, 2017 6:00 PM St. John's Meeting Place Concerts & Live Music Rick Rushing Blues Jazz 'n Friends Mar 30, 2017 6:00 PM Bluewater Grille Concerts & Live Music Prime Country Band Mar 30, 2017 6:30 PM Motley's Friday March 31, 2017 Theater & Dance That Other Woman's Child: A Bluegrass Musical Mar 30, 2017 - Apr 9, 2017 Chattanooga State Humanities Theatre Markets Chattanooga Market at Erlanger Mar 31, 2017 10:30 AM Erlanger Hospital Art & Exhibitions Old, New, Borrowed, Blue Mar 31, 2017 5:00 PM - 8:00 PM In-Town Gallery Concerts & Live Music Binji Varsossa Mar 31, 2017 6:00 PM Cancun Restaurant Downtown Concerts & Live Music Eddie Pontiac Mar 31, 2017 6:00 PM El Mesõn Art & Exhibitions Art Alive Mar 31, 2017 6:00 PM - 7:00 PM Hunter Museum of American Art Concerts & Live Music Perihelion, Wings Denied, From Another Planet, Malviant, Age Of Atrocity Mar 31, 2017 7:00 PM Ziggy’s Bar & Grill Saturday April 1, 2017 Business & Career Money School Apr 1, 2017 8:30 AM - 1:00 PM Brainerd Crossroads Markets St. Alban’s Hixson Market Apr 1, 2017 9:30 AM St. Alban's Episcopal Church Markets Chattanooga River Market Apr 1, 2017 10:00 AM Tennessee Aquarium Plaza Markets Northside Farmers Market Apr 1, 2017 10:00 AM Northside Presbyterian Church Markets Brainerd Farmers Market Apr 1, 2017 11:00 AM Grace Episcopal Church Theater & Dance West Side Story Apr 1, 2017 2:00 PM - 4:30 PM Robert Kirk Walker Community Theatre Concerts & Live Music Binji Varsossa Apr 1, 2017 6:00 PM Cancun Restaurant Downtown Sunday April 2, 2017 Concerts & Live Music JAM Fest 2017: Jazz on the Grass Apr 2, 2017 11:00 AM - 4:00 PM Coolidge Park Art & Exhibitions Día de diversión Familiar/Family Fun Day Apr 2, 2017 2:00 PM - 4:00 PM Hunter Museum of American Art Concerts & Live Music JAM Fest 2017: An Evening with Judy Carmichael Apr 2, 2017 5:30 PM - 8:00 PM Chattanooga Theatre Centre Concerts & Live Music Open Mic with Jeff Daniels Apr 2, 2017 6:00 PM Long Haul Saloon Concerts & Live Music Adventure! Southern Adventist University Wind Symphony Apr 2, 2017 7:30 PM - 9:00 PM Collegedale Church of Seventh-day Adventists Theater & Dance The Mr. and Miss 50 States Pageant 2017 Apr 2, 2017 8:00 PM - 11:00 PM Chattanooga Choo Choo Theater & Dance That Other Woman's Child: A Bluegrass Musical Mar 30, 2017 - Apr 9, 2017 Chattanooga State Humanities Theatre Monday April 3, 2017 Markets Red Bank Farmers Market Apr 3, 2017 3:00 PM Red Bank United Methodist Church Concerts & Live Music Open Air with Jessica Nunn Apr 3, 2017 6:00 PM Granfalloon Concerts & Live Music Monday Nite Big Band Apr 3, 2017 7:00 PM The Palms at Hamilton Concerts & Live Music Very Open Mic Apr 3, 2017 8:00 PM The Well Theater & Dance That Other Woman's Child: A Bluegrass Musical Mar 30, 2017 - Apr 9, 2017 Chattanooga State Humanities Theatre Education & Learning Graphic Design with A.I.R. Labs Mar 28, 2017 - May 9, 2017 A.I.R. Labs Art & Exhibitions 'For Your Eyes Only' Gallery Show Mar 3, 2017 - Apr 28, 2017 Association for Visual Arts Tuesday April 4, 2017 Art & Exhibitions Senior Thesis Exhibitions “Show One” Apr 4, 2017 6:00 PM UTC Fine Arts Center This & That Tuesday Night Chess Club Apr 4, 2017 6:00 PM Chattanooga Public Library - Downtown Branch Concerts & Live Music Bill McCallie and In Cahoots Apr 4, 2017 6:30 PM Southern Belle Riverboat Concerts & Live Music Open Mic with Mike McDade Apr 4, 2017 8:00 PM Tremont Tavern Theater & Dance That Other Woman's Child: A Bluegrass Musical Mar 30, 2017 - Apr 9, 2017 Chattanooga State Humanities Theatre Education & Learning Graphic Design with A.I.R. Labs Mar 28, 2017 - May 9, 2017 A.I.R. Labs Art & Exhibitions 'For Your Eyes Only' Gallery Show Mar 3, 2017 - Apr 28, 2017 Association for Visual Arts Wednesday April 5, 2017 Kids & Family Art Babies : Parent Child Art Classes Apr 5, 2017 - May 10, 2017 Townsend Atelier Theater & Dance Middle East Dance Apr 5, 2017 10:30 AM Jewish Cultural Center Markets Main Street Farmers Market Apr 5, 2017 4:00 PM Main Street Farmers Market Concerts & Live Music Eddie Pontiac Apr 5, 2017 5:30 PM El Meson Hixson Politics & Activism Drinking Liberally Apr 5, 2017 6:00 PM - 8:00 PM Mellow Mushroom Downtown Art & Exhibitions JAM Fest 2017: Arts.Black Apr 5, 2017 6:30 PM - 9:00 PM Jazzanooga Arts Space Concerts & Live Music Jimmy Harris Apr 5, 2017 7:00 PM - 9:00 PM The Palms at Hamilton Search Events Submit Yours Cover Story Beginnings City Life The Bowl Consider This EdiToon Arts Features News & Notes Pulse Picks Music Features News & Notes Record Reviews Pulse Picks Screen Reviews News & Notes Columns On The Beat Game On! Shrink Rap Shades of Green Just A Theory Air Bag Business Briefs Day Trippin' Food & Drink Sushi & Biscuits Mixology Spirits Within Featured Dining Drink Spotlight Chow Spotlight Fun Free Will Astrology Jonesin' Crossword Solution The List Calendar On The Beat Game On! Shrink Rap Shades of Green Just A Theory Air Bag Business Briefs Day Trippin' About The Pulse Advertise With Us © 2014 The Pulse and Brewer Media. All rights reserved. Built with Metro Publisher™  
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Pluristem Launches Co-CEO Structure and Appoints New CFO Globe Newswire   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} March 29, 2017 4:00pm   Comments Share: Yaky Yanay appointed Co-Chief Executive Officer to serve together with Co-Chief Executive Officer Zami Aberman Erez Egozi appointed as Chief Financial Officer ﻿HAIFA, Israel, March 29, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) --  Pluristem Therapeutics Inc. (NASDAQ:PSTI), (TASE:PSTI), a leading developer of placenta-based cell therapy products, announced today two senior executive appointments to support the company's growth and ensure continued success as it enters advanced stages of clinical development for its PLX products.  Yaky Yanay, President of Pluristem and formerly Chief Operating Officer, will join current Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Zami Aberman as Co-Chief Executive Officer and retain his title of President of the company. Mr. Yanay will no longer serve as the company's Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Yanay joined Pluristem in 2006 as Chief Financial Officer and Secretary, before being promoted to Executive Vice President in 2013 and then to President and Chief Operating Officer in 2014. Previously, Mr. Yanay was the Chief Financial Officer of Elbit Vision Systems, Ltd. He is also Co-Chairman of Israel Advanced Technology Industries, the largest umbrella organization representing Israel's hi-tech and life science industries and has served on its Board of Directors for three years. In addition, Erez Egozi has been appointed to the position of Chief Financial Officer of the company. Previously, Mr. Egozi served as the company's Vice President of Finance and Secretary. Prior to joining Pluristem, Mr. Egozi held several senior financial positions at Verint Systems Inc. including senior director of finance-worldwide finance controller of Verint's Communications and Cyber Intelligence Solutions division. From 2003 to 2007, Mr. Egozi held several financial positions at Intel Corporation. From 2000 to 2003, Mr. Egozi served as an auditor in the hi-tech technology sector at Deloitte & Touche. "It's a very exciting time for Pluristem, as we move forward in our mission to deliver PLX cell therapies to patients suffering from severe conditions," said Mr Yanay. "I look forward to continue working with Zami to shape Pluristem's strategic direction and leverage our vast wealth of intellectual property and innovation to bring the company closer to global marketing for our products to provide much-needed treatments." "As we near the critical juncture of pivotal-stage clinical trials for our cell therapy products, broadening our expertise and experience at the senior-most level will enable us to deliver even better results and opportunities for the company, investors, and potentially many patients who can benefit from our therapies," noted Mr. Aberman. About Pluristem Therapeutics Pluristem Therapeutics Inc. is a leading developer of placenta-based cell therapy products. The company has reported robust clinical trial data in multiple indications for its patented PLX (PLacental eXpanded) cells and is entering late-stage trials in several indications. The cell products release a range of therapeutic proteins in response to inflammation, ischemia, hematological disorders, and radiation damage. PLX cell products are grown using the company's proprietary three-dimensional expansion technology. They are off-the-shelf, requiring no tissue matching prior to administration. Pluristem has a strong intellectual property position; company-owned and operated, GMP-certified manufacturing and research facilities; strategic relationships with major research institutions; and a seasoned management team. Safe Harbor Statement This press release contains express or implied forward-looking statements within the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and other U.S. Federal securities laws. For example, the company is using forward-looking statements when we discuss Pluristem entering advanced stages of clinical development for its PLX products, leveraging Pluristem's wealth of intellectual property and innovation to bring Pluristem closer to global marketing for its products and that broadening Pluristem's expertise and experience at the senior-most level will enable Pluristem to deliver even better results and opportunities for the company, investors and the potentially many patients who can benefit from the company's therapies. These forward-looking statements and their implications are based on the current expectations of the management of Pluristem only, and are subject to a number of factors and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. The following factors, among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements: changes in technology and market requirements; the company may encounter delays or obstacles in launching and/or successfully completing its clinical trials; the company's products may not be approved by regulatory agencies, the company's technology may not be validated as it progresses further and its methods may not be accepted by the scientific community; the company may be unable to retain or attract key employees whose knowledge is essential to the development of its products; unforeseen scientific difficulties may develop with the company's process; the company's products may wind up being more expensive than the company anticipates; results in the laboratory may not translate to equally good results in real clinical settings; results of preclinical studies may not correlate with the results of human clinical trials; the company's patents may not be sufficient; the company's products may harm recipients; changes in legislation; inability to timely develop and introduce new technologies, products and applications; loss of market share and pressure on pricing resulting from competition, which could cause the actual results or performance of Pluristem to differ materially from those contemplated in such forward-looking statements. Except as otherwise required by law, Pluristem undertakes no obligation to publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. For a more detailed description of the risks and uncertainties affecting Pluristem, reference is made to Pluristem's reports filed from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Contact:

Karine Kleinhaus, MD, MPH
Divisional VP, North America
1-914-512-4109
karinek@pluristem.com

Efrat Kaduri
Head of Investor and Public Relations
972-74-7108600
efratk@pluristem.com View Comments and Join the Discussion!   View the discussion thread. Trending Recent 1 XTLB, RHT: 25 Stocks Moving In Tuesday's Pre-Market Session 2 ATHX, VRTX: 22 Stocks Moving In Wednesday's Pre-Market Session 3 SNX, DRI: 10 Stocks To Watch For March 28, 2017 4 AAPL: At This Price, Is It Too Late To Buy Apple Stock? 5 GOOGL, USG: Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrade... 6 SDRL, OAS: Benzinga's Option Alert R... 7 INFO, MKC: Earnings Scheduled Fo... 1 How To Minimize The Risks Of Covered Call Selling 2 6 Trusted Risk Mitigation Strategies for Covered Call Selling 3 SPY: Here Are The Likely Options On The Table As Trump Weighs Tax Reform 4 UGA: Despite Low Gas Prices, Americans Are Overpaying At The Pump 5 KSS, COST: Shuttered Retail Is Amazon's Gain 6 FTNT, CHKP: Why Fortinet Belongs In The Conversation With Cisco And... 7 SNAP: Snap's Corporate Governance Structure Still Ne... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Samsung's Galaxy S8 resurrects a fantasy tech companies have had for years Jeff Dunn Mar. 29, 2017, 3:00 PM 28,585 facebook linkedin twitter email print The Samsung DeX. Business Insider/Antonio Villas-Boas Samsung announced its next big smartphones, the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8 Plus, on Wednesday. As expected, both devices come with big displays, super thin bezels, and top-of-the-line specs. They look good. Perhaps the most curious bit of news, though, isn't about the phones so much as it is an accessory that supports them: the DeX. Short for "desktop extension," it's a little dock that effectively turns the Galaxy S8 or S8 Plus into a desktop computer. So if you wanted to finish a Word doc you started typing on the bus, for instance, you could pop the Galaxy S8 into the DeX, hook up a Bluetooth keyboard and mouse, and continue on the bigger screen. When everything is connected and the DeX is plugged into a monitor, the phone stretches out its Android skin to look like a Windows-esque PC platform. It seems pretty clean. The DeX itself has ports for USB-C, HDMI, Ethernet, and the older USB 2.0, and comes with a cooling fan to keep your phone from overheating. You can still connect to the web over LTE. Business Insider/Antonio Villas-Boas Samsung's browser, email, calendar, and other apps have been reworked to fit the more spacious screen, but the company says it's also getting Microsoft and Adobe to adapt their Office and Lightroom apps, respectively, to the nonmobile environment. Samsung isn't saying how much the DeX will cost or when it'll be available, but past leaks have said it could cost €150 in Europe. So it could be pricey. Given that the Galaxy S8 isn't cheap, Samsung is pitching the DeX as a neat, productivity-boosting extra for Galaxy diehards more than as a core aspect of the phone. A dream that will not die That's probably for the best. Samsung is just the latest in a string of tech companies that have tried to sell phones that can also be PCs. Thus far, none of them has taken off. Tech people call this "convergence," or the idea that a single gadget — in this case, the smartphone — can swallow all other device types and become the One True Computer for whatever you need. The thinking behind it makes sense: The smartphone is the most popular way people access the internet, and the technology behind it is only getting more powerful. Apple's A-series of mobile chips are at the point where you can at least put them in the same conversation as an Intel desktop processor, and last year Microsoft showed how it can run its full Windows 10 operating system — albeit partially through emulation — on a Qualcomm Snapdragon chip. The Galaxy S8 runs on the latest and fastest Snapdragon 835 chip. Business Insider/Antonio Villas-Boas Meanwhile, more and more people are comfortable turning to less-robust devices like tablets and Chromebooks to fill their computing needs. If the phone is good and strong enough, why buy two or three computers when you could have only one? It's an attractive pitch — which helps explain why Samsung is far from the first company to make something like it. Here's a quick history lesson: • In 2011, Motorola released the Atrix 4G, an Android phone you could plug into a Lapdock, a $500 laptop shell you could use to run the phone in a desktop environment. The phone was powerful at the time, but the Lapdock's price and limited functionality kept it as more of a gimmick than a game-changer. • Also in 2011, Asus introduced its PadFone line. This was a series of Android phones that could dock in the back of a tablet shell and power that sort of form factor. Asus released a few iterations of this, but it hasn't launched a new model since 2014. • The UK software maker Canonical has repeatedly tried, with little success, to position its Ubuntu OS as a platform that works across devices. In 2013, it raised millions on Indiegogo for an Ubuntu Edge phone that would run Ubuntu when plugged into a desktop, but the company couldn't get the astronomical $32 million it asked for, and it scrapped the project. It later launched a tablet that tried something similar, but it never caught on. The company is now looking more at the internet of things. • Microsoft has taken the biggest stab at this idea with its Continuum feature for Windows 10, designed to scale the OS down to phone sizes. If you plug a phone like HP's Elite x3 into a dock, it's meant to become a full Windows PC. There are still some features missing, though, and Windows phones have long lacked app-developer support. That has made Continuum a niche feature, at best, for Windows loyalists. • Jide's Remix OS has transformed Android into a desktop-friendly design, but it's still at the mercy of Google's software updates. It's also more known among enthusiasts than anything else. • Various crowdfunded projects have pitched the idea of a dock into which you could plug an Android phone and translate its software to a big screen. The Superbook, for instance, is a laptop "shell" that raised nearly $3 million on Kickstarter last year. Sentio, the company behind it, missed its original shipping date but on Wednesday said it planned to start shipping the device in June for $139. Familiar concerns While each of these projects has had its issues, the underlying problem is that the software just wasn't cooked enough to be a full PC. The DeX will work with the most popular devices to take on this idea, but right now, it's likely to have the same hang-up: Android isn't quite there yet for bigger screens. You can run multiple apps at once, but if an app isn't designed for the DeX, it'll be displayed in a phone- or tablet-sized window that isn't resizable. We've seen this issue before with Android apps running on Google's Chromebooks. Business Insider/Antonio Villas-Boas Even then, a lot of Android apps that are ostensibly built for big screens — even Android's Settings menu — resemble blown-up phone apps, with white space aplenty. It's a similar problem as what Samsung just ran into with its Galaxy Tab S3 tablet: Google and Android developers just haven't cared about this use case, so the experience has been sloppy. And Google seems to be favoring Chrome OS as its big-screen platform over Android. Still, there are reasons to think things will get better. The latest Android update, Nougat, made several concessions to larger screens, such as allowing two apps to run side by side, and the upcoming Android O looks like it'll take that further, with things like improved keyboard support. Google is making Android on large screens a focus. But here, you'll have to wait on Samsung to update its software to take advantage of whatever comes next. And while Samsung says it's working to have the DeX support "many more" apps, the fact that the dock is made for a small subset of Galaxy phones is reason to doubt how many other developers will jump onboard. The DeX does have one trick that could get around Android's shortcomings. Samsung says it's working with software companies like Citrix and VMWare to let you run a virtualized (i.e., streamed) version of Windows 10 off the phone. That would give you a more desktop-ready OS, but it's a solution that hasn't run smoothly on past Windows phones. We'll have to test the DeX further to see how well this all works — and how much the Galaxy S8 can handle — but it's best to think of this as an add-on more than the next step for how smartphones collide with the PC. It's something the iPhone cannot do. Still, it looks like Android would need to keep pressing forward for Samsung to accomplish what Microsoft and Motorola have failed to do. SEE ALSO: Motorola just made the best phone you can buy for under $300 NOW WATCH: Apple is turning the next iPhone into a Samsung Galaxy phone Loading video... More: Samsung Samsung Galaxy samsung galaxy s8 Samsung DeX DeX Android Tech PC Convergence Smartphones Mobile facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Samsung's Galaxy S8 resurrects a fantasy tech companies have had for years Samsung's Galaxy S8 resurrects a fantasy tech companies have had for years Samsung announced its next big smartphones, the... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured Foreign policy star Anne-Marie Slaughter: the 2 key lessons that helped me most in my career More "Idea Factory" » Craiglist's founder Craig Newmark on overcoming 'my suckage as a manager' More "Idea Factory" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Libdrm 2.4.76 Released With Vega Support Written by Michael Larabel in Mesa on 29 March 2017 at 02:32 PM EDT. 4 Comments Libdrm 2.4.76 is now available with among the changes being the updates needed for AMDGPU Vega10 support. Marek Olšák announced the release today of libdrm 2.4.76 with the needed Mesa DRM library changes for Vega10, a few Intel updates, and other miscellaneous updates to this library. The list of changes can be found via this mailing list post. With this libdrm update coming so soon after landing the Vega10 patches and the release being tagged by Marek, this is likely a sign he will be soon bumping the libdrm requirement on Mesa Git so he can go ahead and land the ~140 Vega patches for RadeonSI. Rather than waiting for the Vega10 support to hit the mainline AMDGPU Linux kernel code, it's already been communicated they will land the Mesa changes earlier. 4 Comments Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Mesa News Mesa Has Seen Over 90k Commits, Nearly Two Million Lines Of Code sparseBinding Lands For Radeon RADV Vulkan Driver ARB_sparse_buffer Support Updated For RadeonSI Getting Better Radeon Polaris Performance On Ubuntu 17.04 With Mesa 17.1, Linux 4.11 Shader Variants Support For Etnaviv Gallium3D Nouveau TGSI Shader Cache Enabled In Mesa 17.1 Git Popular News OpenSSL Planning To Relicense Its Code Google Is Making It Possible To Run Android Studio On ChromeOS AMD Open-Sources Vulkan "Anvil" Mozilla Proposes "Obsidian" Low-Level Graphics API For The Web, Based On Vulkan Ubuntu 17.04 Final Beta Released 2017: Should Linux Benchmarking Still Be Mostly Done With Ubuntu? Latest Linux News Libdrm 2.4.76 Released With Vega Support GNOME 3.26 Release Schedule Published drm_hwcomposer: Allowing Mainline Linux Graphics Drivers To Work On Android Mesa Has Seen Over 90k Commits, Nearly Two Million Lines Of Code NVIDIA Rolls Out Tegra X2 GPU Support In Nouveau HDMI 3D Support Revised For Nouveau DRM sparseBinding Lands For Radeon RADV Vulkan Driver 2017 X.Org Elections Are Happening Now Keith Packard On Needed DRM Changes For VR HMDs Unreal Tournament 0.1.9 Update Released Latest Featured Articles AMD Ryzen DDR4 Memory Scaling Tests On Linux Intel OpenGL/Vulkan Linux Graphics With Serious Sam 2017 Benchmarks & Trying Out DragonFlyBSD 4.8 GCC Compiler Tests At A Variety Of Optimization Levels Using Clear Linux RADV vs. NVIDIA Vulkan/OpenGL Performance For Serious Sam 2017 Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2017 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
MSPU Windows Phone Windows 10 Surface Xbox Enterprise Tip us Settings Text Input: Windows 10 Windows Phone Surface Xbox Enterprise Settings Tip us Forum Text Input: Cadence talks about its Tensilica processors that drives HoloLens 0 by Pradeep  @pradeepviswav Mar 29, 2017 at 18:08 GMT13 hours ago Microsoft HoloLens is made up of specialized components that together enable holographic computing. In addition to the Intel CPU, the HPU also helps in processing a large amount of data. This custom silicon efficiently processes a large amount of data per second from the sensors. HoloLens understands gestures and where you look, and maps the world all around you, all in real time. The HPU is actually built on processors from a company called Cadence. The HoloLens is powered by 24 Cadence Tensilica processors enabling the device to achieve extremely high performance while still meeting the strict low-power requirements of a battery-powered device. The Tensilica processors boost algorithmic processing power by 200X and can perform 1 trillion operations per second. Cadence offers Tensilica Customizable Processor and DSP IP with which you can build a processor or DSP, optimized for your particular algorithms. Microsoft is making using of it for spatial mapping and other stuff in HoloLens. You can read more about HPU architecture here. Some links in the article may not be viewable as you are using an AdBlocker. Please add us to your whitelist to enable the website to function properly. Thanks vbandi Related Cadence Tensilica hololens HPU microsoft Tensilica processors Tweet Share 0 Read these next Trending Windows 10 Mobile Build 15063.2 comes to Insiders in the Slow Ring by Sean Chan 0 Trending Here are the major features coming to Xbox One with today’s update by Asher Madan 0 Comments Advertisement MSPoweruser Podcast MSPoweruser Podcast 40: The final Creators Update build rolls out to Windows Insiders by Andrew Bennett on March 24, 2017 The Creators Update is just about finished, aside from some cumulative updates. Additionally, the US Army (specifically the GCSS) has ordered almost ten thousand rugged Windows 10 tablets. Y... Subscribe Now Windows 10 More evidence of PC recovery as Compal expects PC and Notebook sales to grow 10% in 2017 by Surur on March 30, 2017 There has been an ongoing rumble of a resurgent PC market as users move to thin, light, and more mobile notebooks and also more powerful PCs for gaming and VR. Now we have more evidence of t... Windows 10 Mobile Build 15063.2 comes to Insiders in the Slow Ring by Sean Chan Last night, Microsoft released Windows 10 Mobile build 15063.2 to Insiders in the Fast Ring. The latest build of Windows 10 Mobile only includes a single bug fix, so it honestly isn’t ... Windows Store survey finds users overall happy with the Store by Surur The Windows Store is not one of the strengths of Windows 10, but according to one developer more users should give it a try, as they may find themselves unexpectedly satisfied. Ben Fox from... Microsoft’s 3D capture app for mobile devices is not coming anytime soon by Pradeep At the Windows 10 Event last year, Microsoft demoed a new camera app that allows users to create 3D content by scanning real-world objects. The created 3D content can be then used in the new... Xbox One officially gets the Windows 10 Creators Update by Sean Chan Microsoft is finally rolling out the Windows 10 Creators Update to Xbox One users all around the world. The company has been testing the update with Xbox Insiders for a little while now, but... Deals Deal: ‘Final Fantasy XV’ on Xbox One for only $32.52 You can now get the ‘Final Fantasy XV’ game for Xbox One for just $32 from Amazon US, $27 off of it’s retail price of $59.99. As the Crown Prince Noctis and his three best... Deal: Pick up ‘Gears of War 4’ Standard Edition for $29.99 Online retailer Amazon is now selling ‘Gears of War 4: Standard Edition’ for Xbox One for only $29.99, discounted from its normal price of $59.99. The title is an Xbox Play Anyw... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core i5 and 256GB storage for $999 Microsoft Store is now offering a discount of $200 for the mid-range Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core i5, 256GB SSD and 8GB RA... Deal: Forza Horizon 3 for Xbox One/Windows 10 now available for just $39.99 You can now get the Forza Horizon 3 game for Xbox One/Windows 10 for just $39.99. Xbox Play Anywhere applies to digital games and allows you to play on both Xbox One and Windows 10 PC at no ... Buy the Walking Dead: Season 7, get free game episodes For a limited tinme, when you buy Season 7 of the Walking Dead TV series from the Microsoft Store, you can nab ‘The Walking Dead:A New Frontier’ game Episodes 1 and 2 for Windows... Deal: Save up to £345 on select Surface Book and Surface Pro 4 devices in the U... Microsoft Store is now offering up to £345 on select Surface Book and Surface Pro 4 devices in the UK. You can get £345 discount on the entry-level Surface Book model. Surface Book Intel C... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core m3 and 128GB storage for $699 Microsoft Store is now offering a discount of $100 for the entry level Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core m3, 128GB SSD and 4GB ... Destruction Derby title ‘FlatOut 4’ now available for download on Xb... Bigben Interactive has finally released the follow up to the Xbox 360’s ‘FlatOut: Ultimate Carnage’, and the first of many destruction racers to arrive on the console. ‘F... Deal: ‘Final Fantasy XV’ on Xbox One for only $34.99 You can now get the ‘Final Fantasy XV’ game for Xbox One for just $34.99 from Amazon US. As the Crown Prince Noctis and his three best friends set out on a journey to wed his fia... Surface Book comes to the Microsoft Store Denmark Danish Microsoft fans now have a chance to purchase Microsoft’s second coolest and most useful PC, the Surface Book, directly from the Microsoft Store. Microsoft Denmark announced on F... Forums About Us Contact Us Tip Us Submit Articles Community Guidelines Privacy Policy © 2017 MSPoweruser - All rights reservedNot associated with Microsoft   Top
null
What If George Bush Spied on Obama in 2008? Rush Limbaugh, The Rush Limbaugh Show March 29, 2017 NBC RUSH: So you know what the media soap opera script for today is? It is get rid of Devin Nunes, the chairman of the House Intel Committee. Now, I know this may get tiresome to some people, and I know that I oftentimes have to caution you that it requires repetition to really indel a point into people’s minds. But I cannot help but play the old game, what if this was Obama in this entire Devin Nunes and Russia and Trump intel story? For instance. Well, okay, let me set the table.  Read Full Article » Related Topics: Obama Comment Show commentsHide Comments RCP Log In | Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Related Articles ©2017 RealClearPolitics | Go to full site
Top News Opinion Entertainment Taiwan Living Learn English E-Newsletter App International Edition Thursday March 30, 2017 About Us Subscribe Advertise Contact Us China Shanghai Macau Hong Kong Beijing Local News National News Business CEO Talks Unigroup gets funds to boost chip drive ANN@The China Post  Thursday, March 30, 2017, 12:02 am TWN SHARE CLOSE Blogger   Google+ Live Journal   Plurk Stumble Upon     Tweet A- A+ 中文 Beijing-based chip company Tsinghua Unigroup Ltd signed deals on Tuesday that would grant it up to 150 billion yuan ($21.8 billion) in financing, enabling it to champion the country's efforts to develop homegrown chips. The deals are expected to give the State-owned technology group enough cash to fulfill its grand ambitions in the semiconductor sector, as it makes haste to join the ranks of global giants such as Intel Corp, Qualcomm Inc and Samsung Electronics Co. China Development Bank agreed to provide financing of up to 100 billion yuan from 2016 to 2020, Tsinghua Unigroup said on its official website. China's Integrated Circuit Industry Investment Fund will invest up to 50 billion yuan in the company to help it grow its presence in the market, which creates key parts for smartphones, PCs, servers and other electronic products. The company said it will use the new capital to upgrade its research and development, and to scale up its operations. Tsinghua Unigroup, an affiliate of China's prestigious Tsinghua University, has been aggressively growing its semiconductor empire through partnerships and acquisitions. It became China's largest mobile chipmaker, after it bought Spreadtrum Communications and RDA Microelectronics Inc three years ago. The company is now working on a $30 billion domestic memory-chip production complex in Nanjing, Jiangsu province that will become China's largest when completed. The intensified efforts to boost its chip-related resources come as China seeks to reduce its reliance on imported technology, amid concerns related to national security. Roger Sheng, a senior analyst at research firm Gartner Inc, said after an investment and shopping spree in the past three years, Tsinghua Unigroup is now focusing on integrating its newly acquired resources. "The promised capital support is in line with the amount of money Tsinghua Unigroup needs to carry on its announced plans. Due to the government's strong support, both public and private capital is flooding into the integrated circuit sector," he added. PREVIOUS ARTICLE American Airlines buys stake in China Southern for $200m NEXT ARTICLE UPS adds six new stations to key Euro-China container transport Facebook Twitter Google+ Write a Comment Terms Enter your comments - 3000 characters max Type in image code  Receive our promos  Respond to this email Submit MOST POPULAR OF THIS SECTION 1 Now that the US is out, Beijing authorities may be interested in attending TPP talks 2 China slams Dalai Lama's appearance with comic John Oliver 3 China proposes N. Korea suspend nukes in exchange for halt in US-S. Korea drills 4 China trims 2017 growth target, warns against trade controls 5 China, US vow to cooperate to solve N. Korea nuke crisis 6 China's trading partners alarmed by inspections plan for food imports 7 Footage released of Chinese military drill near Okinawa 8 Keeping pace with dazzling rate of change 9 Saudi Arabia looks beyond oil for future opportunities 10 Home market is back on terra firma Subscribe  |   Advertise  |   RSS Feed  |   About Us  |   Career  |   Contact Us Sitemap  |   Top Stories  |   Taiwan  |   China  |   Business  |   Asia  |   World  |   Sports  |   Life  |   Arts & Leisure  |   Health  |   Editorial  |   Commentary Travel  |   Movies  |   TV Listings  |   Classifieds  |   Bookstore  |   Getting Around  |   Weather  |   Guide Post  |   Student Post  |   Terms of Use  |   Sitemap   Copyright © 1999 – 2017 The China Post. Breaking news from Taiwan, China and the world. News X Top Stories Taiwan China Business Asia World Sports Life Health Opinion X Editorial Commentary Entertainment X Movies & TV Arts & Leisure Discover Taiwan Travel Taiwain Living X Dream Catcher Eye On Taiwan Consumer Highlights TV Listings Classifieds Bookstore Supplement Chinese Fables Getting Around Weather Learn English X Guide Post Bilingual News Student Post
Like Towleroad Daily Resist POLITICS Travel Music Theatre Film TV Sports Nature Business Men Marriage Equality Space Trans Rights Books Science Gay Iconography TowleREAD BREAKING: Reporter April Ryan on Sean Spicer’s Relationship with Press: ‘The Friendly Piece is Gone Now’ – WATCH Seth Meyers Tries to Make Sense of Devin Nunes’s Behavior: Investigating Trump or Working with Him? PreviousPrevious StorySenate Intel Committee in Talks to Interview M16 Agent Christopher Steele, Who Authored Dossier on Trump NextNext StoryWatch LIVE: White House Press Briefing with Sean Spicer by Andy Towle March 29, 2017 | 12:06pm Share45 Comments Seth Meyers looked at the new twists in the investigation into links between the Trump campaign and Russia, mostly the “loopy” behavior of House Intel Committee Chair Devin Nunes, who “looks like every guy you don’t remember meeting.” “At this point it would just be easier to talk about people at the White House who didn’t meet with shady Russians,” Meyers added. The Late Night host mocked Trump’s breathless reaction to Nunes’s press conference about “new information” that had just been discovered about surveillance by comparing it to a similar speech given by The Dude in The Big Lebowski. Said Meyers: “The Dude and Trump have a lot in common. They both have bathrobes, both obsessed with their rugs, and they both love White Russians.” But was Nunes just trying to give Trump cover for the wiretapping claims? It got weirder when a report emerged that on the night before Nunes’s press conference, Nunes had exited a car he was riding with a staffer, got in an Uber ride, and disappeared into the night after reading a mysterious message. Said Meyers: “What? He got out of his car in the middle of the night and disappeared? This whole thing is starting to turn into an episode of Dateline.” Watch: PreviousPrevious StorySenate Intel Committee in Talks to Interview M16 Agent Christopher Steele, Who Authored Dossier on Trump NextNext StoryWatch LIVE: White House Press Briefing with Sean Spicer Share45 Like45 Comments Posted March 29, 2017 at 12:06pm ETC by Andy Towle in Daily Resist, Devin Nunes, Donald Trump, POLITICS, Russia, Seth Meyers Follow Us Like Towleroad Towleroad Video Gay Adult Film Actor Markie More Vows to Donate $250 from Each Scene to Gay-Straight Alliance Network Share118 Like118 Senate Intelligence Committee to Question 20 People in Trump-Russia Investigation, Starting Thursday: WATCH Share43 Like43 Valerian, Billy Eichner, Harry Styles, Mark Latham, Darlene Cates, Aaron Schock, Bill Baroni: HOT LINKS Share9 Like9 Seth Meyers Tries to Make Sense of Devin Nunes’s Behavior: Investigating Trump or Working with Him? Share45 Like45 Reporter April Ryan on Sean Spicer’s Relationship with Press: ‘The Friendly Piece is Gone Now’ – WATCH Share86 Like86 Rep. Maxine Waters Smacks Down Bill O’Reilly: ‘I am a Strong Black Woman and I Cannot Be Intimidated’ – WATCH Share375 Like375 Hunk of the Day 26-Year-Old Porter Harry Neale Flexes His Talent for British Stage Competition ‘Let It Shine’ – WATCH Share79 Like79 Columns TowleREAD Martin Duberman’s ‘Jews Queers Germans’ Probes the Gay Underground of Pre-Nazi Germany Theatre Review ‘Miss Saigon’ Is Back on Broadway, Older But None the Wiser: REVIEW Recap The Post-‘Baby Jane’ Bump On ‘Feud: Bette and Joan’ – RECAP Theatre Review Jake Gyllenhaal and Glenn Close are Slaying Broadway — and Resurrecting This Double Standard Film Review Disney’s New/Old ‘Beauty and the Beast’: REVIEW Theatre Review Sally Field Is Starring in ‘The Glass Menagerie’ on Broadway — and You’ll Really Like Her: REVIEW Theatre Review The ‘70s Gay Bar of Your Dreams Is Alive in ‘The View UpStairs’ Off-Broadway: REVIEW New Music NEW MUSIC: Ed Sheeran, Bleached, Leonard Cohen, GANGLY Recap Two Icons Clash In ‘Feud: Bette and Joan’ [RECAP] Film Review Hugh Jackman’s Wolverine Swan Song, ‘Logan’ Has Its Aging Claws Out: REVIEW Latest Posts Gay Adult Film Actor Markie More Vows to Donate $250 from Each Scene to Gay-Straight Alliance Network8 hours ago Devin Nunes Claims Democrats ‘Aren’t Really Serious’ About the Trump-Russia Investigation8 hours ago Senate Intelligence Committee to Question 20 People in Trump-Russia Investigation, Starting Thursday: WATCH9 hours ago Ivanka Trump to Become Official Federal Employee, Unpaid ‘Assistant to the President’9 hours ago Valerian, Billy Eichner, Harry Styles, Mark Latham, Darlene Cates, Aaron Schock, Bill Baroni: HOT LINKS12 hours ago Jack Falahee: It’s ‘Good Fun’ Being a ‘Sex Symbol’ and ‘Rewarding’ Playing a Gay Man13 hours ago Watch LIVE: White House Press Briefing with Sean Spicer14 hours ago Senate Intel Committee in Talks to Interview M16 Agent Christopher Steele, Who Authored Dossier on Trump15 hours ago Reporter April Ryan on Sean Spicer’s Relationship with Press: ‘The Friendly Piece is Gone Now’ – WATCH15 hours ago ‘Thrilled to Be Out of the Woods,’ Hillary Clinton Urges Trump Pushback: ‘Resist, Insist, Persist, Enlist’16 hours ago White House Proposes Massive Cuts to PEPFAR, AIDS Research and Prevention in U.S.17 hours ago Man Arrested Heading to L.A. Pride with Explosives and Assault Rifle Pleads Not Guilty to Weapons Charges17 hours ago Trump Signs Executive Order Giving Federal Contractors License to Discriminate Against LGBT Workers18 hours ago Trump Administration Erases LGBT People from Key 2020 Census Survey18 hours ago Rep. Maxine Waters Smacks Down Bill O’Reilly: ‘I am a Strong Black Woman and I Cannot Be Intimidated’ – WATCH18 hours ago Lorde Performs Hilarious Cover of ‘Green Light’ About ‘Creme Eggs’ – WATCH19 hours ago The NCAA Just Gave North Carolina a 48-Hour Deadline to ‘Resolve’ HB2 or They’re Out Until 20221 day ago Rep. Eric Swalwell: Devin Nunes’s Behavior Looks Like a ‘Cover-Up to a Crime’ — WATCH1 day ago Daniel Radcliffe, Spinach Heart, Paul Walker, Energy Independence, RuPaul’s Drag Race: HOT LINKS2 days ago WH Press Secretary Sean Spicer Holds Briefing Amid Trump-Russia, Healthcare, and Gorsuch Chaos: WATCH LIVE2 days ago You Might Also Like POLITICS Devin Nunes Claims Democrats ‘Aren’t Really Serious’ About the Trump-Russia Investigation POLITICS Senate Intelligence Committee to Question 20 People in Trump-Russia Investigation, Starting Thursday: WATCH POLITICS Ivanka Trump to Become Official Federal Employee, Unpaid ‘Assistant to the President’ POLITICS Valerian, Billy Eichner, Harry Styles, Mark Latham, Darlene Cates, Aaron Schock, Bill Baroni: HOT LINKS POLITICS Watch LIVE: White House Press Briefing with Sean Spicer POLITICS Seth Meyers Tries to Make Sense of Devin Nunes’s Behavior: Investigating Trump or Working with Him? Latest Posts Gay Adult Film Actor Markie More Vows to Donate $250 from Each Scene to Gay-Straight Alliance Network Markie More, a gay adult film actor who works with Next Door Studios who recently announced his retirement, made a couple of announcement at The Phoenix Forum trade show over the weekend. pic.twitter.com/jdsY8jiW7L — Paadzer (@paadzer) March 16… Read Devin Nunes Claims Democrats ‘Aren’t Really Serious’ About the Trump-Russia Investigation Ethically compromised House Intel Committee Chairman Devin Nunes made the astonishing statement on Wednesday that Democrats aren’t serious about the investigation into the Trump campaign’s links to Russian meddling in the election. Politi… Read Senate Intelligence Committee to Question 20 People in Trump-Russia Investigation, Starting Thursday: WATCH While the House Intelligence Committee investigation into the Trump campaign’s links to Russia are in chaos due to the subterfuge of its leader Rep. Devin Nunes, the Senate Intelligence Committee is moving right along and will question 20 peopl… Read Ivanka Trump to Become Official Federal Employee, Unpaid ‘Assistant to the President’ Ivanka Trump is getting an official government position to go along with her West Wing office in the White House, the NYT reports: “I have heard the concerns some have with my advising the president in my personal capacity while voluntarily complying… Read Valerian, Billy Eichner, Harry Styles, Mark Latham, Darlene Cates, Aaron Schock, Bill Baroni: HOT LINKS THAW. Donald Trump says hi to Chuck Schumer: “It was the first six words exchanged between the president and Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer in more than two months.” SWITCH. Trump traded his unsecured Android for an iPhone. BRIDGEGA… Read Jack Falahee: It’s ‘Good Fun’ Being a ‘Sex Symbol’ and ‘Rewarding’ Playing a Gay Man Jack Falahee, who plays Connor Walsh on the hit ABC drama television series How to Get Away with Murder, offered up some reflections as the show wrapped up its third season and after he posed for some chest-baring shots for Fault magazine in its most… Read Watch LIVE: White House Press Briefing with Sean Spicer White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer holds a press briefing amid the Gorsuch confirmation, Trump-Russia investigations, EPA climate destruction, and more chaos.… Read Seth Meyers Tries to Make Sense of Devin Nunes’s Behavior: Investigating Trump or Working with Him? Seth Meyers looked at the new twists in the investigation into links between the Trump campaign and Russia, mostly the “loopy” behavior of House Intel Committee Chair Devin Nunes, who “looks like every guy you don’t remember m… Read Senate Intel Committee in Talks to Interview M16 Agent Christopher Steele, Who Authored Dossier on Trump The Senate Intelligence Committee is in talks to interview former M16 agent Christopher Steele, the author of the “golden showers” dossier on Trump with regard to its investigation into the Trump campaign’s links to Russia, NBC News… Read Reporter April Ryan on Sean Spicer’s Relationship with Press: ‘The Friendly Piece is Gone Now’ – WATCH April Ryan gave an insightful interview to CNN’s New Day about her combative interaction with Press Secretary Sean Spicer yesterday in which Spicer admonished her for shaking her head. Ryan says that in addition to Spicer’s temperament, t… Read Most Commented Hot Reads Neil Gorsuch is Trump’s Terrible, No Good Nominee for the Supreme Court: An Analysis 2017 Resolutions All Gay Men Should Consider Comedian Eric Andre: The Gay Interview Straight Journalist Cruises Grindr at the Olympics, Outs Athletes From Anti-Gay Countries There Was a ‘Gays for Trump’ Party at the RNC and It Was Absolutely Insane – VIDEOS, PHOTOS Frank Ocean Pens Emotional Response to Orlando Shooting Noah Galvin From ‘The Real O’Neals’ On Sitcoms, Subversiveness, and Dan Savage: INTERVIEW Michelle Visage Spills The T On ‘Drag Race,’ ‘Big Brother’ and the Election — INTERVIEW Pietro Boselli’s Hard, Wet Ride in a Speedo – LOOK Today's News Jump To Day: Choose Gay Adult Film Actor Markie More Vows to Donate $250 from Each Scene to Gay-Straight Alliance Network Devin Nunes Claims Democrats ‘Aren’t Really Serious’ About the Trump-Russia Investigation Senate Intelligence Committee to Question 20 People in Trump-Russia Investigation, Starting Thursday: WATCH Ivanka Trump to Become Official Federal Employee, Unpaid ‘Assistant to the President’ Valerian, Billy Eichner, Harry Styles, Mark Latham, Darlene Cates, Aaron Schock, Bill Baroni: HOT LINKS Jack Falahee: It’s ‘Good Fun’ Being a ‘Sex Symbol’ and ‘Rewarding’ Playing a Gay Man Watch LIVE: White House Press Briefing with Sean Spicer Seth Meyers Tries to Make Sense of Devin Nunes’s Behavior: Investigating Trump or Working with Him? Senate Intel Committee in Talks to Interview M16 Agent Christopher Steele, Who Authored Dossier on Trump Reporter April Ryan on Sean Spicer’s Relationship with Press: ‘The Friendly Piece is Gone Now’ – WATCH ‘Thrilled to Be Out of the Woods,’ Hillary Clinton Urges Trump Pushback: ‘Resist, Insist, Persist, Enlist’ White House Proposes Massive Cuts to PEPFAR, AIDS Research and Prevention in U.S. Man Arrested Heading to L.A. Pride with Explosives and Assault Rifle Pleads Not Guilty to Weapons Charges Trump Signs Executive Order Giving Federal Contractors License to Discriminate Against LGBT Workers Trump Administration Erases LGBT People from Key 2020 Census Survey Rep. Maxine Waters Smacks Down Bill O’Reilly: ‘I am a Strong Black Woman and I Cannot Be Intimidated’ – WATCH Lorde Performs Hilarious Cover of ‘Green Light’ About ‘Creme Eggs’ – WATCH Share This Share3.3k Like3.3k Read Politics Travel Film Theatre Television Science Law – LGBT Rights Columns Specials About Advertise Contact Us About Towleroad Contributors Towleroad on Social Media Privacy Policy Follow Us © 2014 Towleroad. All Rights Reserved.
  Guru3D.com Forums > General Chat > Frontpage news Intel Shows 28-core processor die-shot User Name Remember Me? Password Frontpage news Perhaps you have some news to report or want to check out the latest Guru3D headlines and comment ? Check it in here. Search Forums Show Threads   Show Posts Advanced Search Tag Search Go to Page... Page 1 of 2 1 2 >   Thread Tools Display Modes Intel Shows 28-core processor die-shot   (#1) Hilbert Hagedoorn Don Vito Corleone     Videocard: AMD | NVIDIA Processor: Core i7 5960K Mainboard: X99 Memory: 16GB Soundcard: X-Fi - GigaWorks 7.1 PSU: 1200 Watt Intel Shows 28-core processor die-shot - Yesterday, 09:43 | posts: 28,058 | Location: Guru3D testlab During itsÂ*Technology and Manufacturing Day Intel has shared a slide of a server-processor with 28 cores. The die-shot as such must be theÂ*Skylake-SP series of products in the Xeon Platinum range.... Intel Shows 28-core processor die-shot     Hilbert Hagedoorn View Public Profile Find all posts by Hilbert Hagedoorn     (#2) Silva Member Guru     Videocard: Asus R9 270X Processor: Intel i5 2500K Mainboard: Asus P8Z68 V-Pro Memory: G-Skill Sniper 4x4096Mb Soundcard: Logitech Z5500 PSU: Nox Urano VX 650W Yesterday, 11:09 | posts: 86 | Location: Portugal A new socket, why? Just because. Not buying another Intel product until they stop being silly.     Silva View Public Profile Find all posts by Silva   (#3) b101uk Master Guru   Videocard: Gigabyte GTX780 Processor: Intel I7 980 Mainboard: Gigabyte EX58-UD4 Memory: 24Gb of Corsair DDR3 Soundcard: Soundblaster Z PSU: Corsair AX750 Yesterday, 11:51 | posts: 195 | Location: UK Quote: Originally Posted by Silva A new socket, why? Just because. Not buying another Intel product until they stop being silly. one would assume there must be a general trend at some point given the amount of cores that you will need new socket, so the socket itself is not holding back the CPU. that's assuming you don't utilise head up arse thinking.     b101uk View Public Profile Find all posts by b101uk   (#4) pato Member Guru   Videocard: EVGA Geforce GTX-970 Processor: Intel Core i5 Mainboard: Gigabyte z87x-d3h Memory: Corsair 2x 4GB DDR3 Soundcard: Onboard -> Onkyo TX-SR608 PSU: BeQuiet 850W Yesterday, 12:17 | posts: 132 | Location: Switzerland On the other hand, this are server products. I don't know many companies who upgrade their CPUs in servers. They rather buy a new server with more current technology and fresh warranty.     pato View Public Profile Find all posts by pato     (#5) Loophole35 Ancient Guru   Videocard: 1070 SC Processor: 2600k@4.8 w/ NH-D15S Mainboard: P8Z77-V Memory: G-Skills ddr3 16GB@1866 Soundcard: SoundBlaster Z PSU: TX850 Yesterday, 12:31 | posts: 7,640 | Location: FLA,USA Quote: Originally Posted by Silva A new socket, why? Just because. Not buying another Intel product until they stop being silly. So you were hoping to pop one of these in your Z68? I really don't understand the big knock on a new socket every other CPU generation. I've had my 2600k for 5-6 years now. When I upgrade I want all the latest tech. My Z77 does not provide that. I will have to buy a new motherboard, what does it matter at that point if it is lga 1150, 1151, 1155, 2011 or what ever else?     Loophole35 View Public Profile Find all posts by Loophole35   (#6) wavetrex Member Guru     Videocard: Zotac GTX1080 AMP! Processor: i7 6800K Bw-E Mainboard: GA-X99-Ultra Gaming Memory: 64GB HyperX Predator Soundcard: Asus Xonar DX PSU: SuperFlower Gold 800W Yesterday, 13:20 | posts: 61 | Location: Nederlanden The only real reasons for new CPU socket is new memory tech and width (channnels) So, basically, we should have had one socket per DDR type (on the same number of channels). Of course, more channels ( like the HEDT plaform ) - another socket. But 1156, 1155, 1151, 1150... yea, that is completely silly. Yay for monopoly \o/     wavetrex View Public Profile Find all posts by wavetrex   (#7) genie Newbie   Videocard: AMD Fury Nano x2 Processor: Ryzen 1700 Mainboard: Memory: Soundcard: PSU: 650W Yesterday, 13:32 | posts: 1 Quote: Originally Posted by Loophole35 So you were hoping to pop one of these in your Z68? I really don't understand the big knock on a new socket every other CPU generation. I've had my 2600k for 5-6 years now. When I upgrade I want all the latest tech. My Z77 does not provide that. I will have to buy a new motherboard, what does it matter at that point if it is lga 1150, 1151, 1155, 2011 or what ever else? If you were happy with the 2600k, why should you need to upgrade your processor to benefit from other peripheral upgrades like M.2 slots and the like. Sure, you'd need to buy a new motherboard, but Intel's frequent socket changes is what ties the chipset upgrade with a CPU upgrade, a tie that doesn't need to exist. The last umpteen Intel processor updates have maintained the same DMI chipset connection, yet Intel's frequent socket swapping effectively forces CPU upgrades when all you might want is a upgrade to USB 3 or M.2. Sure, Skylake brought DDR4, that likely warrants a socket upgrade. Yet compare LGA1155 and LGA1150, and there is very little change in supported technologies. Ivy Bridge supported DDR3, PCI-E 3.0, so did Haswell. But if you wanted things like M.2 which started coming in with the Z97 chipset, you needed Haswell, even though m.2 functionality is independent on the processor as they both support the same chipset connection. Reality is, Intel most likely could have made the Z97 chipset support LGA1151, allowing you to keep your 2600k and still take advantage of newer technologies like M.2 and more USB3 ports. But doing that wouldn't force people to buy a new processor, so less money for Intel.     genie View Public Profile Find all posts by genie   (#8) holystarlight Master Guru     Videocard: Asus 1080 Strix SLI Processor: Intel 6950x 4.5ghz Mainboard: Asus Rampage V Extreme 10 Memory: G.Skill 32gb 3200mhz Soundcard: Chord Dave DAC / WA22 PSU: Corsair AX1500i Yesterday, 13:38 | posts: 668 | Location: England man, all these socket changes, cant they just make a oversized socket and utilize the pins that are needed, and extra pins can be used at later date when they change the architecture. Like they must have insight knowledge of new memory bandwidth/tech and all that stuff waaaay before they even think about making a CPU. Hate having to buy a whole new system each time a high end CPU is released, grated the x99 as lasted for ages now.     holystarlight View Public Profile Find all posts by holystarlight   (#9) eclap Ancient Guru     Videocard: Palit GR 1080 2000/11000 Processor: i7 7700k @5ghz NH-D15 Mainboard: Asus ROG Maximux IX Hero Memory: 16GB Vengeance 3200mhz Soundcard: AuneT1/AD700/DT880/HD650 PSU: XFX Black 750W 80+ Gold Yesterday, 13:38 | posts: 31,473 | Location: Hampshire, UK Quote: Originally Posted by genie If you were happy with the 2600k, why should you need to upgrade your processor to benefit from other peripheral upgrades like M.2 slots and the like. Sure, you'd need to buy a new motherboard, but Intel's frequent socket changes is what ties the chipset upgrade with a CPU upgrade, a tie that doesn't need to exist. The last umpteen Intel processor updates have maintained the same DMI chipset connection, yet Intel's frequent socket swapping effectively forces CPU upgrades when all you might want is a upgrade to USB 3 or M.2. Sure, Skylake brought DDR4, that likely warrants a socket upgrade. Yet compare LGA1155 and LGA1150, and there is very little change in supported technologies. Ivy Bridge supported DDR3, PCI-E 3.0, so did Haswell. But if you wanted things like M.2 which started coming in with the Z97 chipset, you needed Haswell, even though m.2 functionality is independent on the processor as they both support the same chipset connection. Reality is, Intel most likely could have made the Z97 chipset support LGA1151, allowing you to keep your 2600k and still take advantage of newer technologies like M.2 and more USB3 ports. But doing that wouldn't force people to buy a new processor, so less money for Intel. Not for you then. Time to move on.     eclap View Public Profile Find all posts by eclap   (#10) schmidtbag Maha Guru     Videocard: HIS R9 290 Processor: AMD FX-6300 @ 4.5GHz Mainboard: GA-890FXA-UD5 Rev 2.0 Memory: 8GB DDR3 Soundcard: Realtek ALC889 PSU: Apevia 700W Yesterday, 14:57 | posts: 1,400 | Location: MA, USA I'm finding it hilarious how people are whining about a new socket for a series of CPUs that they likely will never be able to afford for themselves. These aren't consumer-level products... Keep in mind, AMD is also doing a new socket for their stupidly large server CPUs too.     schmidtbag View Public Profile Find all posts by schmidtbag   (#11) Matt26LFC Ancient Guru     Videocard: MSI GTX1070 EKWB Processor: Golden 4770K 4.7GHz 1.19v Mainboard: Z97X SOC Force Memory: TridentX 2400MHz C9 Soundcard: ALC1150 / HD449s PSU: 850W V Series Yesterday, 15:06 | posts: 2,992 | Location: UK Quote: Originally Posted by schmidtbag I'm finding it hilarious how people are whining about a new socket for a series of CPUs that they likely will never be able to afford for themselves. These aren't consumer-level products... Keep in mind, AMD is also doing a new socket for their stupidly large server CPUs too. I find it funny too lol I mean these are enterprise grade sever parts not something anyone here is buying for there little desktop computer at home lol I see no problem with a new socket for consumer grade processors every other gen either tbh     Matt26LFC View Public Profile Find all posts by Matt26LFC   (#12) warlord Master Guru     Videocard: R9 390X MSI(1080/1500) Processor: AMD X4 860K OC (@4.2ghz) Mainboard: Asus Crossblade Ranger Memory: 16gb ddr3 2133@11-11-11 Soundcard: Z5500 + ALC1150 PSU: 850W SuperNova P2 Yesterday, 15:07 | posts: 611 Only working idiots or spoiled brats care about Intel nowadays tbh. An idiotic overpriced company. They only want us pay more for less each new generation. Their innovation skills are not equal to their R&D size. But, whatever, move on...     warlord View Public Profile Find all posts by warlord   (#13) Agent-A01 Ancient Guru     Videocard: 980Ti SLI H20 Processor: i7 5930k 4.7GHz H20 Mainboard: ASUS X99-A Memory: G.Skill 4x8GB 3200C12 Soundcard: Xonar Phoebus-PC360/HD598 PSU: EVGA P2-1200W Yesterday, 15:24 | posts: 8,978 | Location: USA Quote: Originally Posted by warlord Only working idiots or spoiled brats care about Intel nowadays tbh. An idiotic overpriced company. They only want us pay more for less each new generation. Their innovation skills are not equal to their R&D size. But, whatever, move on... You have a pretty closed mind. Basically you're saying anyone who has money is an idiot... Well newsflash . Intel is still the best performing. Now whether that's worth the cost to someone that's another story.     Agent-A01 View Public Profile Find all posts by Agent-A01   (#14) schmidtbag Maha Guru     Videocard: HIS R9 290 Processor: AMD FX-6300 @ 4.5GHz Mainboard: GA-890FXA-UD5 Rev 2.0 Memory: 8GB DDR3 Soundcard: Realtek ALC889 PSU: Apevia 700W Yesterday, 15:34 | posts: 1,400 | Location: MA, USA Quote: Originally Posted by Matt26LFC I find it funny too lol I mean these are enterprise grade sever parts not something anyone here is buying for there little desktop computer at home lol I see no problem with a new socket for consumer grade processors every other gen either tbh I've stated in the past how the Guru3D reader-base doesn't understand enterprise-grade hardware and that articles like this should probably be avoided for that very reason (I doubt Intel appreciates the negative publicity), though I've been told off for making such statements. Personally, I do see a problem with new consumer-grade sockets every other gen. If making a new socket is a necessity then by all means go for it. But I have a very hard time believing Intel needed a new socket for the CPUs that fit in 1155, 2011, and 1150. As for 1151, I'll give that a pass, since that was transitioning to DDR4. Meanwhile, look at what AMD accomplished - if you have an AM3 (non-plus) CPU, that can fit in AM2+, AM3, AM3+, and some some cases, AM2 boards. These are not pin-identical, and, this goes from DDR2 to DDR3. Based on release dates of the sockets themselves, that's a range of roughly 5 years. If you take into account when AM3+ was superseded by AM4, that would be 11 years. That's impressive. Sure, AM3 CPUs were a slower than their Intel counterparts, but not by a wide margin. In another perspective, AMD also had at least 2 completely different architectures compatible with socket AM3+. Intel has the funding to make a socket last, but, it wouldn't surprise me if they have a deal with motherboard manufacturers where they're expected to break compatibility in order to increase sales. If Intel went AMD's route, motherboard manufacturers would likely lose tens of millions of dollars every year. Think of it in this way: motherboard manufacturers maybe give Intel a small bribe for making a new socket, allowing them to make an entire set of sales when Intel releases a new CPU. As for Intel - they don't care. They have their own fabrication facilities so it's not like they have to pay a 3rd party a hefty price for changing designs. They're going to make sales whether they change the socket or not, so the little bribe they get from the motherboard manufacturers likely pay for the expense of changing things up. In the end, it's a win-win for both companies. The consumer never knows the secrets behind these designs, so they'll never know if the change in socket was ever a necessity. Last edited by schmidtbag; Yesterday at 15:42.     schmidtbag View Public Profile Find all posts by schmidtbag   (#15) Loophole35 Ancient Guru   Videocard: 1070 SC Processor: 2600k@4.8 w/ NH-D15S Mainboard: P8Z77-V Memory: G-Skills ddr3 16GB@1866 Soundcard: SoundBlaster Z PSU: TX850 Yesterday, 15:43 | posts: 7,640 | Location: FLA,USA Quote: Originally Posted by genie If you were happy with the 2600k, why should you need to upgrade your processor to benefit from other peripheral upgrades like M.2 slots and the like. Sure, you'd need to buy a new motherboard, but Intel's frequent socket changes is what ties the chipset upgrade with a CPU upgrade, a tie that doesn't need to exist. The last umpteen Intel processor updates have maintained the same DMI chipset connection, yet Intel's frequent socket swapping effectively forces CPU upgrades when all you might want is a upgrade to USB 3 or M.2. Sure, Skylake brought DDR4, that likely warrants a socket upgrade. Yet compare LGA1155 and LGA1150, and there is very little change in supported technologies. Ivy Bridge supported DDR3, PCI-E 3.0, so did Haswell. But if you wanted things like M.2 which started coming in with the Z97 chipset, you needed Haswell, even though m.2 functionality is independent on the processor as they both support the same chipset connection. Reality is, Intel most likely could have made the Z97 chipset support LGA1151, allowing you to keep your 2600k and still take advantage of newer technologies like M.2 and more USB3 ports. But doing that wouldn't force people to buy a new processor, so less money for Intel. Quote: Originally Posted by schmidtbag I've stated in the past how the Guru3D reader-base doesn't understand enterprise-grade hardware and that articles like this should probably be avoided for that very reason (I doubt Intel appreciates the negative publicity), though I've been told off for making such statements. Personally, I do see a problem with new consumer-grade sockets every other gen. If making a new socket is a necessity then by all means go for it. But I have a very hard time believing Intel needed a new socket for the CPUs that fit in 1155, 2011, and 1150. As for 1151, I'll give that a pass, since that was transitioning to DDR4. Meanwhile, look at what AMD accomplished - if you have an AM3 (non-plus) CPU, that can fit in AM2+, AM3, AM3+, and some some cases, AM2 boards. These are not pin-identical, and, this goes from DDR2 to DDR3. Based on release dates of the sockets themselves, that's a range of roughly 5 years. If you take into account when AM3+ was superseded by AM4, that would be 11 years. That's impressive. Sure, AM3 CPUs were a slower than their Intel counterparts, but not by a wide margin. In another perspective, AMD also had at least 2 completely different architectures compatible with socket AM3+. Intel has the funding to make a socket last, but, it wouldn't surprise me if they have a deal with motherboard manufacturers where they're expected to break compatibility in order to increase sales. If Intel went AMD's route, motherboard manufacturers would likely lose tens of millions of dollars every year. Think of it in this way: motherboard manufacturers maybe give Intel a small bribe for making a new socket, allowing them to make an entire set of sales when Intel releases a new CPU. As for Intel - they don't care. They have their own fabrication facilities so it's not like they have to pay a 3rd party a hefty price for changing designs. They're going to make sales whether they change the socket or not, so the little bribe they get from the motherboard manufacturers likely pay for the expense of changing things up. In the end, it's a win-win for both companies. The consumer never knows the secrets behind these designs, so they'll never know if the change in socket was ever a necessity. So witch is it? Intel making the killing or the MB manufacturers. You two contradict each other.     Loophole35 View Public Profile Find all posts by Loophole35   (#16) schmidtbag Maha Guru     Videocard: HIS R9 290 Processor: AMD FX-6300 @ 4.5GHz Mainboard: GA-890FXA-UD5 Rev 2.0 Memory: 8GB DDR3 Soundcard: Realtek ALC889 PSU: Apevia 700W Yesterday, 15:50 | posts: 1,400 | Location: MA, USA Quote: Originally Posted by Loophole35 So witch is it? Intel making the killing or the MB manufacturers. You two contradict each other. There is no contradiction - like I said in my post, both Intel and the mobo companies will return a profit. Both of them have to spend a little extra in design changes, but that's worth it if it ensures both sides make sales. Without changing the socket, only Intel will profit. If Intel kept the same socket for most of their consumer-level DDR3 CPUs, mobo manufacturers would be at a massive loss, because nobody would need to buy a new board when upgrading the CPU. Since Intel isn't really in a position to anger mobo companies, they likely made a deal to change things up once in a while.     schmidtbag View Public Profile Find all posts by schmidtbag   (#17) RedSquirrel Newbie   Videocard: Intel Iris 6100 Processor: Intel i5 5157u Mainboard: Memory: Soundcard: PSU: Battery Yesterday, 15:51 | posts: 13 All those pins are likely for the 6 channel memory, system buses (PCI-E and more) and copious amounts of grounds/power Connecting billions upon billions of transistors to the outside world simply needs a lot of connects. Desktop wise they've been messing about for years anyhow, probably because AMD bulldozer was so utterly crap, though even Optane is utterly worthless for self builders currently unless you want to indulge Intel's shonky attempt to market an incomplete product to a non-existant market (people using the latest platform and CPU but not using an SSD...????!). Anyhow, I imagine most people changing their sockets right now are going from an Intel LGA to an AMD PGA     RedSquirrel View Public Profile Find all posts by RedSquirrel   (#18) Loophole35 Ancient Guru   Videocard: 1070 SC Processor: 2600k@4.8 w/ NH-D15S Mainboard: P8Z77-V Memory: G-Skills ddr3 16GB@1866 Soundcard: SoundBlaster Z PSU: TX850 Yesterday, 16:21 | posts: 7,640 | Location: FLA,USA Quote: Originally Posted by schmidtbag There is no contradiction - like I said in my post, both Intel and the mobo companies will return a profit. Both of them have to spend a little extra in design changes, but that's worth it if it ensures both sides make sales. Without changing the socket, only Intel will profit. If Intel kept the same socket for most of their consumer-level DDR3 CPUs, mobo manufacturers would be at a massive loss, because nobody would need to buy a new board when upgrading the CPU. Since Intel isn't really in a position to anger mobo companies, they likely made a deal to change things up once in a while. There has to be more to the socket change than you are making it out to be. You used AM2/AM2+/AM3/AM3+ as an example. I would like to point out that those sockets held back AMD. It did not allow for the PCIe controller to be moved to the CPU die held back available memory bandwidth on the FX processors over all it hindered AMD from moving forward because they kept having to look back. And as new tech comes out people would upgrade there motherboards more and keep their CPU in your fantasy world. Again MB manufactures do not gain anything from socket changes. And again most people will want to upgrade their CPU with the latest available to match with their new motherboard so not only do they get all the latest tech from PCI-e, specs to USB upgrades, M2, Thunderbolt (may you rest in peace(no seriously don't come back)) updates in LAN and on-board WiFi/Bluetooth. They will also want the latest instruction sets that come with updated CPU architectures as well as the bump in IPC. TL;DR If you are that pissed about socket changes you probably don't like Intel to begin with and this is just something you latched onto as your go to argument against the company.     Loophole35 View Public Profile Find all posts by Loophole35   (#19) schmidtbag Maha Guru     Videocard: HIS R9 290 Processor: AMD FX-6300 @ 4.5GHz Mainboard: GA-890FXA-UD5 Rev 2.0 Memory: 8GB DDR3 Soundcard: Realtek ALC889 PSU: Apevia 700W Yesterday, 17:11 | posts: 1,400 | Location: MA, USA Quote: Originally Posted by Loophole35 There has to be more to the socket change than you are making it out to be. You used AM2/AM2+/AM3/AM3+ as an example. I would like to point out that those sockets held back AMD. It did not allow for the PCIe controller to be moved to the CPU die held back available memory bandwidth on the FX processors over all it hindered AMD from moving forward because they kept having to look back. "has to be" is as presumptuous as saying "must not be". Some of the CPU architectures (like Ivy Bridge) were supported on multiple sockets. Of the sockets I mentioned, I am not aware of any differences between them that warrant an entirely new backward-incompatible socket. It's one thing to prevent an old CPU being used in a new motherboard (much like what AMD did with AM2 CPUs on AM3 motherboards) but I can't find any valid excuse for what Intel did, other than profit. As for AMD, I do agree that them holding onto the same socket probably hurt them (in terms of performance) more than helped. Bulldozer likely would've been better if they did a fresh new socket. Quote: And as new tech comes out people would upgrade there motherboards more and keep their CPU in your fantasy world. Again MB manufactures do not gain anything from socket changes. MB manufacturers absolutely do gain from socket changes, if it means they make a sale from a new CPU purchase. Think of it in my perspective: I have a socket AM3 motherboard. When I bought it, AM3+ wasn't a thing. When Piledriver came around, it was compatible with my chipset. All I had to do was update my BIOS and I could upgrade my CPU. I made that decision because I didn't need to buy another motherboard. In other words, a MB manufacturer lost out on a sale even though I still got a CPU upgrade. Intel makes a hell of a lot more sales than AMD. If everyone who owned a Sandy Bridge could upgrade to a Haswell without needing to upgrade their mobo, then these companies would lose millions. This is business - their income is more important than a convenience for customers that the customers don't have to know could exist. Quote: And again most people will want to upgrade their CPU with the latest available to match with their new motherboard so not only do they get all the latest tech from PCI-e, specs to USB upgrades, M2, Thunderbolt (may you rest in peace(no seriously don't come back)) updates in LAN and on-board WiFi/Bluetooth. They will also want the latest instruction sets that come with updated CPU architectures as well as the bump in IPC. Most of the new tech you mentioned is totally irrelevant to most people. Using my mobo as example again, it is nearly 7 years old and yet it can still wholly handle a GTX 1080 (where the CPU would be the main bottleneck). There are PCIe converter cards for M.2 cards, and they're not expensive. Thunderbolt, as you have established, was not of anyone's interest. Gigabit LAN has been available to consumers for about a decade and is still pretty much all you'll find; most people don't have routers that support 4 or 10Gbps. Most motherboards don't come with wifi; if you want to upgrade, it's not hard to just buy a compatible replacement card. Most new instruction sets are rarely taken advantage of for most consumer-level applications. Most people aren't willing to spend hundreds of dollars on just the CPU alone for a 5-15% performance bump in IPC. Quote: TL;DR If you are that pissed about socket changes you probably don't like Intel to begin with and this is just something you latched onto as your go to argument against the company. Considering how seldom I upgrade, socket changes are the least of my problems when it comes to Intel. I think you are gravely overestimating how much this bothers me. Last edited by schmidtbag; Yesterday at 17:36.     schmidtbag View Public Profile Find all posts by schmidtbag   (#20) Loophole35 Ancient Guru   Videocard: 1070 SC Processor: 2600k@4.8 w/ NH-D15S Mainboard: P8Z77-V Memory: G-Skills ddr3 16GB@1866 Soundcard: SoundBlaster Z PSU: TX850 Yesterday, 17:39 | posts: 7,640 | Location: FLA,USA You love speaking out of both sides of your mouth don't you. In the process of trying to discredit my POV you proved my point. Thank you.     Loophole35 View Public Profile Find all posts by Loophole35   (#21) schmidtbag Maha Guru     Videocard: HIS R9 290 Processor: AMD FX-6300 @ 4.5GHz Mainboard: GA-890FXA-UD5 Rev 2.0 Memory: 8GB DDR3 Soundcard: Realtek ALC889 PSU: Apevia 700W Yesterday, 17:49 | posts: 1,400 | Location: MA, USA Quote: Originally Posted by Loophole35 You love speaking out of both sides of your mouth don't you. In the process of trying to discredit my POV you proved my point. Thank you. You love to exaggerate things and jump to conclusions, don't you. Seeing as you haven't elaborated (after all, there are a lot of Ps in your POV), whatever you deemed discredited is left only to your interpretation. In other words, your claim is meaningless, and this sense of superiority you have contributes nothing. But by all means, say whatever you want if, in your mind, this prevents your feelings from being hurt. As much as you'd like to think otherwise, my goal wasn't to ridicule; it was nothing more than a hypothesis, which you decided to ridicule. I stated I dislike the multiple sockets, but I'm not ridiculing Intel (or MB manufacturers) for doing so, because I understand the potential reasoning. Last edited by schmidtbag; Yesterday at 17:53.     schmidtbag View Public Profile Find all posts by schmidtbag   (#22) Loophole35 Ancient Guru   Videocard: 1070 SC Processor: 2600k@4.8 w/ NH-D15S Mainboard: P8Z77-V Memory: G-Skills ddr3 16GB@1866 Soundcard: SoundBlaster Z PSU: TX850 Yesterday, 18:01 | posts: 7,640 | Location: FLA,USA You first say that changing sockets is not needed and use AMD as a point of proof then only one post later admit that not changing a socket for Buldozee held it back. Then you sit here and say things like "I can just use add-on cards for all those things that new boards have" news flash a NVMe SSD on a AM3 990FX board through a PCI adapter will probably be no faster than a SATA3 drive. You posted a wall of text for really no reason. the original point I was making in here is the socket changes in the grand scheme of things affects no one. BTW you are basing this over ONE "unnecessary" socket change 1150-1155.     Loophole35 View Public Profile Find all posts by Loophole35   (#23) schmidtbag Maha Guru     Videocard: HIS R9 290 Processor: AMD FX-6300 @ 4.5GHz Mainboard: GA-890FXA-UD5 Rev 2.0 Memory: 8GB DDR3 Soundcard: Realtek ALC889 PSU: Apevia 700W Yesterday, 18:20 | posts: 1,400 | Location: MA, USA Quote: Originally Posted by Loophole35 You first say that changing sockets is not needed and use AMD as a point of proof then only one post later admit that not changing a socket for Buldozee held it back. Then you sit here and say things like "I can just use add-on cards for all those things that new boards have" news flash a NVMe SSD on a AM3 990FX board through a PCI adapter will probably be no faster than a SATA3 drive. You posted a wall of text for really no reason. Here you go again, jumping to conclusions and failing to understand simple concepts. Using the same socket and northbridge on a completely different architecture is bound to hold back performance. It wasn't "needed" for AMD to change sockets, though maybe they should have. This is not by any means the same scenario Intel was in. Ivy Bridge alone exists on FIVE different CPU sockets (4 if you don't want to get nitpicky); 8 if you include BGA. 3 of those sockets were for consumer-level motherboards, and at least 2 of them targeted the same demographic. So seriously, think about it - you are insisting that there must be good reasons to have at least 3 CPU sockets for the same architecture and same type of PC. How do you not find this questionable? Anyway, NVMe SSDs are largely based on PCIe, so yes, it will in fact be faster than SATA3. Let's not pull numbers out of nowhere, ok? At least my rants actually have substance and reason. Quote: the original point I was making in here is the socket changes in the grand scheme of things affects no one. That applies strictly to people who have the money to always get the latest and greatest. Even Intel and MB manufacturers have to address the costs of changing sockets, but like I said, that's worth it for them in the end if it ensure mores sales. Most people on a budget would rather re-use a perfectly capable motherboard. Quote: BTW you are basing this over ONE "unnecessary" socket change 1150-1155. I explicitly stated 1150, 1155, AND 2011. Please keep up. Last edited by schmidtbag; Yesterday at 18:26.     schmidtbag View Public Profile Find all posts by schmidtbag   (#24) Loophole35 Ancient Guru   Videocard: 1070 SC Processor: 2600k@4.8 w/ NH-D15S Mainboard: P8Z77-V Memory: G-Skills ddr3 16GB@1866 Soundcard: SoundBlaster Z PSU: TX850 Yesterday, 18:53 | posts: 7,640 | Location: FLA,USA Quote: Originally Posted by schmidtbag Here you go again, jumping to conclusions and failing to understand simple concepts. Using the same socket and northbridge on a completely different architecture is bound to hold back performance. It wasn't "needed" for AMD to change sockets, though maybe they should have. Make up your mind! Quote: This is not by any means the same scenario Intel was in. Ivy Bridge alone exists on FIVE different CPU sockets (4 if you don't want to get nitpicky); 8 if you include BGA. 3 of those sockets were for consumer-level motherboards, and at least 2 of them targeted the same demographic. So seriously, think about it - you are insisting that there must be good reasons to have at least 3 CPU sockets for the same architecture and same type of PC. How do you not find this questionable? 5? Care to elaborate? Quote: Anyway, NVMe SSDs are largely based on PCIe, so yes, it will in fact be faster than SATA3. Let's not pull numbers out of nowhere, ok? At least my rants actually have substance and reason. Faster but not near its theoretical performance. BTW I'm refering to SATA gen 3 not SATA 3Gb/s Quote: That applies strictly to people who have the money to always get the latest and greatest. Even Intel and MB manufacturers have to address the costs of changing sockets, but like I said, that's worth it for them in the end if it ensure mores sales. Most people on a budget would rather re-use a perfectly capable motherboard. You have spent as much with your CPU upgrades over the past 6 years on that 890FX board that you could have bought a z77 and 3570k instead of that bulldozer and would not NEED an upgrade right now. Hell you could have bought a p67 and a 2600k instead of your AM3 system and maybe saved money at this point. Quote: I explicitly stated 1150, 1155, AND 2011. Please keep up. 1150 and 1155 are dual channel DDR3. 2011 is quad channel DDR3 with no IGPU and supports up to a 8 core CPU. 2011 v3 is quad channel DDR4. Try and keep up. FTR 1156 was tri-channel ddr3 so again only ONE "unnecessary" socket change. Last edited by Loophole35; Yesterday at 19:20.     Loophole35 View Public Profile Find all posts by Loophole35   (#25) schmidtbag Maha Guru     Videocard: HIS R9 290 Processor: AMD FX-6300 @ 4.5GHz Mainboard: GA-890FXA-UD5 Rev 2.0 Memory: 8GB DDR3 Soundcard: Realtek ALC889 PSU: Apevia 700W Yesterday, 19:42 | posts: 1,400 | Location: MA, USA Quote: Originally Posted by Loophole35 Make up your mind! My phrasing and mindset is consistent. You are the one who chooses to see things in a different way. Quote: 5? Care to elaborate? Ivy Bridge is compatible with the following sockets: LGA 1155 LGA 2011 LGA 2011-1 (this is the one that I find nitpicky) EDIT: LGA 2011-3, for some motherboards LGA 1356 Socket G2 And these are the BGA models, which I have excused for argument's sake: BGA-1023 BGA-1224 BGA-1284 Quote: Faster but not near its theoretical performance If you're on enough of a budget where you need to stick with a mobo that doesn't have M.2, you're going to care more about actual real-world performance over theoretical. And at that, in most cases, there is hardly a perceivable difference between M.2 and SATAIII: techreport [dot] com [slash] review/29221/samsung-950-pro-512gb-ssd-reviewed/4 Quote: You have spent as much with your CPU upgrades over the past 6 years on that 890FX board that you could have bought a z77 and 3570k instead of that bulldozer and would not NEED an upgrade right now. I have spent roughly $220 on CPUs for this motherboard. As of right now, my CPU handles every game I have played at 60FPS @ 1080p, except Starcraft II under intense battles. So, not only were both of my CPUs combined roughly the same cost as a new 3570k, but I'd have also had to buy a new motherboard as well. In other words, I'd be spending more for no perceivable user experience. I couldn't care less about synthetic benchmarks or theoretical performance. Quote: 1150 and 1155 are dual channel DDR3. 2011 is quad channel DDR3 with no IGPU and supports up to a 8 core CPU. 2011 v3 is quad channel DDR4. Try and keep up. I apparently wasn't aware the 115# sockets were so crippled compared to 2011. I thought they could handle more than quad cores, so yes, maybe socket 2011 does have a distinguished reason to exist (my confusion probably came from i7s in both sockets). I actually explicitly didn't mention 2011v3 because I knew there were several changes where they weren't very comparable, but the funny thing is some motherboards are backward and forward compatible. Anyway, you still haven't addressed the necessity of 1150 vs 1155. And more importantly, there is still no good explanation as to why, for example, socket 1151 CPUs (to my knowledge) aren't backward compatible with 1150 mobos. Many (if not all) 1151 CPUs are DDR3 and DDR4 compatible. There may be other combinations but I don't feel like researching all of them. Again - I don't care that much about there being new sockets, but the intentional breakage of backward and/or forward compatibility is my gripe. Last edited by schmidtbag; Yesterday at 19:56.     schmidtbag View Public Profile Find all posts by schmidtbag Page 1 of 2 1 2 > « Previous Thread | Next Thread » Thread Tools Show Printable Version Display Modes Linear Mode Switch to Hybrid Mode Switch to Threaded Mode Posting Rules You may not post new threads You may not post replies You may not post attachments You may not edit your posts BB code is On Smilies are On [IMG] code is On HTML code is Off Forum Rules Forum Jump User Control Panel Private Messages Subscriptions Who's Online Search Forums Forums Home General Chat     The Guru's Pub     Folding@Home - Join Team Guru3D !     Frontpage news     Digital Photography, Home and Portable Electronics     Tablets and Smart Phones     The HTPC, HDTV & Ultra High Definition section Videocards     Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce     Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce Drivers Section     Videocards - AMD Radeon     Videocards - AMD Radeon Catalyst Drivers Section     Videocards - 3dfx     Videocards vs General Purpose - NVIDIA Ageia PhysX, GPGPU etc.     3D Stereo Gaming Section     Benchmark Mayhem Hardware     General Hardware     Die-hard Overclocking & Case Modifications      Computer Monitor Forum     Soundcards, Speakers HiFI & File formats     SSD and HDD storage     Processors and motherboards AMD     Processors and motherboards Intel     Network questions and troubleshooting     Laptops & Notebooks Affiliates     Rivatuner Generic Discussion forum         RivaTuner Advanced Discussion forum     MSI AfterBurner Overclock Application Discussion forum     MSI AfterBurner Private Beta access     Guru of 3D Clan General     Games, Gaming & Game-demos     Game Tweaks and Modifications     Consoles & console games     Operating Systems     General Software and Applications     Hardware Reviews and News     Programming/Html     Links Powered by vBulletin® Copyright ©2000 - 2017, Jelsoft Enterprises Ltd. vBulletin Skin developed by: vBStyles.com Copyright (c) 1995-2014, All Rights Reserved. The Guru of 3D, the Hardware Guru, and 3D Guru are trademarks owned by Hilbert Hagedoorn. -- Aria -- Dark -- Fast Contact Us - The Guru of 3D - Archive - Privacy Statement - Top
  Guru3D.com Forums > General Chat > Frontpage news Intel Launches Kaby Lake Xeon E3-1200 v6-processors User Name Remember Me? Password Frontpage news Perhaps you have some news to report or want to check out the latest Guru3D headlines and comment ? Check it in here. Search Forums Show Threads   Show Posts Advanced Search Tag Search Go to Page...   Thread Tools Display Modes Intel Launches Kaby Lake Xeon E3-1200 v6-processors   (#1) Hilbert Hagedoorn Don Vito Corleone     Videocard: AMD | NVIDIA Processor: Core i7 5960K Mainboard: X99 Memory: 16GB Soundcard: X-Fi - GigaWorks 7.1 PSU: 1200 Watt Intel Launches Kaby Lake Xeon E3-1200 v6-processors - Yesterday, 07:29 | posts: 28,058 | Location: Guru3D testlab Intel updated its Xeon processor line by adding new four core models, the new processors are all based on KabyÂ*Lake architecture. TheÂ*E3-1200 v6-family of products have slightly higher clock frequen... Intel Launches Kaby Lake Xeon E3-1200 v6-processors     Hilbert Hagedoorn View Public Profile Find all posts by Hilbert Hagedoorn     (#2) Angrycrab Master Guru     Videocard: Titan XP EVGA Hybrid Kit Processor: i7 7700k @ 5.1GHz 24/7 Mainboard: Asus Maximus IX Apex Memory: GSkill 16GB@4133MHz CL17 Soundcard: On Board PSU: Corsair 850watt Yesterday, 11:39 | posts: 253 Looks like Intel Is the one that decides when the market needs to shift to 8 cores not the other way around. 4 core chips are far from dead. Last edited by Angrycrab; Yesterday at 11:41.     Angrycrab View Public Profile Find all posts by Angrycrab   (#3) eclap Ancient Guru     Videocard: Palit GR 1080 2000/11000 Processor: i7 7700k @5ghz NH-D15 Mainboard: Asus ROG Maximux IX Hero Memory: 16GB Vengeance 3200mhz Soundcard: AuneT1/AD700/DT880/HD650 PSU: XFX Black 750W 80+ Gold Yesterday, 11:45 | posts: 31,473 | Location: Hampshire, UK I wonder how these top end xeons groom this line up compare to the 7700k. Also, anything about pricing?     eclap View Public Profile Find all posts by eclap   (#4) chronek Member Guru     Videocard: Geforce 980 GTX 4GB gddr5 Processor: Intel i7-4790k@5Ghz Mainboard: Gigabyte GA-Z97M-D3H Memory: GoodRam 32GB ddr3 Soundcard: SB ZxR, BD 990DT pro PSU: Chieftec 750W Yesterday, 11:54 | posts: 88 | Location: Poland oops     chronek View Public Profile Find all posts by chronek     (#5) FrostNixon Member Guru   Videocard: GT 555M 1GB Processor: Intel Core i7 2670QM Mainboard: Memory: Soundcard: PSU: Laptop Yesterday, 14:20 | posts: 65 Really happy Intel went back to consumer motherboard support. The E3-1230 v6 is a great cpu which costs $50 less than the i7 7700 and gives you the 4 cores and 8 threads.     FrostNixon View Public Profile Find all posts by FrostNixon « Previous Thread | Next Thread » Thread Tools Show Printable Version Display Modes Linear Mode Switch to Hybrid Mode Switch to Threaded Mode Posting Rules You may not post new threads You may not post replies You may not post attachments You may not edit your posts BB code is On Smilies are On [IMG] code is On HTML code is Off Forum Rules Forum Jump User Control Panel Private Messages Subscriptions Who's Online Search Forums Forums Home General Chat     The Guru's Pub     Folding@Home - Join Team Guru3D !     Frontpage news     Digital Photography, Home and Portable Electronics     Tablets and Smart Phones     The HTPC, HDTV & Ultra High Definition section Videocards     Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce     Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce Drivers Section     Videocards - AMD Radeon     Videocards - AMD Radeon Catalyst Drivers Section     Videocards - 3dfx     Videocards vs General Purpose - NVIDIA Ageia PhysX, GPGPU etc.     3D Stereo Gaming Section     Benchmark Mayhem Hardware     General Hardware     Die-hard Overclocking & Case Modifications      Computer Monitor Forum     Soundcards, Speakers HiFI & File formats     SSD and HDD storage     Processors and motherboards AMD     Processors and motherboards Intel     Network questions and troubleshooting     Laptops & Notebooks Affiliates     Rivatuner Generic Discussion forum         RivaTuner Advanced Discussion forum     MSI AfterBurner Overclock Application Discussion forum     MSI AfterBurner Private Beta access     Guru of 3D Clan General     Games, Gaming & Game-demos     Game Tweaks and Modifications     Consoles & console games     Operating Systems     General Software and Applications     Hardware Reviews and News     Programming/Html     Links Powered by vBulletin® Copyright ©2000 - 2017, Jelsoft Enterprises Ltd. vBulletin Skin developed by: vBStyles.com Copyright (c) 1995-2014, All Rights Reserved. The Guru of 3D, the Hardware Guru, and 3D Guru are trademarks owned by Hilbert Hagedoorn. -- Aria -- Dark -- Fast Contact Us - The Guru of 3D - Archive - Privacy Statement - Top
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: 2 Top Stocks in Driverless Cars to Buy Right Now These companies are leading the revolution in bringing autonomous vehicles to market. Andrew Tonner (TMFTheDude) Mar 29, 2017 at 10:41AM By 2020, BI Intelligence estimates there will be 10 million self-driving cars on the road, and that number falls on the conservative side of some analysts' estimates. Sensing the potential, a wide array of automotive and technology companies are moving headlong into a driverless-car "arms race." Although there are plenty of companies worthy of analysis, here we'll focus on the autonomous-vehicle efforts at work at two technology companies -- Baidu (NASDAQ:BIDU) and NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA). Let's dive deeper into two companies leading the way in driverless cars. Baidu Chinese search giant Baidu is well known for its aggressive investment spending over the past several years, a strategy that I support but which has weighed on the company's near-term margin and share price. In perhaps its most ambitious goal to date, Baidu has said it hopes to have its internally developed driverless cars on Chinese roads by 2018, though probably in semi-contained areas such as airport park loops.   Even if it doesn't meet that deadline, Baidu remains well situated to benefit from the rise in self-driving cars. Not only is China the world's most populous country, but it's also the world's largest automotive market, with 23.9 million autos sold last year. Of course, the company will have to compete with global rivals, both tech and automotive, that are all vying for leadership positions in this market. Complicating matters somewhat, Baidu recently lost its chief scientist, Andrew Ng, whose artificial-intelligence research efforts many saw as critical to getting Baidu's driverless-car ambitions off the ground. However, the company's research efforts have grown from nothing to employing roughly 1,300 people since 2014, and its now-established body of intellectual-capital and subject-matter experts should help Baidu remain a force in self-driving cars as trends continue to unfold. Image source: NVIDIA.  NVIDIA The largest news to come from the semiconductor market this year has been Intel's (NASDAQ:INTC) $15.3 billion purchase of Mobileye. The deal was a shot across NVIDIA's bow that Intel intends to become a major player in the self-driving-car space as well. However, Intel's Mobileye deal distracted from several impressive announcements that reiterate NVIDIA's strength as a leading provider of autonomous-vehicle technology. Two weeks ago, NVIDIA announced that it will partner with leading car-part maker Bosch to create an in-car artificial-intelligence supercomputer. The deal will place NVIDIA's forthcoming Xavier system-on-a-chip into in-car hardware manufactured by Bosch, a deal both companies' executives believe will help accelerate the adoption of mass-market autonomous vehicles. According to NVIDIA CEO Jen-Hsun Huang, this partnership will allow NVIDIA to provide turnkey solutions for Level 3 self-driving -- defined as semi-autonomous, whereby a driver can still use the controls if needed -- by the end of 2017. Level 4 autonomous driving -- involving systems-controlled driving in all situations -- would be ready in 2018. The company also announced that it has partnered with commercial-truck manufacturer PACCAR to integrate NVIDIA's self-driving chips into its production vehicles. The commercial opportunity is impressive. NVIDIA noted that analysts think 150 million automobiles with various levels of self-driving capabilities will be deployed by 2025, far more than the BI Intelligence estimates. In touting its PACCAR deal, NVIDIA also noted that roughly 300 million commercial trucks operate worldwide. With Intel's purchase of Mobileye, which also has partnerships with many automakers and suppliers, the battle lines for dominance in the self-driving-car space appear to be hardening. Thankfully for investors in either Intel or NVIDIA, the market for autonomous vehicles appears to be large enough to provide plenty of profits for both companies. There are plenty of interesting ways to invest in the rise of driverless cars, but Baidu and NVIDIA are two clear leaders in this increasingly important tech market. Andrew Tonner owns shares of Baidu. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Baidu, Nvidia, and Paccar. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Andrew Tonner (TMFTheDude) Andrew Tonner is a senior tech specialist for The Motley Fool. He is a graduate of The University of Arizona with a degree in Finance. Follow @andrewtonner Article Info Mar 29, 2017 at 10:41AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $35.57 down $0.03 (-0.08%) Baidu NASDAQ:BIDU $170.66 up $0.87 (0.51%) Nvidia NASDAQ:NVDA $107.34 down $0.35 (-0.33%) Paccar NASDAQ:PCAR $67.65 up $0.56 (0.83%) Mobileye NYSE:MBLY $60.98 up $0.13 (0.21%) Read More NVIDIA Corporation's New GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Is Selling Out 3 Things That Could Hurt NVIDIA Corp. The World's First Autonomous Race Car Is About More Than Fun Is NVIDIA Corporation Running Out of Steam or Taking a Breather? 3 Reasons Why NVIDIA Is a Bet on the Future Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current 2 Top Stocks in Driverless Cars to Buy Right Now @themotleyfool #stocks $INTC, $BIDU, $NVDA, $PCAR, $MBLY
The Times of Israel Israel & the Region Jewish Times Israel Inside The Blogs Start-Up Israel Partners Atlanta:Atlanta Jewish Times New Jersey:The Jewish Standard New York:The Jewish Week United Kingdom:The Jewish News For Publishers:Become a Times of Israel partner Daily Edition Spotlight s   English العربية Français 中文 فارسی Thursday, March 30, 2017 Nisan 3, 5777 9:51 am IDT About Us About the site Contact us Advertise with us Advertise with us Partner Links: Learn Hebrew Judaica Web Store Thrifty Car Rental Make Aliyah Israel Car Rental Help Fight BDS! Start-Up Israel All the news and views from Silicon Wadi Read the Start-Up Daily Follow @timesofisrael Home  > Israel Inside Bank of Israel’s Flug says Israel must spend more on infrastructure, education Governor says level of investment in infrastructure in Israel ‘is markedly below that of most advanced economies’ By Shoshanna Solomon March 29, 2017, 5:53 pm Tweet Email Print Share Bank of Israel Governor Karnit Flug presents the bank's 2016 report to President Reuven Rivlin, March 29, 2017. (Mark Neiman, GPO) Newsroom Email the Newsroom Facebook Twitter Related Topics Karnit Flug Bank of Israel taxes Related Stories Samsung to integrate Israeli tech in bid to spot strokes Lawyers jump into the fray to back judges in pension feud GE Ventures leads $25m funding round in Israeli freight firm New airport taxi system aims to drop price for passengers Israel to shorten work week by one hour Waze gets into the order-ahead business with Dunkin’ Donuts Amazon buys Middle East’s biggest online retailer The Bank of Israel’s Governor Karnit Flug called on the Israeli government to make use of Israel’s strong economic position to invest in the nation’s infrastructure and human capital to support the future growth of the economy, rather than to cut taxes. The level of investment in infrastructure in Israel “is markedly below that of most advanced economies,” Flug said at a press conference in Jerusalem Wednesday, as the central bank presented its 2016 annual report. “Significant and efficient investment” in both human capital and infrastructure are required to increase the productivity of all Israeli citizens and is the key to increasing the potential growth of the economy and the standard of living of its citizens. Israel’s robust macroeconomic situation “presents precisely the opportunity to adopt such a policy,” she added. Israel’s economy grew by 4 percent in 2016, higher than most other advanced economies. The robust growth, in addition to the recent $15-billion acquisition by Intel Corp. of Israel’s Mobileye, have prompted Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon to say they plan to lower taxes for Israeli citizens. In January, Kahlon said he would consider tax reductions if tax revenues continued to exceed expectations. “If we are talking about high tax revenue because of temporary and one-time phenomena — as in the case of Mobileye, or an unusual increase in the import of cars — then it is clear we would not want to cut taxes permanently as a result of this,” Flug said. Last month, Flug said it would be wiser for the government to spend any excess revenue from taxes on improving social services. “The main challenge faced by policy makers in the coming years is to ensure that growth is based, to a much greater extent, on increasing labor productivity while reducing inequality in the economy,” Flug wrote in her forward to the report. This requires increased spending on education — including technological education — and professional training, as well as investment in public infrastructures. These two areas “significantly lag behind the needs,” Flug added. Flug also said that political instability and short-term governments in Israel hurt the economy, because of the short-term perspective of the policy makers. The governor’s remarks came as Netanyahu and Kahlon met on Wednesday in another attempt to broker a solution to the growing crisis over the new broadcasting authority, which is threatening to break apart the coalition and lead to early elections. Government investment on infrastructure — land transport, sea and air ports, communication, electricity/energy, and water — increased in 2007, but declined sharply after a deficit increase in 2012, which forced the government to cut back on expenditure, the central bank said. “Expenditure per student in the education system is not sufficient, and can be seen in Israel’s relatively low standing compared with advanced economies, both in student achievements and in terms of the inequality among them. This inequality indicates that the system does not sufficiently rectify the gaps deriving from differences in students’ socioeconomic backgrounds,” continued Flug. Like us on Facebook Get our newsletter Follow us on Twitter Tweet Read more on:  Karnit Flug,  Bank of Israel,  taxes,  Bank of Israel 2016 Annual Report,  Mobileye,  infrastructure,  education More in Israel Inside Police: Female attacker tries to stab cops in Jerusalem Old City, is shot dead Comments on this article Report inappropriate comments Start-Up Israel Current top stories GE Ventures leads $25m funding round in Israeli freight firm By Shoshanna Solomon   Samsung to integrate Israeli tech in bid to spot strokes By Shoshanna Solomon   Waze gets into the order-ahead business with Dunkin’ Donuts By Michael Liedtke   Haifa Chemicals employees protest in Tel Aviv against ammonia tank closure By Shoshanna Solomon   Join the startup boom, Israel tech tells local investor funds By Shoshanna Solomon   Start-Up Israel Blogs March 29, 2017, 1:41 am Israel at the cutting edge of digital health (part 2) Meeting 33 digital health companies in four days in Israel, may seem somewhat excessive, but it was...... Thomas Sudow March 28, 2017, 6:30 pm When The Dust Settles Marketing and PR for the Israeli start-up scene is somewhat seasonal. You've got CES and ... Goel Jasper March 26, 2017, 7:32 pm Anti-Israel activists manipulate the rules because it’s all they’ve got left A few months back, I wrote about some recent defeats suffered by those advancing Boycotts,...... Jay Solomon March 26, 2017, 4:42 pm Three Hot Startups in Beersheba – Israel’s Blossoming Desert Tech Hub ... Jonah Balfour March 26, 2017, 10:51 am Why complain about the world’s best media? Maybe ambassador David Friedman, Rabbi Levinstein and MK Smotrich know what they are talking about? Politicians who fear Israeli television should be tied to a chair and forced to watch Dutch television...... Asaf Shimoni March 25, 2017, 9:12 am How To Enhance Creativity In Children A TRUE STORY: I led a three hour creativity session for two combined classes of second...... Ed Glassman See all Start-Up Israel blogs Start a blog The Times of Israel Start-Up Israel Free to Your Inbox The email is either missing or invalid Almost finished... We need to confirm your email address first. To complete the subscription process, please click the link in the email we just sent you. By signing up, you agree to our terms You hereby accept The Times of Israel Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, and you agree to receive the latest news & offers from The Times of Israel and its partners or ad sponsors. Currency Rates   ILS USD EUR GBP CAD 1 ILS = 1.000 0.276 0.256 0.222 0.369 1 USD = 3.625 1.000 0.927 0.805 1.337 1 EUR = 3.912 1.079 1.000 0.869 1.442 1 GBP = 4.504 1.242 1.151 1.000 1.661 1 CAD = 2.712 0.748 0.693 0.602 1.000 Bank of Israel exchange rates for Wednesday, Mar 29, 2017 Back to Top The Times of Israel Home Israel & the Region Jewish Times Israel Inside The Blogs The Jewish Planet Start-Up Israel Daily Edition Spotlight Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Newsletter Facebook Twitter RSS © 2017 The Times of Israel, All rights reserved. Concept, design & development by RGB Media Powered by Salamandra
News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers News Conference Index TQ Deals Answers Tech5 Contact Jobs Advertise Team About Categories Apps Gear Tech Creative Money Insights Launch World Distract Offers · : · : · : · UNTIL PRICES RISE FOR Learn More Have a cookie TNW uses cookies to personalize content and ads to make our site easier for you to use. We do also share that information with third parties for advertising & analytics. Got it! or More info Until prices rise for TNW Conference. Learn more > Sections Apps Gear Tech Creative Money Insights Launch World Distract Offers About TNW About Team Advertise Jobs Contact TNW Sites News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers Cyberspace Culture Intel’s new Optane memory promises to supercharge your PC on the cheap by Abhimanyu Ghoshal — in Gadgets Credit: Intel 628 shares One of the best ways to speed up load times for the OS and apps on your PC is to upgrade your storage to a solid-state drive. However, given the high cost of these components, most folks are usually left deciding between high speed with an SSD or high capacity with a standard (significantly cheaper) spinning hard drive. Intel believes it has a neat solution: its new Optane memory acts as a fast cache drive (essentially a bridge between your systems’s storage and DRAM) that can boost performance by storing data needed to run your frequently used apps and games and making it more readily available to your PC than a traditional HDD. Win a trip to Amsterdam! We've teamed up with Product Hunt to offer you the chance to win an all expense paid trip to TNW Conference 2017! CHECK IT OUT The company says that you can expect it to reduce boot times by half and launch apps like Chrome up to five times faster; games and levels should also load about 65 percent faster than before. You’ll notice improvements from the second time you launch your OS and programs with the Optane module installed, as it needs a chance to cache files at least once before it can be effective. That’s handy for people who prefer to stick with large hard drives for their storage needs. The Optane Memory modules fit into M.2 slots on supported desktop motherboards that work with Intel’s new 7th-gen Kaby Lake Core processors and will be available in 16GB and 32GB capacities for $44 and $77 respectively when they arrive in stores on April 24. The company notes that Optane-equipped systems from the likes of ASUS, Dell, HP and Lenovo will arrive in the second quarter of 2017. But what if you’re already rocking an SSD? Intel says you’ll experience a slight bump in performance, but the Optane modules are really designed to assist standard HDD-equipped machines. Read next: Let's hope we get along with robots as well as this kid and a water heater GearIntel Share on Facebook (281) Share on Twitter (233) Abhimanyu Ghoshal is a reporter from Bangalore, IN. Happy to hear your thoughts on abhimanyu@thenextweb.com or @aghoshal on Twitter. Abhimanyu is an avid gamer, street food gourmet and design connoisseur. Hit him up on Twitter, his site, or via mail: abhimanyu@thenextweb.com. Contact Mail Tweet Location Bangalore, IN Posts 2424 Posts / mo. 42.58   All posts by Abhimanyu > The latest articles around Intel How to prepare for employment in the age of artificial intelligence Ben Dickson Post Intelligence uses AI to help you suck less at Twitter Bryan Clark Artificial intelligence is quickly becoming as biased as we are Bryan Clark Here's some more distraction How to create a successful corporate-startup collaboration TNW with BNP Paribas Xbox One update adds a bunch of long-awaited features Rachel Kaser Is your business really ready to grow? TNW with TMF Group Let's hope we get along with robots as well as this kid and a water heater Abhimanyu Ghoshal Amazon's no-cashier store can't handle more than a few shoppers Rachel Kaser Watching cassette tapes get made is like nostalgic mediation Bryan Clark Comments Recommended 3 software development trends you don’t want to miss Raygun Most popular 1 Don't even think of naming your business until you read this Julian Shapiro 2 Congress just killed your right to online privacy Bryan Clark 3 These are the Congressmen who voted in favor of selling your internet data Bryan Clark 4 This robot automatically prints and burns Trump's tweets Bryan Clark 5 Facebook brings Stories to everyone, completes Snapchat cloning program Napier Lopez Never miss out Stay tuned with our weekly recap of what’s hot & cool by our CEO Boris. Thank you! Do it Join over 260,000 subscribers! Who's Hiring Add your company Facebook Build and make an impact Amazon We are a company of pioneers Latest Lyft is turning cabs into fixed-route shuttles in its latest experiment Abhimanyu Ghoshal Google Calendar is finally available for the iPad Abhimanyu Ghoshal Facebook is bringing chatbots to groups on Messenger Rachel Kaser Samsung's DeX dock for the Galaxy S8 should turn it into a laptop, not a desktop Napier Lopez How to protect your data after Congress’ repeal of privacy rules Ben Dickson @stephenrcovey Always treat your employees exactly as you want them to treat your best customers. Share Upcoming Events TNW Conference May 18, 2017 Popular Companies Amazon eBay Facebook Google Yahoo Trending Topics iPhone MacBook Playstation Samsung Galaxy YouTube Events About Team Advertise Jobs Contact © 2006–2017 The Next Web B.V. Made with ♥ in Amsterdam. Powered by Stay tuned Treat yourself Sit back and let the hottest tech news come to you by the magic of electronic mail. Thank you! Sign up Prefer to get the news as it happens? Follow us on social media. 1.76M followers 1M likes Help us out Who are you? Got two minutes to spare? We'd love to know a bit more about our readers. Start! All data collected in the survey is anonymous. ↑ ↓ Navigate up/down Enter Go to article / Search new term Esc Close search
Latest News Dow 20,659 -42.18 -0.20% Nasdaq 5,898 +22.41 +0.38% S&P 500 2,361 +2.56 +0.11% 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% higher at 5,074.38 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% higher at 7,381.42 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens flat at 378.62 2:57 A.M. ET SSE: Lower networks profit to weigh on dividend 2:53 A.M. ET DFS declares special dividend as profit edges up 2:53 A.M. ET William Hill appoints Ruth Prior as finance chief 2:52 A.M. ET Imperial keeps earnings target; to invest £300 mln 2:51 A.M. ET H&M profit drops as sales slow in tough market 2:19 A.M. ET Booker sees 7% rise for full-year same-store sales 2:11 A.M. ET LSE to buy back £200 million of shares 2:10 A.M. ET U.K. airlines face turbulence after Brexit 2:08 A.M. ET Trump administration mulls tariffs on Perrier, Vespas over EU-beef dispute 1:16 A.M. ET Mahindra plans electric cars for U.S., China 1:12 A.M. ET Oil prices make steady gains after rallying to a three-week high 1:11 A.M. ET Updated The country with the most U.S. visa refusals is not named in Trump’s travel ban 12:55 A.M. ET Updated Millennials say Instagram is the most narcissistic social network on the planet 3/29 North Carolina lawmakers agree to repeal 'bathroom law' 3/29 Hawaii court extends ruling against Trump's travel ban 3/29 ‘Confused’ Asian markets sag, though energy stocks post gains 3/29 Trump administration may seek only minor adjustments to Nafta Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Radical Change Is Coming to an Industry Near You -- And It May Kill Off the Companies at the Top of Their Game, According to Innosight By Published: Mar 29, 2017 10:00 a.m. ET Share LEXINGTON, MA, Mar 29, 2017 (Marketwired via COMTEX) -- From Insurance and Banking to Shipping and Healthcare, Leading Firms in Once-Safe Industries Are Potentially on the Endangered Species List as the Next Wave of Disruptive Innovation Sweeps Through The Economy LEXINGTON, MA--(Marketwired - Mar 29, 2017) - The knock-on effects of disruption are hard to predict. Waves of radical innovation have upended the mobile handset business, personal computers, cameras, the publishing industry, the music business and so on. And now, seemingly safe industries -- not to mention ones that serve them -- are next in the firing line of disruption, according to the growth strategy consulting firm, Innosight. "The companies most vulnerable to disruption today are those at the top of their game," says Innosight co-founder and senior partner Mark Johnson, co-author of the forthcoming book Dual Transformation: How to Reposition Today's Business While Creating the Future (Harvard Business Review Press, April 2017). "In mature industries, incumbent leaders are extremely vulnerable to competitors offering greater simplicity, convenience, accessibility, and affordability." "In many cases, these companies think their industries and business models are insulated from disruption because it hasn't happened yet," says Scott Anthony, Innosight managing partner and co-author of Dual Transformation. "But earthquakes are preceded by light tremors. Incumbents seldom lose their position overnight. It takes years of incremental change before the shockwaves are large enough to unseat the biggest, safest market leaders. And when that happens, aftershocks can ripple through connected industries, too." Who's Next? The Answer May Surprise You A look at dozens of industries to assess the potential for market disruption -- especially for supposedly safe incumbents -- reveals some provocative takeaways: Could driverless cars kill the auto insurance business? Cities across the country and around the world are making way for a radical kind of driverless car: one with no steering wheel, no pedals, and nobody inside. Sure, it's a game changer for car companies. Ford and GM are quickly getting into the "mobility" game, but so is Intel, with its $15 billion purchase of a company that makes sensors and cameras. But what about auto insurers? Companies like Geico and Progressive make most of their money from auto insurance. What happens to their business model when there are no more car accidents? Could consumer banks go the way of VHS players? Recent studies have found that millennials hate banks more than just about any other industry. And their options are growing rapidly: telecom companies offering mobile payments; e-commerce companies offering escrow-type payment services; traditional banks losing market share to online banks and non-bank mortgage lenders; even Starbucks held more than $1 billion in prepaid card assets as of 2016. It won't be long before non-banks and tech companies offer an entire suite of financial services -- without the reputational baggage. How soon until consumers "cut the cord" with banks, like they're doing with cable TV companies? Could 3D printers take a bite out of the shipping business? 3-D printers can cut labor costs, shorten design and development timelines, improve overall manufacturing efficiency, and even make low-volume manufacturing cost effective. The impact will be felt in a wide variety of manufacturing-dependent industries, like the aerospace, automotive, and medical device industries. But what happens to trucking, logistics, container and rail companies when manufactured goods are smaller, lighter and made closer to where they are used? If you are the business of shipping millions of tons of manufactured goods over long distances, what happens to your business model? Could robots and algorithms replace white-collar professionals? They already are. Think: tax preparation software. And the applications for artificial intelligence (AI) are proliferating quickly. The venerated Washington Post is using Heliograph (an AI "bot") to write breaking news stories for the Post's website. A Japanese insurance company is replacing human claims workers with a version of IBM's "Watson" computer. From paralegals to professors, and even radiologists reading x-rays, rapid advancements in AI pose a growing threat to "safe" white-collar jobs. Responding with a Transformation Agenda The right way to respond, according to Innosight, is with a "dual transformation" agenda: transform and reposition today's core business, while building the business of tomorrow in a new, under-served market that can provide rapid growth. It's the kind of transformation that Ford Motor Company is undertaking with its focus on "mobility services." By the time driverless cars take over America's roads, Ford will be a different company, with a transformed business model, aiming to maintain its leadership position in a radically changed market. Will Ford still make "cars"? Yes. But the identity of the company will be very different: it will no longer be a "car company." "There is no such thing as a safe incumbent because disruption is never over," says Anthony. "But it doesn't have to mean death for market incumbents. When leaders stop spending too much energy defending the status quo and start preparing for transformation, disruption can create an equal or even greater opportunity and power their next wave of growth. Disruption nearly always creates new markets and opportunities -- and incumbents have as much a right to win there as startups do." For more information, a copy of Dual Transformation: How to Reposition Today's Business While Creating the Future or an interview Mark Johnson and Scott Anthony of Innosight, please contact Katarina Wenk-Bodenmiller of Sommerfield Communications at +1 (212) 255-8386 or Katarina@sommerfield.com. ABOUT INNOSIGHT Innosight, the strategy and innovation business of global professional services firm Huron, helps organizations design and create the future, instead of being disrupted by it. Acquired by Huron in 2017, Innosight is the leading authority on disruptive innovation and strategic transformation. The company collaborates with clients across a range of industries to identify new growth opportunities, build new ventures and capabilities, and accelerate organizational change. Learn more at www.innosight.com and www.huronconsultinggroup.com. Contact info: Katarina Wenk-Bodenmiller Sommerfield Communications 212-255-3836 katarina@sommerfield.com � 2017 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Most Popular Why this financial adviser thinks you should keep piles of cash handy Americans are now utterly intolerant of ever being told they’re wrong about almost anything Trump’s intriguing idea: Cut debt by selling off federal assets The country with the most U.S. visa refusals is not named in Trump’s travel ban People spend small fortunes to bury pets at this cemetery Celebrity Real Estate Taylor Swift’s Beverly Hills home goes for landmark vote next month View More SectorWatch Here's what Trump means for the tech industry View More Regulation How languages are confusing banks' compliance teams View More Moneyish This brand-new celebrity couple is worth $640 million View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us ב' ניסן תשע"ז   |   Wednesday, March 29, 2017 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds Israel Israeli Central Bank Chief Calls for Infrastructure Spending Over Tax Cuts Israeli Central Bank Chief Calls for Infrastructure Spending Over Tax Cuts Wednesday, March 29, 2017 at 9:51 am | ב' ניסן תשע"ז The Bank of Israel building in Yerushalayim. (Reuters/Ronen Zvulun, File) YERUSHALAYIM (Reuters) - Bank of Israel Governor Karnit Flug urged the government to use excess tax revenues to invest in infrastructure and education, rather than cutting taxes further. Israel’s tax revenues have been higher than expected over the past year and stand to get a 4 billion shekel ($1.1 billion) boost from capital gains tax if Intel’s planned $15.3 billion takeover of self-driving car tech firm Mobileye goes through this year. Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu and Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon have said they want to cut taxes further if revenues keep rising, but Flug said investment in jobs, education and infrastructure were more important for economic growth and current levels of investment “indicate a troubling picture.” “It is clear that we don’t want to lower taxes permanently because of increased collection from one-time factors, like the acquisition of Mobileye,” Flug told reporters, noting Israel’s level of taxation is relatively low. Kahlon cut corporate tax by one percentage point to 24 percent at the start of 2017, and the rate will drop to 23 percent at the start of 2018. Income taxes were also reduced. “There is a great preference for investment in infrastructure and education,” Flug said. Israel’s investment in infrastructure is low relative to other countries and “negatively impacts on the economy’s growth potential,” Flug said. At the same time, Flug said government spending per student is only about 75 percent of the OECD average and has led to Israelis performing poorly in tests of basic skills such as literacy, maths, writing and problem solving in a digital environment. Israel’s economy grew 4 percent in 2016, higher than in most advanced economies, but is expected to slow this year. Filed under: Bank Print Email Gmail Related Israeli Growth Jumps, But Central Bank Doesn’t Budge Bank of Israel Calls for Higher Wages Bank Chief Warns Against Overlending to Households Ending Long Impasse, New Bank of Israel Chief Named Israel to Pick New Central Bank Governor in 2 Weeks, Bennett Says More in Israel New Police Station to Serve Beitar Ilit IMF Report Praises Israel’s Economic Performance IDF Launches Surveillance Balloon Over Beitar Illit Access Road Jordan’s King Abdullah: Two-State Solution Basis of Middle East Peace Sales of Israeli Defense and Weapons Systems Jump 14 Percent in 2016 OP-ED The Healthcare Malaise Continues The Kid From Ashkelon Isn’t the Whole Story I Came Here as a Refugee. And then I Rebuilt the Pentagon After 9/11. Callousness or Conscientiousness? Truth Matters A Listening Ear American Democracy: Not so Decadent After All Nanny Weather We’re Not a Part of Somalia, Mr. Trump, And We Don’t Belong in Your Ban Time for Kurdish Independence? The Wages of Hatred on a City Street Renewing the Relationship The Shameful Vote Which Confirmed the Envoy to Israel When the Government’s Policy Is to Pass the Buck Features Nichum Aveilim 2 Nisan/March 29 Putting the Punch in Punctuation This Day In History 2 Nisan/March 29 Garden Enclosures Sudoku – March 29, 2017 The Odd Side – March 28, 2017 This Day In History 1 Nisan/March 28 Mountain Echoes World of Wonder – March 28, 2017 Nichum Aveilim 1 Nisan/March 28 Sudoku – March 28, 2017 Editorial Cartoon – March 28, 2017 Editorial Cartoon – March 27, 2017 Sudoku – March 27, 2017 Weather » Brooklyn 45°F Partly cloudy See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 5,880.78 +5.64 (+0.10%) S&P 500 2,355.98 -2.59 (-0.11%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.9270 GBP 0.8045 ILS 3.6230 CHF 0.9938 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump ObamaCare Neil Gorsuch Just In... North Carolina leaders reach deal to repeal transgender bathroom law State Watch — 2h 55m ago Federal judge extends order blocking Trump's revised travel ban Blog Briefing Room — 3h 27m ago Kelly: DHS won't separate families crossing border Administration — 3h 36m ago State Dept. to remove human rights conditions of Bahrain jet deal: report Administration — 4h 3m ago Wasserman Schultz to Sanders: Dems are already a grassroots party News — 4h 39m ago Comey: FBI is 'not on anybody's side' News — 4h 52m ago Obama WH ethics lawyer: Ivanka's job is nepotism Blog Briefing Room — 5h 7m ago White House extends Obama executive order on cyber threats Cybersecurity — 5h 23m ago view all   Intel Dem: 'What's the holdup' on Yates testimony? By Rebecca Savransky - 03/29/17 09:49 AM EDT 2,003   © Greg Nash Rep. Adam SchiffAdam SchiffSchiff: I don't think White House wants to see Yates testify How Obama's White House weaponized media against Trump Intel Dem: 'What's the holdup' on Yates testimony? MORE (Calif.), the ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, is upping the pressure on Chairman Devin Nunes (R-Calif.) to move forward with the panel's investigation into Russian meddling in the U.S. presidential election. In a tweet Wednesday morning, Schiff asked what "the holdup" was for hearing testimony from former acting Attorney General Sally Yates, former director of national security James Clapper and former CIA Director John Brennan. Sally Yates is willing to testify, WH says they want her to testify, public wants to hear from her, Brennan and Clapper...what's the holdup?— Adam Schiff (@RepAdamSchiff) March 29, 2017 Nunes raised eyebrows when he canceled a hearing on Russia where Yates was to testify the same day the Trump administration reportedly voiced objections to him about her planned testimony. ADVERTISEMENT Yates briefly led the Justice Department while Attorney General Jeff SessionsJeff SessionsFiorina calls for special prosecutor for Russia probe The Hill's 12:30 Report Dem rep: Sanctuary cities are actually ‘Fourth Amendment cities’ MORE moved through Senate confirmation. She was fired by Trump after she refused to defend in court his executive order temporarily barring refugees and travelers from a handful of predominately Muslim countries. After she was fired, it was revealed that Yates had notified the White House that then-national security adviser Michael Flynn had not properly explained his contact with Russia's ambassador to the U.S., according to a report published Tuesday in The Washington Post. The incident led to Flynn's resignation. The Post referenced documents that showed the Justice Department told Yates her testimony would have to be seriously limited because of executive privilege, which protects executive branch documents and information from having to be turned over in certain cases.   According to the series of letters, a Justice Department official told Yates's lawyer, David O'Neill, that she would need “consent” from the White House in order to discuss her conversations with the White House.  White House press secretary Sean Spicer on Tuesday blasted the Post report, denying that President Trump blocked Yates from testifying. "I hope she testifies," Spicer said. "I look forward to it. ... If they choose to move forward, great. We have no problem with her testifying, plain and simple. The report in The Washington Post is 100 percent false." Tuesday afternoon, Rep. Walter Jones (N.C.) became the first Republican to join Democrats in calling for Nunes to hand over control of the Russian probe, saying he's lost credibility. Tags Jeff Sessions Adam Schiff   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 How North Korea could kill 90... OPINION | They could deliver a 30 kiloton weapon by land, sea or air, and... 545 Shares 2 Report: Bush called Trump's... Former President George W. Bush reportedly reacted to President Trump's... 259 Shares 3 Senators vow cooperation on Russia... Seven staff members have been allocated to the investigation, chairman... 256 Shares 4 House votes to restrict EPA’s use... The House voted Wednesday to restrict the kind of scientific studies and... 214 Shares 5 Trump's approval rating sinks to... President Trump's job approval rating hit a new low of 35 percent on... 125 Shares 6 FBI Director Comey sought to... FBI Director James Comey sought to publish an op-ed as early as last... 121 Shares 7 Obama WH ethics lawyer: Ivanka's... Former White House ethics lawyer to President Obama Norman Eisen said... 95 Shares 8 How Obama's White House weaponized... OPINION | "At stake is a core principle of our democracy: that elected... 78 Shares 9 Comey: FBI is 'not on anybody's... FBI Director James Comey on Wednesday said the last year has been easy for... 69 Shares 10 NY Times fires back at Trump: 'We... "We stand by our coverage," the newspaper's PR team tweeted. 68 Shares 11 House passes bill undoing Obama... The measure now heads to President Trump's desk.  65 Shares 12 Trump not concerned about Mar-a-... President Trump isn't concerned about the rising costs associated with his... 62 Shares 13 Ivanka Trump will have an official... President Trump’s daughter Ivanka Trump will be an official government... 60 Shares 14 State employee charged in FBI probe A State Department employee pleaded not guilty in court on Wednesday after... 60 Shares 15 Texas Democrat to challenge Cruz:... Rep. Beto O’Rourke (D-Texas) will announce on Friday that he’ll challenge... 54 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Ravindra Gaikwad Yogi Adityanath Virat Kohli Donald Trump Narendra Modi Home Academy Israel cenbank chief calls for infrastructure spending over tax cuts Shares1 Wed, 29 Mar 2017-07:12pm , Reuters Bank of Israel Governor Karnit Flug urged the government to use excess tax revenues to invest in infrastructure and education, rather than cutting taxes further. Israel's tax revenues have been higher than expected over the past year and stand to get a 4 billion shekel ($1.1 bln) boost from capital gains tax if Intel's planned $15.3 billion takeover of self-driving car tech firm Mobileye goes through this year. Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon have said they want to cut taxes further if revenues keep rising, but Flug said investment in jobs, education and infrastructure were more important for economic growth and current levels of investment "indicate a troubling picture". "It is clear that we don't want to lower taxes permanently because of increased collection from one-time factors, like the acquisition of Mobileye," Flug told reporters, noting Israel's level of taxation is relatively low. Kahlon cut corporate tax by one percentage point to 24 percent at the start of 2017, and the rate will drop to 23 percent at the start of 2018. Income taxes were also reduced. "There is a great preference for investment in infrastructure and education," Flug said. Israel's investment in infrastructure is low relative to other countries and "negatively impacts on the economy's growth potential," Flug said. At the same time, Flug said government spending per student is only about 75 percent of the OECD average and has led to Israelis performing poorly in tests of basic skills such as literacy, maths, writing and problem solving in a digital environment. Israel's economy grew 4 percent in 2016, higher than in most advanced economies, but is expected to slow this year. ($1 = 3.6240 shekels) (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read India No system to monitor private publishers: Upendra Kushwaha India New dental colleges to come up at 11 campuses across Maharashtra Academy Benefits of studying abroad on your resume India Parents petition govt to retain old engg CET pattern Academy IIT Roorkee hostel timings same for both boys & girls: AK Chaturvedi Academy Learn from Bangladesh on development: President Pranab Mukherjee advises Bihar, Jharkhand Related Can do away with English as third language: HRD minister How Israel’s digital libraries became a success Taking books to the therapist’s chair Video WATCH: Thirsssty! King Cobra drinks water from bottle in drought-hit Karnataka Watch: Yogi Adityanath's crackdown on illegal slaughterhouses hits UP's mass marriage festivities, only vegetable pulao in this feast! Watch | Bhaago Grahak Bhaago: Customer gets assaulted for pointing out cockroaches in cafe! View all Tags Israel Moshe Kahlon Benjamin Netanyahu MobilEye Intel Karnit Flug OECD SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News TIMELINE - South Korea's impeached President Park Geun-hye Post being thrashed Kenyan woman withdraws complaint Britain does not expect 50 bln stg Brexit bill-Davis Exclusive: Trump's "big data" consultant to meet Australian government TIMELINE-South Korea's impeached President Park Geun-hye Sport Soccer-Video referees set to drive major rule changes - IFAB Cricket-Scoring runs will help captaincy, says England's Root Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 30 WATCH | Miami Open: Rafael Nadal beats Jack Sock in quarters, Kei Nishikori out Brad Hodge tenders apology to Kohli, Indian fans after backlash Entertainment After Anushka Sharma, now Nawazuddin Siddiqui turns rapper! Sexual harassment row: TVF's Arunabh Kumar is now UNTRACEABLE, says Police Rishi Kapoor nostalgic as Regal Theatre shuts down today Abhay Deol starts work on his international project 'The Field' Blac Chyna slams ex Tyga for 'not paying child support' Money World's largest corporate Masala bond starts trading on London Stock Mumbai, Mar 30 (PTI) Money Market Operations as on Coffee Day Enterprises to raise Rs 150 cr via NCDs Kalpataru Power shares up 3 pc on Rs 1,200 cr orders win Grameen Koota raises Rs.250 crore from CreditAccess Asia @ 3/30/2017 12:04:40 PM Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Israel cenbank chief calls for infrastructure spending over tax cuts By Reuters Published: 09:38 EDT, 29 March 2017 | Updated: 09:38 EDT, 29 March 2017 e-mail JERUSALEM, March 29 (Reuters) - Bank of Israel Governor Karnit Flug urged the government to use excess tax revenues to invest in infrastructure and education, rather than cutting taxes further. Israel's tax revenues have been higher than expected over the past year and stand to get a 4 billion shekel ($1.1 bln) boost from capital gains tax if Intel's planned $15.3 billion takeover of self-driving car tech firm Mobileye goes through this year. Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon have said they want to cut taxes further if revenues keep rising, but Flug said investment in jobs, education and infrastructure were more important for economic growth and current levels of investment "indicate a troubling picture". "It is clear that we don't want to lower taxes permanently because of increased collection from one-time factors, like the acquisition of Mobileye," Flug told reporters, noting Israel's level of taxation is relatively low. Kahlon cut corporate tax by one percentage point to 24 percent at the start of 2017, and the rate will drop to 23 percent at the start of 2018. Income taxes were also reduced. "There is a great preference for investment in infrastructure and education," Flug said. Israel's investment in infrastructure is low relative to other countries and "negatively impacts on the economy's growth potential," Flug said. At the same time, Flug said government spending per student is only about 75 percent of the OECD average and has led to Israelis performing poorly in tests of basic skills such as literacy, maths, writing and problem solving in a digital environment. Israel's economy grew 4 percent in 2016, higher than in most advanced economies, but is expected to slow this year. ($1 = 3.6240 shekels) (Reporting by Steven Scheer; Editing by Susan Fenton) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Spice Up Your Drive! Victoria Beckham dusts off her vocal chords for a spin with James Corden in Carpool Karaoke Behind-the-scenes peek Khloe Kardashian puts on brave face and shows off figure in tight jeans after ex Lamar Odom claims she knew about his cocaine use and cheating Stephen Belafonte shares intimate 'threesome snap' with Mel B... amid claims the couple's 'open relationship' prompted their divorce Topless Katie Price exposes painful scars from eighth boob job as she confidently parades 32GG chest on beach during idyllic family holiday to the Maldives Pregnant Amal Clooney is the picture of elegance in red as she prepares to give war crime speech... after husband George gushed she is 'doing amazing' She's cracked it! Mum blogger Clemmie Telford taste tests M&S Easter eggs and picks the PERFECT chocolate treat for everyone in her life SPONSORED 'He was always the a-- wipe for Will Smith': Fresh Prince of Bel-Air's Janet Hubert jabs at cast reunion photo and calls Alfonso Ribeiro a 'media hoe'  George Michael's boyfriend Fadi Fawaz races to funeral after finding out about it at the last minute - but isn't allowed into the wake Friends and family only Blac Chyna flaunts impressive weight loss in corset and sheer skirt combination... amid accusing Tyga of not paying child support Slimmer than ever 'I don't know what makes you happy but it's not me': Megan McKenna left in tears as she and Pete Wicks FINALLY break up on TOWIE Now that's hot Coco! Rapper Ice T's racy wife leaves little to the imagination in racy lingerie shoot shared on her Snapchat One way to get attention The original ending for Disney's animated classic Frozen is revealed for the first time... and it doesn't turn out well for Elsa Not cool with fans Buckle up! Racy Perrie Edwards gets soaked in booze as Little Mix tease titillating Coyote Ugly-inspired music video for No More Sad Songs Skimpiest ensembles yet Braless Rita Ora shows off perky assets through sheer top as she just about protects her modesty with star pasties... before going for a dip in holiday snap EastEnders is not so Dyer without Danny: Producers baffled as 'TV show ratings are boosted after the badboy actor's shock departure' Little Mix's Jesy Nelson steals the spotlight in skimpy pants and sexy fishnet tights ahead of The Late Late Show appearance in LA Hollywood's first female studio boss on Angelina Jolie's daily drug tests, defending Mel Gibson and supporting Tom Cruise and Scientology All the colours of the rainbow! Scarlett Johansson stuns in glittery gown with plunging neckline at Ghost In The Shell premiere in NYC He's not worried! Justin Bieber struts around Brazil while showing off new tattoos and washboard abs... despite possibility of arrest TOWIE's Yazmin Oukhellou sizzles in plunging bralet as she puts on defiant display with beau James Lock... after viewers brand her a 'bunny boiler' Cold Feet cast celebrate saga's 20th anniversary with charming portrait as they plan SECOND reunion series IT is back... and will leave you screaming: Pennywise is more terrifying than ever in spine-chilling first trailer for Stephen King's IT She means business! Mel B heads to see her divorce lawyer in fierce thigh-high boots as she begins to set her split from Stephen Belafonte in stone Made In Chelsea's Stephanie Pratt going for gold with Team GB rugby player Ollie Lindsay-Hague as new couple make first public appearance Lovely in lace! Curvy model Ashley Graham looks sultry while posing in bras and panties for Canadian clothing chain Addition Elle Showed off curvy figure Cristiano Ronaldo's stunning girlfriend Georgina Rodríguez flashes a glimpse of bra from beneath sheer cami as she supports beau at ceremony Emily Ratajkowski struts in statement white boots and white trench coat as she shows off her model figure in LA 'He was always the a-- wipe for Will Smith': Fresh Prince of Bel-Air's Janet Hubert jabs at cast reunion photo and calls Alfonso Ribeiro a 'media hoe'  Couples that dress together... Spencer Matthews sports bizarre camo jacket and baker boy cap as he co-ordinates with rumoured flame Vogue Williams Chris Martin's girlfriend Annabelle Wallis goes braless in a bold dress with a daring lace inset for CinemaCon 'I'm honoured to have been part it': Ben Caplan quits Call The Midwife to pursue 'edgier' roles... but is 'sure' he and Miranda Hart will return Life's a beach! Ireland Baldwin kicks off bikini season as she flashes toned physique during surfside photo shoot  Showed off toned physique Jess Wright's little sister Natalya, 16, threatens to upstage her TOWIE star sibling as they make a stylish pair at Kinky Boots gala performance Adam Thomas 'quits Emmerdale after eight years in order to pursue his dream of hosting his own television show' I'm A Celeb favourite is departing the Dales OGLE-box! Ex-Gogglebox star Sandi Bogle puts on an eye-popping display in VERY plunging top and extravagant tulle skirt at National Film Awards 'She is comfortable with an older guy': Jennifer Lawrence, 26, is 'mesmerized' by beau Darren Aronofsky, 48, as their relationship heats up US reality star Josh Murray gets police involved as split with Amanda Stanton turns nasty and she declares that 'he's the worst' Short and sweet! Jennifer Hudson shows off her trim legs in tiny mini dress as she joins contestants and judges in photohoot ahead of The Voice final Reality TV favourites Stacey Solomon, Natasha Hamilton and Stephanie Pratt replace Hollywood nominees on National Film Awards red carpet Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley shields her blossoming baby bump with sleek leather jacket as she touches down in South Korea 'Kris Jenner vibes!' Kim Kardashian channels her mum as she dons a short wig for a sexy photo shoot   Morphed into 'momager'  'We have a long way to go as women': Katie Holmes reveals Hillary Clinton's election loss hurt daughter Suri Cruise 'so much' Spoke on Sirius FM Chrissy Teigen steps out delicate camisole and ripped boyfriend jeans after trip to salon in Beverly Hills Enjoyed some March sunshine 'Always so special with my mini me': Kim Kardashian shares behind the scenes photos of daughter North backstage at Kanye's show Feuding stars Dwayne Johnson and Vin Diesel are 'separated' on press tour... as their film The Fate Of The Furious receives early praise Lucy Mecklenburgh dresses her svelte figure in a leather jacket and cobalt culottes for fashionable night out Looked a little more covered up than usual Lovely jubbly! David Jason, 77, and Nicholas Lyndhurst, 55, celebrate a lifetime achievement gong at the National Film Awards, 14 years after Only Fools and Horses  Cara Delevingne teases her model figure in a semi-sheer crop top as she dresses up for NYC outing Looked slick Kourtney Kardashian shows off tiny waist in clinging top and high-rise jeans as she leaves office in Calabasas Showed off her sensational figure A rip-roaring time! Patrick Schwarzenegger steps out in distressed denims with blonde galpal Abby Champion Dating for a little over a year Angelina Jolie had 'random drug testing' on 2001's Tomb Raider after her dad called her 'fragile' claims producer Sherry Lansing in tell-all '100 percent not true': Kris Jenner and Corey Gamble quash any rumors of a breakup after two years of dating Scoffed at split rumours  Victoria Secret Angel Romee Strijd flaunts slender physique in baby blue two-piece for photoshoot in Venice Hit the beach Playing with fire! Serena Williams sizzles in red bathing suit as she soaks up the sun during tropical getaway   In a revealing costume 'Gary's got a girlfriend': Former Geordie Shore star Ricci Guarnaccio weighs in on Gaz Beadle and Sam Frost after THAT cosy photo Legs for days! Chloe Grace Moretz shows off her slim pins in tiny shorts as she leaves gym in West Hollywood Dressed in all-black  'Such a shame': RHOS' 'beauty expert' Matty Samaei says Kylie Jenner is 'too young' for enhanced pout but denies lip fillers made her 'speak funny' Made In Chelsea star Rosie Fortescue rocks a psychedelic minidress with a sexy backless twist Couldn't be missed  Christina Milian rehearses with rapper MC Harvey in LA... ahead of their London concert on June 2 PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Cara Delevingne flashes sideboob and toned tummy in revealing vest top for Puma campaign Elton, Macca and a gormless rock legend ... It's a smash hit! Christopher Stevens reviews last night's TV Natasha Hamilton experiments with lustrous Rapunzel locks at National Film Awards... after debuting trendy new choppy bob just last week 'I've had nothing but happiness for you': Charlie King reconciles with Bobby Norris on TOWIE... as they meet for first time since he came out Pulling a page out of the Housewives Playbook! Andy Cohen compares Donald Trump to the drama-stirring women of his Bravo franchise  Kate, Wills and Prince Harry team up with celebrities including Ruby Wax for a series of films about mental health for their Heads Together campaign I've been trained to help with mental health issues, says Harry: Prince reveals he attended two-day course  So happy! Emma Roberts wears her engagement ring as she breaks into laughter on a stroll with on-off fiancé Evan Peters  Jude Law's ex Catherine Harding looks almost unrecognisable two years after giving birth to their daughter... as she pays tribute to their two-year-old 'You're a b***h!': Blac Chyna SLAMS ex-fiancé Tyga as she accuses him of not paying child support in lengthy foul-mouthed rant What will Kim say?  Ferne McCann flaunts her peachy posterior in a polka dot bikini as she gets playful on romantic holiday in the Maldives with boyfriend Arthur Swanning around She's all shook up! Vanessa Hudgens rocks hoodie featuring Elvis Presley's iconic eyes as she shops in LA All eyes on her 'I've just lost my job': Hollyoaks star Kieron Richardson runs off This Morning set after he appears to let slip that HIS character is behind Amy Barnes' murder Beauty in blue! Youthful Naomi Watts, 48, highlights her svelte frame in chic striped frock at film event in Las Vegas 'Time to come home': Katie Waissel's mum urges her to fly back to the UK... after the X Factor star fumed her husband had been 'f**king their neighbour' 'I have to make it up to her!' Zac Efron invites Paris Jackson to Baywatch premiere after unknowingly breaking her heart when she was 10 The Mindy Project star Adam Pally 'arrested in New York for drug possession after getting caught with marijuana and cocaine' Busted in New York  See what you're missing, Lewis! Newly single Marnie Simpson showcases her body in provocative new lingerie shoot... as she moves on from messy split Phillip Schofield is reunited with Going Live! host Sarah Greene after 24 YEARS... as viewers marvel that she 'hasn't aged a day' Hardly changed 'Not a bad view': Geordie Shore's Gary Beadle shares cheeky snap of girlfriend Emma McVey's perky posterior before stripping off to flaunt ripped physique Blooming gorgeous! Charlize Theron sports purple floral dress at CinemaCon 2017 event to promote The Fate of the Furious Never Bean better! Rowan Atkinson, 62, and girlfriend Louise Ford, 33, look loved-up as they enjoy romantic stroll Together two years Great advertisement! Olivia Culpo looks like a million dollars after stepping out of Santa Monica spa in tiny dress Perfect pins  EXCLUSIVE: 'Greg loves my massive bum': Jennifer Metcalfe says her man adores her changing shape as she likens her pregnancy to a 'relentless hangover' Daisy Lowe covers up her enviable figure on casual dog walk in London... after admitting Strictly Come Dancing heightened her body confidence 'They are totally different!': David Beckham sparks furious backlash from fans in Hong Kong as he gushes over great holiday in 'China' Alec and Hilaria Baldwin hug it out during walk with baby Leo after he raved about being 'in love' with three of his SNL co-stars Had explaining to do  Cara Delevingne kicks serious butt in new action packed trailer for $180million 3D sci-fi movie Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets TOWIE's Megan McKenna cuts a casually chic figure at filming... as Amber Turner puts on a leggy display in a glamorous shirt dress and heels 'I spend less than five minutes in front of the mirror!' Follow actress and new mom Amanda Seyfried's beauty hacks so YOU can get out the door faster Cristiano Ronaldo comes face to face with questionable statue as he hits back at critics who opposed Madeira airport being named in his honour Boasting a sunny disposition! Rita Ora flaunts her ample assets and toned midriff in miniscule yellow bikini as she enjoys Maldives getaway Chef Gordon Ramsay reveals the one thing he will NEVER eat (and when you find out why, you might avoid it too)  Cheryl Burke arrives for first day of Dance Moms... as bitter Abby Lee Miller says she's expects the show's producers to fawn over her 'hot' replacement Love Island's Olivia Buckland is barely recognisable in bevy of sexy throwback snaps as she rocks dark chestnut locks with deep tan She never hits a bum note: Little Mix's bikini-clad Perrie Edwards shows off her very peachy posterior as she shares extremely provocative photo Goddess in green! Jordana Brewster stuns in two separate emerald ensembles as she promotes latest partnership in NYC She knows what she likes! Rumer Willis wears almost identical dresses two days in a row to promote Empire's new season Similar style  F-bomb explosion! Eden Sassoon and Lisa Rinna have an epic foul-mouthed meltdown in sneak peek of The Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills   Some like it yacht! Bikini-clad Chloe Green puts on a busty display as she soaks up the sun while cosying up to a mystery man on boating trip Earl Spencer takes his (third) wife to the pictures: Couple visit event at the National Portrait Gallery  Date night  Curvy model Iskra Lawrence looks sensational in a bubblegum pink swimsuit as she poses on sun-drenched pier in throwback snap Hello petal! Kirsten Dunst shows off extremely toned legs in floral print mini dress at CinemaCon 2017 Pretty as a picture  The Oscars will RETAIN PwC accounting firm despite epic Best Picture blunder involving Warren Beatty and Faye Dunaway . Wetting the baby's head early? Heavily pregnant Amy Childs indulges in a glass of prosecco as she gets her hair done at local salon Hopping for Holmes! Katie beams alongside daughter Suri who cradles baby kangaroo as she flaunts her lean legs in white frilly frock Nicki Minaj nearly spills out of striped bikini as she sits atop a unicorn pool toy in Gucci Mane Make Love music video A cut above: Bella Hadid looks every inch the sophisticated model as she steps out of New York City hair salon in all-black ensemble Always runway ready Dressed to kill: ARLENE PHILLIPS on handbag secrets (and her biggest fashion faux pas) 'She doesn't want a circus': New mum Cheryl, 33, 'eyes low-key wedding with beau Liam Payne, 23, as she's already been divorced twice' Head-over-heels in love! Joe Manganiello believes he and wife Sofia Vergara 'were put on the planet to be with each other' Married for two years That's her date! Jasmine Tookes holds hands with boyfriend Juan David Borrero as she rocks clingy blue dress during night out in Hollywood Rachel Stevens emerges for the first time since being unveiled as first contestant on new series of Celebrity MasterChef Boris Becker's wife Lilly, 40, goes make-up free as she flaunts her slender frame in skin-tight leggings for day out in Chelsea A casual day out  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Vanderpump Rules' Stassi Schroeder parades her figure in nude swimsuit after discovering confidence with plastic surgery High wire act gone wrong: Kristen Bell dangles awkwardly in the air during duet with James Corden on The Late Late Show 'Nice Butte': Amy Schumer shares snap of herself on the toilet as she and beau Ben Hanisch play tourists in Utah wilderness Bringing the wow factor! Priyanka Chopra shows off ample cleavage in skin tight dress as she films Quantico Buffy reunion! Sarah Michelle Gellar and David Boreanaz team up again to lead Vampire Slayer 20th anniversary celebrations with cast Another bite of success 'Is someone trying to kill me?': Jeremy McConnell accuses Stephanie Davis of 'putting a hit on his head' in series of disturbing posts Wheel of Fortune star Vanna White opens up about show's success, the 6500 dresses she's worn on air and why she regrets THAT Playboy shoot Nice Weather-field! Corrie's Catherine Tyldesley shows off toned figure in a skimpy scarlet bikini as she hits the beach in Dubai with her husband and son Real Best Friends Of Beverly Hills! Lisa Vanderpump and Kyle Richards share a playful moment as they say goodbye following dinner date Lee Daniels reveals his radically different AIDS-based story for Oprah Winfrey's Terms Of Endearment redo First made in 1983 Warren Beatty's wife Annette Bening 'ordered him to come home' on Oscar night after Best Picture fiasco... but he refused Passed wrong envelope Divorce can be fun! Sarah Jessica Parker and Molly Shannon share a laugh between takes while filming season two of dark HBO comedy Not a Bad Romance! Lady Gaga is hand in hand with new boyfriend Christian Carino as she celebrates her 31st birthday in Los Angeles Birthday girl went glam New romance revealed: This Is Us star Milo Ventimiglia is secretly dating New Jersey native Kelly Egarian 'I'm Bart Simpson, put her there, man!' Voice artist Nancy Cartwright blows an oblivious teen's mind as he tries to sell her cookies and she responds as Bart  Where's Johnny? Actor Depp reveals MUCH thinner features as he makes an entrance at Lady Gaga's intimate 31st birthday celebration Cookie on the beach! Empire star Taraji P Henson, 46, proves she still has stunning curves as she poses in a bikini Can sizzle with the best of them Former TOWIE star Elliott Wright goes shirtless as he joins his ample-chested fiancée Sadie Stuart in sexy plunging one-piece during Spanish holiday Green-fingered Mary Berry swaps pastries for planting as she teams up with Chris Evans to create a fruit and veg garden for the Chelsea Flower Show  EXCLUSIVE: Phil Collins expected to testify in nasty divorce battle between ex-wife - who is his current lover - and her soon-to-be ex-husband Katie Holmes wears same houndstooth coat THREE DAYS in a row as she promotes The Kennedys: After Camelot One hot mama! Kelly Rowland reveals slender frame and hint of side boob in skimpy one-piece as she dotes over son Titan, two, on beach outing Lamar Odom reveals Khloe caught him 'getting high' in motel room with another woman and 'tolerated' his cocaine use for two years of their marriage Lauren Jauregui of Fifth Harmony SLAMS 'invasive, scary, delusional, disrespectful' romantic fan fiction which pairs her with Camila Cabello Taking his lady out! Ryan Lochte grabs dinner in LA with pregnant fiancée Kayla after sexy photo shoot Quality time together Levon the tags! Elton John wears £3300 Gucci ensemble to leave Lady Gaga's 31st birthday party alongside husband David Furnish and son Zachary Santa Clarita Diet starring Drew Barrymore, Timothy Olyphant and Liv Hewson gets a second season order from Netflix 'He is very sorry to disappoint his fans': Eric Clapton, 71, forced to cancel two shows at the last minute as he battles onset of 'severe bronchitis' 'It's all my diet!' Jennifer Hudson reveals she doesn't do any exercise to maintain her incredible weight loss She has lost a staggering 80lbs 'I felt like I wasn't going to make it': Tinsley Mortimer reveals horrific details about abusive relationship... as she joins RHONY cast Radiohead's Thom Yorke, 48, and new girlfriend, 32, hit the Miami beach for day date... three months after the death of his ex partner of 23 years  'You're doing an amazing job with your beautiful kids': Twitter praises Rio as he talks of his children's grief... after documentary about loss of his wife Zooey Deschanel's hit show New Girl FINALLY reveals the full name of fan favourite Schmidt after six seasons... and it's not what you expect! Name on everyone's lips That'll leave a sour taste! Nigella Lawson's daughter Cosima Diamond shares TV chef's striking good looks at 23... but none of her winning charm Bikini-clad Uma Thurman looks happy and carefree as she cavorts with mystery hunk on the beach... after winning primary custody of her daughter 'I was mid-stream and I panicked!': Linda Robson urinated on the FLOOR of a train toilet in front of a shocked conductor after failing to lock the door  Tinkling the ivories! John Legend delights commuters at London's St. Pancras Station as he puts on an impromptu show on a street pianos Trouble already? Vanessa Grimaldi 'jealous of attention Nick Viall gets on DWTS' and has 'landed an agent to get acting jobs for more fame' 'I think the timing is exactly right': Mindy Kaling announces The Mindy Project will end with season six Renewed in the U.S. for a final season 'If you are reading this it's too late': Lily Allen is accused of 'scaremongering' after posting a string of anti-Brexit tweets as PM triggers Article 50 Chanel Iman flashes her tiny midriff in plunging satin crop top and high-waisted trousers as she joins beau Sterling Shepard for dinner date 'With my BFFs': Will Smith sends fans wild AGAIN as he shares more snaps from The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air reunion Reboot in the making? Not so reem! A shirtless Joey Essex throws it back to the 90s with his boy band curtains and double denim while shooting for his new clothing line Victoria's Secret model Taylor Hill shows off her toned abs in a camisole top as she steps out for a meal with boyfriend Michael Stephen Shank Meet my new bit on the side(boob)! TOWIE's Amber Turner remains steely as she sees giggling ex Jamie Reed and his busty squeeze Jade Lewis Who needs Tom Hardy? Now Professor Brian Cox crops up on CBeebies as a space expert on POSTMAN PAT (and mothers are delighted to see him)  'Some babies are scared of the dark': Riled Holly Willoughby defends mothers who breastfeed in public without covering during VERY heated debate Mi amor! Giggling Selena Gomez slips into a flirty black sundress as she enjoys a romantic stroll in Buenos Aires with The Weeknd 'Signature pose... got to do it!': Ice T's racy wife Coco Austin shares sneak peek at lingerie shoot in some VERY revealing pieces Not much material, girl Lock-ing down his beach body! TOWIE's James displays his chiselled torso and bulky biceps by going topless for gruelling workout in Turkey Kris Jenner, 61, 'splits from younger boyfriend Corey Gamble to focus on her family and their reality show' Instigated split after series of family dramas One Direction, five fortunes: Each member of the boy band is now worth at least £50million seven years after they nervously auditioned on The X Factor 'I need to actually be a father': Ed Sheeran reveals he will give up touring once he becomes a dad as he wants to be around for them  He's so Lucky! Blue Smith, 18, looks smitten as pregnant girlfriend Stormi Bree, 26, flaunts baby bump in plunging floral dress at H&M event Nicki Minaj flaunts her eye-popping assets in tiny bikini and thigh-high boots while lounging on unicorn float to promote titillating new video Make Love Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley keeps her growing baby bump under wraps in a chic grey coat as she prepares to jet off in style 'He has no idea what's going to hit him': Kate mingles with parents from George's new school at an art gallery and tells them: 'See you at the school gates!' She's a real work of art! Duchess of Cambridge wows in forest green lace and outshines the celebrity guests at National Portrait Gallery gala Baby got back! Khloe Kardashian shows off her famous derriere in skin-tight denim heading home from a visit to Kanye's studio It's all in the jeans Kim Kardashian and big sister Kourtney bundle up for dinner in Beverly Hills... after momager Kris Jenner's 'split from Corey Gamble' 'He's made me twerk!' Rosemary Shrager reveals unlikely skill thanks to Chopping Block co-host John Whaite... but slams 'new GBBO' claims Bathing beauty! Home & Away star Pia Miller showcases her model physique in a colourful string bikini and daisy dukes as she films iconic soap SPOILER ALERT: EastEnders' Denise's luck goes from bad to worse as she is forced to visit a food bank... and ends up cornered in an alleyway by Cora Fishing for compliments? Liam Hemsworth treats Miley Cyrus to a sushi date night...after rumours they secretly wed Still the perfect catch Gordon Ramsay drops the F-word 16 times in 30 minutes on The Nightly Show... as 300,000 MORE viewers switch off Is it curse-d? Meet me in St. Louis! Karlie Kloss cuts a sophisticated figure in chic black blazer as she travels to Missouri ahead of 'empowering' Express runway show 'She seemed to think her trip should have been covered by us': Denise Van Outen slams TOWIE's Chloe Lewis for pulling out of charity bike ride over money It's not quite Rock n' Roll... (but he likes it!) Mick Jagger's son shuns music career to be a Hollywood film director Turns 18 in May Has Michelle had her chips? Hopefully. But the cradle-snatcher's crash might mean Kathy or Kush will be sleeping with the fishes instead in EastEnders EXCLUSIVE Pregnant Binky Felstead shows off her beautiful bump... and insists she's in no hurry to lose baby weight when her daughter is born It's OK, Rio - there is nothing wrong with the stiff upper lip: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews ex-footballer's Being Mum and Dad documentary  Ruby Wax recalls how Donald Trump kicked her off his private jet in the 90s after she laughed at his intention to become President of the United States A love in full bloom! Sarah Paulson, 42, and girlfriend Holland Taylor, 74, enjoy romantic shopping session in LA  Rarely seen in public together 'I can't call them Casa and Amigos': George Clooney jokes pregnant wife Amal won't let him call twins after his tequila brand No toast to those names Braless Cara Delevingne ditches her trademark hoodie and trainers for vampish glam as she flashes endless legs in PVC mini at Cinemacon event Buff Baywatch star Zac Efron reveals how exercise has helped him stay sober as he opens up about his VERY gruelling fitness regime  Fighting fit Going dotty! Jessica Chastain looks stylish in a flirty polka dress and statement yellow heels at CinemaCon Looked sensational with a splash of colour Beautiful in blue: Pixie Lott oozes sophistication in demure sleeveless top as she attends H&M Conscious dinner in Los Angeles True blue Heartbroken Katie Waissel claims estranged husband has been 'f**king their neighbour'... as she discusses split after just one year of marriage Step aside Holly, Cheryl's coming for your crown! How the new mother is primed to out-earn the yummiest celebrity mummies with deals worth MILLIONS Chloe Grace Moretz displays her shapely legs in a pair of tiny navy shorts as she laps up the LA sunshine Headed out and flashed her pins A blooming lovely couple! Mark Wright makes wife Michelle Keegan laugh out loud as she stuns in a floral jumpsuit Out for a London stroll Hats off Windsor! Devon larks around with her fedora as she splashes around in the surf in skimpy white dress  Playful on the sand Sir Elton John was 'very upset' at falling out with George Michael over drugs warning, says friend DJ Paul Gambaccini made the claims  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Chloe Goodman flaunts her enviable curves in plunging bikini as she soaks up the Maldives sun with her sisters Lauryn and Amelia   'My most annoying TV husband': Piers Morgan reveals the cheeky birthday message and present he received from Susanna Reid on GMB 'They simply don't eat': Emma Thompson blasts Hollywood's 'terrible' anorexia problem (and once threatened to QUIT a film after a co-star was told to lose weight)  Puppy power! Madison Beer showcases her ample assets in tight black top as she hunts for pet pooch And they called it Puppy Love Make-up free Ashley Graham ditches the glamour in tight nude leggings as she arrives back in LA after Fiji swimsuit shoot Simply divine Fashion darling Alexa Chung leads style queens Rosamund Pike, Arizona Muse and Donna Air at the ultra-glamorous National Portrait Gallery Gala TOWIE's Megan McKenna shows off her eye-popping cleavage in plunging wrap dress as she shirks Pete Wicks love woes on girls' night out Popping out for dinner? Low-key Cat Deeley is pictured for the first time since bitter dispute with LA waiter who accused her of sabotaging his life MIC's Alex Mytton brings ex Jess Woodley to magazine launch... days after EXPLOSIVE 'drunken' row with girlfriend Lottie Moss His other blonde... Just popping out! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her wares in skimpy sports bra as she takes boy Mason to art class She's tum-thing else Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
GoodGearGuide TwitterFacebookGoogle+Log In Phones TVs Computing Apps Cloud Brand Centres Components Desktop PCs Laptops & Convertibles Monitors Networking & WiFi Security Servers & Storage Software & Services Tablets & eBook Windows Hardware & Software Batteries & Energy Blu-ray Cameras (Stills) Cameras (Video) Virtual Assistants Drones Gadgets GPS and Sat Nav Headphones & Earbuds Home Appliances Home Theatre & Entertainment Media Streamers Printers, Scanners & MFDs Set Top Boxes and PVR Smart Watch & Wearables Smart Home Software & Services Speakers VR and AR Wireless routers & networking Business Centre Business Center Home Cloud Cryptocurrency, Bitcoin & Blockchain eCommerce & Retail Fintech Govt. & Telecomms Hardware Innovation IoT Mobility NBN Networking Search Security Servers & Storage Software & Dev Whitepapers Games & Gaming Console PC More 3D Printing A.I. Car Tech Books Broadband Coding & Hacking Copyright & DRM Education Events Fashion Google Government Health Internet Kids & Toys Music & Audio NBN Netflix & SVOD New & Future Tech Privacy Quantum Computing Recycling & Green Tech Science & Space Social Media Sports Robots Tor & Darknet Travel Web/Geek/Nerd culture Wikileaks & Censorship Shop Good Gear Guide > News > Tested: Microsoft Edge is the only browser to run ... Tested: Microsoft Edge is the only browser to run Netflix in 4K But if you absolutely positively refuse to run Edge, yes, there is another option. Mark Hachman (PC World (US online)) on 30 March, 2017 00:01 0 - - - - print email IDG In 2016, Microsoft made headlines by boasting that Microsoft Edge was the only major browser to run Netflix in 1080p. As part of the Windows 10 Creators Update, Edge has now made the jump to 4K, and it’s the first major PC browser to do so. To test the feature, we fired up Netflix within Chrome, Opera, Firefox, and Edge. Edge—as well as the Windows 10 Netflix app that you can download from the Microsoft Store—appears to be the only way to run 4K Netflix content on your PC. Still, there’s a catch: Besides the fact that you’ll need either an external 4K monitor or native laptop display, your PC or laptop will need to have an Intel Kaby Lake CPU. Fortunately, we have such a laptop: the lovely HP Spectre x360 15, with a Core i7-7500U chip inside and a true 3840x2160 display. IDG / Mark Hachman Using the diagnostic tools within Netflix, we can see that Edge is streaming in 4K. (Unfortunately, it seems that DRM or other technical limitations block screenshots, so we used a camera instead.) Click the picture to zoom in. When properly configured, Netflix will fill that display with some truly beautiful pixels. Just make sure you’ve upgraded your Netflix account to a plan capable of 4K, which costs $11.99 per month instead of the usual $8.99/mo. You’ll also need a high-speed data plan from your ISP—if you enlarge the graphics accompanying this story, you’ll see that Netflix was pushing a whopping 269Mbps of video data in our test. That’s about the limit of Comcast’s Extreme 250 internet plan, which costs around $70 per month in the San Francisco Bay Area. And if you choose not to run Edge? Well, then it’s back to a lowly 720p experience for you, sorry to say. In our tests, using the hidden menu options within Netflix, I was able to confirm that Chrome, Opera, and Firefox all rendered Netflix, but only at a maximum resolution of 1280x720.  IDG / Mark Hachman Though Netflix is still feeding the browser 4K levels of throughput, Opera, Chrome, and Firefox are only able to output Netflix at 720p. Edge skeptics should note, however, that Microsoft's browser has continued to improve. I've personally gone from being critical of Edge to now seeing it as a competent-to-good browser. (See more about my Edge assessment in our Windows 10 Creators Update review.) Fortunately, you don’t have to do a single thing to get Microsoft Edge—if you own Windows 10, you automatically own the browser. Why this matters: Microsoft has worked hard to convince users that Edge’s early performance problems were an anomaly. Microsoft Rewards will “pay” you for using Edge, Cortana’s baked right in to the browser, and Edge now supports e-reading EPUB books, too. Providing 4K Netflix support is just the latest way Microsoft hopes to convince you to switch browsers. Sure, Chrome, Firefox, and Opera have their own advantages. But these sorts of “exclusives” probably help Edge’s reputation the most. Windows 10 / HP Spectre x360 More from Microsoft Windows 10 Join the Good Gear Guide newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags MicrosoftWindows 10Microsoft Edge Our Back to Business guide highlights the best products for you to boost your productivity at home, on the road, at the office, or in the classroom. Keep up with the latest tech news, reviews and previews by subscribing to the Good Gear Guide newsletter. Mark Hachman PC World (US online) Tweet Print this article Email this article Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Broadband Speed Test Essentials Epson EcoTank Expression ET-2500 Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® S57 USB 3.0 flash drive Learn more > UE Boom 2 Bluetooth speaker Learn more > Everki ContemPRO Roll Top Laptop Backpack Learn more > Smart LED Bulb LB130 Learn more > Linksys AC5400 MU-MIMO Gigabit router Learn more > Epson WorkForce ET-4550 Learn more > Samsung portable 1TB T3 drive Learn more > Microsoft L5V-00027 Sculpt Ergonomic Keyboard Desktop Learn more > Mobile Epson EB-1776W Learn more > Huawei Mate 9 Learn more > Logitech G403 Prodigy mouse Learn more > Belkin MIXIT Metallic Lightning to USB Cable Learn more > Acer Swift 7 Learn more > Google Daydream VR headset Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® S45 USB 3.0 flash drive  Learn more > Surface Book Learn more > 3SIXT Ultra HD Sports Action Camera Learn more > Lexar® Portable SSD  Learn more > Epson WorkForce DS-360W Learn more > Exec Blade 28 backpack by Arc’teryx Learn more > Garmin Fenix Chronos smartwatch Learn more > Dell Inspiron 5000 series 2-in-1 Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® C20c USB Type-C flash drive  Learn more > HD Pan/Tilt Wi-Fi Camera with Night Vision NC450 Learn more > Audio-Technica ATH-ANC70 Noise Cancelling Headphones Learn more > HP Pavilion x360 13” Learn more > Dell P2715Q Learn more > Lexar® Professional 1800x microSDHC™/microSDXC™ UHS-II cards  Learn more > Dell XPS 13 laptop Learn more > Surface Pro 4 Learn more > Budget Evapolar USB air conditioner review Learn more > Jabra Sport Pace earbuds Learn more > Smart Wi-Fi Plug HS110 Learn more > Canon EOS 1300d Learn more > Lifeproof Fre phone case Learn more > Boost Mobile SIM Learn more > Oppo R9s Learn more > Samsung 960 EVO M.2 hard drive Learn more > Back To Business Guide Click for more › Most Popular Reviews 1 ​Subaru XV 2017 review 2 ​Gigabyte Aorus GA-AX370-Gaming 5 AMD Ryzen AM4 motherboard review 3 ​Kogan curved 4K UHD 55-inch LED LCD TV review 4 ​Panasonic Blu-ray recorder PVR set-top box review 5 ​Garmin Fenix Chronos fitness tracker smartwatch review Latest News Articles LG G6 phone: full, in-depth review Sleek new Galaxy S8 phones feature facial recognition, Bixby intelligent agent 5 Samsung Galaxy S8 features Apple should steal for iPhone 8 Waze lets you order coffee and a donut from Dunkin' before you get there Windows 10 Creators Update review: Gaming, inking, and Edge win, while mixed reality loses Resources Business Centre The latest business news, reviews, features and whitepapers Online Shop Visit our shop for the best deals on hot products Videos Watch our video news and reviews from around the world Guides Comprehensive buying guides, features, and step-by-step articles PCW Evaluation Team Azadeh Williams HP OfficeJet Pro 8730 A smarter way to print for busy small business owners, combining speedy printing with scanning and copying, making it easier to produce high quality documents and images at a touch of a button. Andrew Grant HP OfficeJet Pro 8730 I've had a multifunction printer in the office going on 10 years now. It was a neat bit of kit back in the day -- print, copy, scan, fax -- when printing over WiFi felt a bit like magic. It’s seen better days though and an upgrade’s well overdue. This HP OfficeJet Pro 8730 looks like it ticks all the same boxes: print, copy, scan, and fax. (Really? Does anyone fax anything any more? I guess it's good to know the facility’s there, just in case.) Printing over WiFi is more-or- less standard these days. Ed Dawson HP OfficeJet Pro 8730 As a freelance writer who is always on the go, I like my technology to be both efficient and effective so I can do my job well. The HP OfficeJet Pro 8730 Inkjet Printer ticks all the boxes in terms of form factor, performance and user interface. Michael Hargreaves Windows 10 for Business / Dell XPS 13 I’d happily recommend this touchscreen laptop and Windows 10 as a great way to get serious work done at a desk or on the road. Aysha Strobbe Windows 10 / HP Spectre x360 Ultimately, I think the Windows 10 environment is excellent for me as it caters for so many different uses. The inclusion of the Xbox app is also great for when you need some downtime too! Mark Escubio Windows 10 / Lenovo Yoga 910 For me, the Xbox Play Anywhere is a great new feature as it allows you to play your current Xbox games with higher resolutions and better graphics without forking out extra cash for another copy. Although available titles are still scarce, but I’m sure it will grow in time. Good Gear Guide Evaluation Team Featured Content LG G6 phone: full, in-depth review ​Subaru XV 2017 review ​Samsung Galaxy A5 2017 phone: Full, in-depth review Which flagship TV is best? Sony 4K HDR Bravia 2016 versus LG 4K HDR OLED 2016 10 Blu-ray movies / Best looking Blu-ray movies Latest Jobs Latest Jobs FTSocial Media ExecutiveNSW FTSenior Full Stack .Net Engineer, UI focus, Financial ServicesNSW FTSeeking all Java Developers!QLD FTTeam LeaderNSW CCSolution ManagerSA CCSenior Business AnalystNSW CCProcurement OfficerQLD TPFrontend Developer (React)NSW FTDatabase Modelling SpecialistVIC FTDevOps - Web AdministratorQLD FTProject ManagerACT CCProduct Design AnalystNSW FTDatabase DeveloperACT FTSenior Business Analyst - SuperannuationNSW FTBusiness Analyst (BI / Analytics)NSW CCFirewall EngineerNSW CCNetwork EngineerNSW FTSenior Network Engineer - Nexus 9k ACINSW CCApplication Support Specialist- Bathurst or Port MacquarieNSW TPBusiness Analyst | HealthQLD FTChange ManagerNSW CCAutomation Developer - LinuxNSW CCDesktop Engineer (Level 2 &3 )NSW FTICT Security AnalystQLD FTOracle DeveloperACT Back to top • Home Share this article: Twitter Facebook Google+ Log In Don’t have an account? Sign up here Product Categories Broadband Desktop PCs Digital Cameras Digital Video Gadgets Games GPS & Car Entertainment Headphones Home Appliances Home Entertainment Mobile Phones Monitors MP3 Players Networking Notebooks PC Components Printers & Scanners Projectors Security Servers & Storage Software & Services TVs Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. Copyright 2013 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Disclaimer Popular IDG articles NBN sends in field team to assess Cyclone Debbie impact computerworld.com.au Attack, detection metrics improve but security specialists warn against complacency cso.com.au How to work with millennials cio.com.au Nukon, Cognizant, and Toshiba nab TIBCO partner awards arnnet.com.au CMO's top 8 martech stories for the week - 30 March 2017 cmo.com.au Contact Us Advertise with us Editorial Contacts With over 25 years of brand awareness and credibility, Good Gear Guide (formerly PC World Australia), consistently delivers editorial excellence through award-winning content and trusted product reviews. Don't have an account? Sign up now Forgot password?
Subscribe ▲ Learn more about PCWorld's Digital Editions    🔎 Home News Reviews How-To Video Business Laptops Tablets Phones Hardware Security Software Gadgets Subscribe Resources PCs Phones Printers Ultrabooks Blogs Viruses Cameras Components Computer Accessories Consumer Advice Displays E-readers Flash Drives Graphics Cards Hard Drives Home Theater Input Devices Keyboards Laptop Accessories Mobile Networking Operating Systems Optical Drives Processors Servers Smartwatches Streaming Services Storage Tablets Windows Home Browsers Update Tested: Microsoft Edge is the only browser to run Netflix in 4K But if you absolutely positively refuse to run Edge, yes, there is another option. Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. By Mark Hachman Senior Editor, PCWorld | Mar 29, 2017 3:01 PM PT Software Windows 10 Creators Update Review: Microsoft makes it fun   (2:33) More for you to like: Review: HP Elite x3 Windows phone Review: HP Elite x3 Windows phone (2:26) Windows 10 Anniversary Update: The good, the bad and the 'meh' Windows 10 Anniversary Update: The... (3:57) Hands-on with Microsoft's Windows Ink Hands-on with Microsoft's Windows... (4:08) The top 5 features of Windows 10 The top 5 features of Windows 10 (2:22) Here's an Xbox One streaming games to Windows 10 Here's an Xbox One streaming games... The 3 most compelling reveals from Microsoft's Build 2015 keynote The 3 most compelling reveals from... The Creators Update may not have everything Microsoft promised, but what's there is fun: gaming, inking, e-reading and more. Windows 10 Creators Update Review: Microsoft makes it fun (2:33) More like this Microsoft’s dropped a huge Windows 10 Preview Build 15002 ahead of the... HP Spectre x360 15 (2017): This 15-inch convertible packs in premium features Asus Transformer Mini review: This 2-in-1 delivers good-enough computing on... Video Windows 10 Creators Update Review: Microsoft makes it fun In 2016, Microsoft made headlines by boasting that Microsoft Edge was the only major browser to run Netflix in 1080p. As part of the Windows 10 Creators Update’s blitz of new features, Edge has now made the jump to 4K, and it’s the first major PC browser to do so. To test the feature, we fired up Netflix within Chrome, Opera, Firefox, and Edge. Edge—as well as the Windows 10 Netflix app that you can download from the Microsoft Store—appears to be the only way to run 4K Netflix content on your PC. Still, there’s a catch: Besides the fact that you’ll need either an external 4K monitor or native laptop display, your PC or laptop will need to have an Intel Kaby Lake CPU. Fortunately, we have such a laptop: the lovely HP Spectre x360 15, with a Core i7-7500U chip inside and a true 3840x2160 display. [ Further reading: Our best Windows 10 tricks, tips and tweaks ] IDG / Mark Hachman Using the diagnostic tools within Netflix, we can see that Edge is streaming in 4K. (Unfortunately, it seems that DRM or other technical limitations block screenshots, so we used a camera instead.) Click the picture to zoom in. When properly configured, Netflix will fill that display with some truly beautiful pixels. Just make sure you’ve upgraded your Netflix account to a plan capable of 4K, which costs $11.99 per month instead of the usual $8.99/mo. You’ll also need a high-speed data plan from your ISP—if you enlarge the graphics accompanying this story, you’ll see that Netflix was pushing a whopping 269Mbps of video data in our test. That’s about the limit of Comcast’s Extreme 250 internet plan, which costs around $70 per month in the San Francisco Bay Area. (Reader Scott Landry notes correctly that you don't need this bandwidth to stream at 4K, just 25 Mbits/s or higher, according to Netflix.) And if you choose not to run Edge? Well, then it’s back to a lowly 720p experience for you, sorry to say. In our tests, using the hidden menu options within Netflix, I was able to confirm that Chrome, Opera, and Firefox all rendered Netflix, but only at a maximum resolution of 1280x720.  IDG / Mark Hachman Though Netflix is still feeding the browser 4K levels of throughput, Opera, Chrome, and Firefox are only able to output Netflix at 720p. Edge skeptics should note, however, that Microsoft’s browser has continued to improve. I’ve personally gone from being critical of Edge to now seeing it as a competent-to-good browser. (See more about my Edge assessment in our Windows 10 Creators Update review.) Fortunately, you don’t have to do a single thing to get Microsoft Edge—if you own Windows 10, you automatically own the browser. Why this matters: Microsoft has worked hard to convince users that Edge’s early performance problems were an anomaly. Microsoft Rewards will “pay” you for using Edge, Cortana’s baked right in to the browser, and Edge now supports e-reading EPUB books, too. Providing 4K Netflix support is just the latest way Microsoft hopes to convince you to switch browsers. Sure, Chrome, Firefox, and Opera have their own advantages. But these sorts of “exclusives” probably help Edge’s reputation the most. Updated at 3:00 PM to clarify the amount of bandwidth needed to stream Netflix in 4K. To comment on this article and other PCWorld content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: Browsers Windows Windows 10 Microsoft Edge Microsoft As PCWorld's senior editor, Mark focuses on Microsoft news and chip technology, among other beats. Follow You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon PCWorld PCWorld helps you navigate the PC ecosystem to find the products you want and the advice you need to get the job done. About Us Contact Us Digital Edition Customer Service Gift Subscription Ad Choices Newsletters Privacy Policy RSS Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships PCWorld CATEGORIES Business Laptops Mobile PC Hardware Printers Security Software Videos Windows IDG Network Sites Advertise Careers at IDG Creative Lab IDG Permissions IDG Consumer & SMB Knowledge Hub Macworld TechHive Get PCWorld's Digital Editions Subscribe Now Follow us    Visit other IDG sites: Select One CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDG Connect IDG TechNetwork IDG.tv InfoWorld IT News ITworld JavaWorld Network World PC World TechHive The Industry Standard Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc.
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health MACH Tech Science BETTER Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing America's Heroin Epidemic Christie Bridge Scandal TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR Your Business Inspiring America NBCBLK28 Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Politics First Read Congress White House Justice Department National Security Politics Mar 29 2017, 8:35 am ET The Next Big Election Is Less Than Three Weeks Away by Chuck Todd, Mark Murray and Carrie Dann Share Share Tweet Comment Email Print advertisement First Read is a morning briefing from Meet the Press and the NBC Political Unit on the day's most important political stories and why they matter Play Facebook Twitter Embed Paul Manafort's business ties: New questions surround ex-Trump campaign manager 3:27 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog <iframe src="http://www.nbcnews.com/widget/video-embed/909037635616" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> The next big election is less than three weeks away The special congressional election in Georgia to fill the seat vacated by HHS Secretary Tom Price takes place on April 18 (early voting has already started) — and it's a canary in the coal mine for next year's midterms, as well as a referendum of sorts on President Trump. It most likely will go to a June 20 runoff if no one gets more than 50% of the vote on April 18, but there is a chance that Democrat Jon Ossoff, a former congressional national security staffer, could get close to that percentage. Ossoff's ads have directly targeted Trump. "Donald Trump doesn't represent our values," Rep. John Lewis (D-GA) says to the camera in one of these ads. "That's why I'm supporting Jon Ossoff." In another ad, Ossoff says, "When President Trump embarrasses our country or acts recklessly, I'll hold him accountable." Republicans first targeted Ossoff by resurfacing video of him drinking and acting out as Han Solo during his college days. And now a Republican outside group has doubled its spending with this ad tying him to Nancy Pelosi. A reminder: Special elections don't always predict what will happen in the midterms Democrats winning this race would send shockwaves through Congress, given that HHS Secretary Price carried this Atlanta-area district with 62% of the vote in 2016, although Trump won it by just one point (48%-47%). The bad news on the timing of this special election for the GOP: It's coming at such a low point for Trump and Republicans. The good news: If they lose this race, it will open every Republican's eyes about the political environment — and a year and a half before the 2018 midterms. The crowded GOP field to replace Tom Price includes former Georgia Secretary of State Karen Handel, state Sen. Judson Hill, former state Sen. Dan Moody (whom U.S. Sen. David Perdue is backing in this new TV ad), and businessman Bob Gray (whom the Club for Growth, which is already attacking Handel, is supporting). But an important reminder: What happens in special elections doesn't predict the outcome of a midterm election. Indeed, back in 2010, Democrats won a highly contested special election to fill the seat of the late Rep. Jack Murtha (D-PA). But that Democratic victory didn't stop the GOP from its huge midterm victories that year. Play Facebook Twitter Embed Hillary Clinton slams Trump, Sean Spicer in late-night speech 3:27 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog <iframe src="http://www.nbcnews.com/widget/video-embed/909026883836" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> How Devin Nunes has effectively shut down the House Intelligence Committee The New Yorker's Ryan Lizza makes an important observation about the activities of — and controversies surrounding — House Intelligence Chair Devin Nunes (R-CA): They've effectively shut down the House panel after FBI Director James Comey's explosive testimony a week ago. "'We've been frozen,' Jim Himes, a Democratic representative from Connecticut who is a member of the Committee, said... "We're all still mystified. We get back on Monday and no information has been shared with Democrats, Republicans, staff," Himes [added]… He said that, since the bombshell claims by Comey and Rogers, 'everything has been about muddying the waters and stopping us from proceeding.'" The Senate's Intel panel is functioning, however: At 2:30 pm ET, the top Republican on the Senate Intelligence Committee (Sen. Richard Burr) and the top Democrat (Sen. Mark Warner) hold a joint press conference to provide an update on their committee's work. The Manafort-Cyprus connection One of the consequences of health care's early legislative defeat is that the political vacuum is being filled by lots and lots of Russia-related stories. And here's another from NBC News: "A bank in Cyprus investigated accounts associated with President Donald Trump's former campaign chairman, Paul Manafort, for possible money-laundering, two banking sources with direct knowledge of his businesses here told NBC News. Manafort — whose ties to a Russian oligarch close to President Vladimir Putin are under scrutiny — was associated with at least 15 bank accounts and 10 companies on Cyprus, dating back to 2007, the sources said. MORE: "At least one of those companies was used to receive millions of dollars from a billionaire Putin ally, according to court documents. Banking sources said some transactions on Manafort-associated accounts raised sufficient concern to trigger an internal investigation at a Cypriot bank into potential money laundering activities. After questions were raised, Manafort closed the accounts, the banking sources said." More: "Offshore banking in Cyprus is not illegal, and the island has long been known as a hub for moving money in and out of Russia. Several U.S. lawmakers have raised questions about Manafort's business dealings in Cyprus. A spokesman for Manafort told NBC News in a statement that all the accounts were set up at the direction of clients in Cyprus, a common banking center for Russians and Ukrainians, 'for a legitimate business purpose.'" Paul Ryan retreats on Planned Parenthood (for now)? This news via Morning Consult hasn't gotten enough attention: "House Speaker Paul Ryan said Tuesday there was a better way to eliminate federal spending on Planned Parenthood than attaching it to a must-pass measure next month to keep the government open. Rather than include a 'defund Planned Parenthood provision on the upcoming bill to fund the federal government, the Wisconsin Republican said Republicans still plan to use their budget reconciliation framework to overhaul health care to stop federal money from flowing to the women's health service provider. 'We think reconciliation is the tool because that gets it in law,' he said, referring to the budget tool that requires just a simple majority in both chambers to reach the president's desk. That's the way to go.'" Brexit becomes official NBC News: "Prime Minister Theresa May on Wednesday formally triggered a two-year process that will take Britain out of the 28-member [European Union] bloc. The move could radically redraw the country's political and economic landscape and exacerbate deep divisions among the electorate." Tom Perez's DNC asks for staffers' resignation letters "Democratic National Committee Chairman Tom Perez has launched a major overhaul of the party's organization, which has been stung by recent crises — and the DNC has requested resignation letters from all current staffers," NBC's Alex Seitz-Wald writes. "Party staff routinely see major turnover with a new boss and they had been alerted to expect such a move. However, the mass resignation letters will give Perez a chance to completely remake the DNC's headquarters from scratch. Staffing had already reached unusual lows following a round of post-election layoffs in December." Trump to launch effort to combat opioid addiction Per NBC's Kelly O'Donnell, "President Trump is expected to launch a commission Wednesday to address the nation's growing opioid addiction epidemic. An executive order will define the commission's directive to outline recommendations and plans for federal resources, according to sources with the planning. New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie will serve as chairman of the commission at the president's request, according to sources. President Trump is expected to play a visible role with the commission taking part in events around the country highlighting the crisis of addiction and need to expand treatment. Massachusetts Republican Gov. Charlie Baker and North Carolina Gov. Roy Cooper, a Democrat, who have each spoken out about confronting rising addiction and opioid related deaths in their states, are expected to also donate time to the effort." What were other presidents doing on March 29? Chuck Todd Twitter Facebook Instagram Mark Murray Twitter Carrie Dann Twitter Google Plus Topics First Read First Published Mar 29 2017, 8:35 am ET Next Story Trump Says He'll Work With Democrats, But Will Democrats Work With Him? advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
Skip to main content Menu Navigation Close Menu Search SyfyWire Features Original Video Interviews Bad Astronomy Chosen One of The Day Fangrrls lists opinion Podcast rankings Spotlight TV Recaps TV This Week Trending Bad Astronomy Marvel Fangrrls lists DC Comics opinion Logan science Sections About Us Contributors FAQ Feedback Newsletter Privacy RSS Feed Terms © 2017, SyfyWire. All rights reserved. Powered by Syfy Follow Facebook Twitter Youtube App Apple Android Search Search Close Search Menu SyfyWire Search terms Type to begin searching Sorry, no results. Check your spelling and try again. Articles Tags Close Search SyfyWire Trending Trending Topics Bad Astronomy Marvel Fangrrls lists DC Comics opinion Logan science Trending Articles star wars: The Last JediAT-ATStar Wars This classic Star Wars vehicle is getting an upgrade for The Last Jedi Bad AstronomyPlutoNew Horizons Goodnight, Pluto Star WarsDisney Disney is mapping out Star Wars movies all the way to the 2030s DC ComicsTitansDAN ABNETT Exclusive: Dan Abnett teases Titans Annual #1 with a super-sized preview Bad Astronomyclimate changeglobal warming When it comes to climate change, some people just want to watch the world burn Features Featured Topics Interviews Bad Astronomy Chosen One of The Day Fangrrls lists opinion Podcast rankings Spotlight TV Recaps TV This Week Featured Articles LegionTV Recaps It's time for war at last on the season finale of Legion PodcastThe ChurnThe ExpanseJames SA CoreyShawn Doyle The Churn Episode 9: Bobbie goes rogue while the Roci crew turns to a sketchy character in "Cascade" TV RecapsLegends of TomorrowThe CW Thawne is the world's greatest hero, while Flash is dead in the latest Legends of Tomorrow InterviewInterviewsGabby Riveraamericaamerica chavezMarvelsuperheroines monthOriginal Video Watch: Marvel's Gabby Rivera on America Chavez, breaking into comics FangrrlsComicswomen in comics 9 up and coming women comics writer/artists you should know Original Video Original Video Articles InterviewInterviewsGabby Riveraamericaamerica chavezMarvelsuperheroines monthOriginal Video Watch: Marvel's Gabby Rivera on America Chavez, breaking into comics ComicsColleen DoranSandmanDC ComicsOriginal Video Watch: Colleen Doran sketches Death from Sandman Ghost in the ShellOriginal Video Everything you need to know about Ghost in the Shell power rangersMIghty Morphin Power RangersOriginal Video Watch: Power Rangers cast on who should play Green Ranger Iron FistMarvelnetflixOriginal Video The best Flying Fists of Fury (and other touches) ComicsBatgirl and the Birds of PreyJulie and Shawna BensonThe Benson SistersInterviewInterviewsOriginal Video Watch: Comic writers The Benson Sisters on being female creators Fangrrls Fangrrls Articles FangrrlsComicswomen in comics 9 up and coming women comics writer/artists you should know Fangrrlspower rangersRita RepulsaChosen One of The Day Chosen One of the Day: Power Rangers' Krispy Kreme product placement FangrrlsanimeUnderrated GemsYakitate Japan Underrated Gems: Yakitate!! Japan Fangrrlsthe mighty captain marvelMargaret Stohl Exclusive: Mighty Captain Marvel soars into action with Margaret Stohl and Japanese Breakfast FangrrlsChosen One of The Daypower rangers Chosen One of the Day: Sexual tension in the Power Rangers movie Fangrrlspower rangersopinion Power Rangers isn't a good movie, but it's a great Power Rangers movie See All Bad Astronomy Bad Astronomy Articles Bad AstronomySpaceXFalcon 9RocketPrivate Space Exploration SpaceX plans to reuse a rocket booster for launch for the first time on Thursday Bad Astronomyclimate changeglobal warming When it comes to climate change, some people just want to watch the world burn Bad AstronomyPlutoNew Horizons Goodnight, Pluto Bad AstronomyBlack HoleGravitational WavesHubble Space Telescope A 3 billion solar mass black hole rockets out of a galaxy at 8 million kilometers per hour. Yes, seriously. Bad Astronomyglobal warmingclimate changeArcticantarctica Our planet is melting at both ends: Arctic and Antarctica hit record low ice extents Bad AstronomyStarsRogelio Bernal AndreoGemini One star, two star, red star, blue star See All Wonder Woman Wonder Woman Articles justice leagueZack SnyderDC Cinematic UniverseTrailersWonder WomanBatmanAquaman A bold age of heroes arrives in brash new Justice League trailer justice leagueAquamanBatmanThe FlashWonder WomanCyborgWarner Bros. The Justice League unites in new teaser clips, character posters ComicsWonder WomanPhil JimenezOriginal Video Watch: Comic artist Phil Jimemez draws Wonder Woman DC ComicsPhil JimenezWonder WomanOriginal Videosuperheroines monthInterviewInterviews Watch: Phil Jimenez digs into why he connects with Wonder Woman artemisWonder WomanPatty Jenkinssuperheroines month Here's who's playing the super-lady Artemis in DC's Wonder Woman Wonder WomanDC ComicsDC Cinematic UniverseTrailerssuperheroines month Wonder Woman trailer breakdown: What we learned See All Powered by Syfy Facebook Twitter Youtube View Latest Close Latest Administration The FlashTV RecapsThe CW Abra Kadabra, Gypsy and a shocking death in the latest Flash Trent Moore Wed, Mar 29, 2017 7:00am Spoilers ahead for "Abra Kadabra," the latest episode of The CW's Flash! The short version: Abra Kadabra comes to town to steal stuff and reveals he knows the identity of Savitar. Gypsy is also hunting him down to face death for crimes back on her Earth. After a few jailbreaks and a sweet fight, Kadabra is caught and goes with Gypsy. He doesn't reveal Savitar's identity. Sigh. The good: Euro-trash Kadabra wasn't terrible, Joe breaks your heart, the Easter eggs, that ending In bringing the classic Flash baddie Abra Kadabra to live action, the TV team took a few liberties with the character's look. Sure, it was a bit on the weird Euro-trash side, but they really got the heart of the character right. Kadabra is from the far future and has such advanced technology that it seems like magic to those of us in 2017 (but it apparently can't overcome the mighty power of a pair of handcuffs, whatever). David Dastmalchian does a heck of a job with this version of Kadabra, and since we know Flash will butt heads with him quite a lot in the future, we hope to see him return at some point in the future. Having Kadabra bouncing around the multiverse to steal enough tech to build his own time machine was also a nice touch, giving him a clear motivation. Dude just wants to get home. It's simple, but it works. Man, Joe was ripping on all the heart strings in this one. He goes toe-to-toe with Kadabra to try to trade him freedom for the identity of Kadabra, then gets into a screaming match with Gypsy when it all goes sideways. Seeing Joe utterly defeated and on the verge of tears because he can't save Iris was heartbreaking stuff, and Jesse L. Martin was laying it all out on the table. Moral quandary or not, dude is trying to save his daughter. Whatever it takes. With the focus so often on Barry, Iris and the younger members of Team Flash, it's great to see Joe get a bit of screen time to see how he's grappling with Iris' imminent demise. With Kadabra being from the future, he had quite a bit of intel to drop in regards to where things could be going for Barry Allen once he gets a few more seasons under his belt. He tells him he does beat Savitar, but only after Iris dies. Then, one throwaway line that was almost certainly not a throwaway line? "DeVoe." When listing off a few of The Flash's greatest enemies, Kadabra mentions the usual offenders like Thawne, Zoom and Savitar. But he also name-drops DeVoe, aka the Thinker. He's been kicking around DC Comics since the 1940s and has been reimagined more than a few times along the way. With the producers saying next season's big bad wouldn't be a speedster (DeVoe has telekinesis and mind control in most incarnations), it stands to reason that could be an Easter egg for next season. So, make a note. Phew, how about that ending? First off, Caitlin being tough enough to provide instructions for her own surgery was bad-ass. Straight up. But, when the post-credit stinger scene was just Caitlin and Cisco kidding around, you just knew they were setting up something horrific. Then, Caitlin died. Of course, you knew someone would rip off her power-blocking necklace at some point, but still. It was tough to watch. But they played that scene straight, and it worked well. The bad: Cisco and Gypsy, Kadabra goes down a bit too easily The little flirtation between Cisco and Gypsy has been a fun subplot, but the two seemed to be on different shows in this one. Cisco was his jokey self while Gypsy was understandably hardcore about trying to bring Kadabra to justice (it's revealed he killed her partner a few years ago). It made sense, but the juxtaposition just seemed weird in this instance. Plus, c'mon, stop with the teases and let this thing go somewhere. Or not. Hopefully so, but still. It needs a bit of momentum. Looking back to the comics, Kadabra is a fairly powerful rogue in The Flash's canon — and we're told he'll do battle with future Flash many times down the line. So, how is it that young Barry is able to take him down in under an episode? While future Barry apparently can't manage to pull it off all the times they've tangled in the years to come? It makes sense they have to give the episode some resolution somehow, but it's a bit hard to believe that a rookie Flash could do something the veteran never managed. Which, you know, is kind of a theme in this show. Which brings us to our next point. Lingering questions So, as Barry points out, it seems most of his villains typically have the future on their side when facing off with Team Flash. Thawne knew what was coming down the line, and so did Kadabra. Now Barry has decided to jump to the future to try to get some leverage and understanding, and we're almost certain that will not go well. But man, it's going to be fun to watch. We also learned that Wells/Thawne left behind a super time machine battery, or whatever, that's been hiding in the time vault all this, err, time. It seems like it went into the time stream with Kadabra's empty ship. But who knows? Could be another one hiding around Star Labs somewhere. Killer Frost is back, and it doesn't look like it's going to be easy to get the genie back in the bottle this time around. With Caitlin having died and Frost regenerating her body to bring her back, she seems to have taken full control this time around. She's also loaded with icy cold powers. Between Barry turning to the future to Caitlin going ice queen (not to mention the lingering threat of Savitar), the final run of this season is really heating up. Or chilling out. Whatever, you get it. Up next: Barry messes around in the future and it looks rough. So does his hair. Dang, boy. Video of The Flash 3x19 Promo &amp;quot;The Once and Future Flash&amp;quot; (HD) Season 3 Episode 19 Promo Related Stories SupergirlMelissa BenoistRahul KohliThe CW 0 Latest Supergirl trailer reveals a first look at iZombie star as DC villain Biomax Nathalie Caron SupergirlThe CWTV Recaps 6 It's Supergirl vs. Teri Hatcher as Kevin Smith returns in the latest Supergirl Trent Moore Dany Roth RiverdaleRoberto Aguirre-SacasaAfterlife With ArchieSabrina the Teenage WitchThe CW 7 Riverdale boss teases Sabrina, zombies, and a big genre element for season 2 Nathalie Caron FangrrlsInto the BadlandsTV Recaps 6 This week, Into The Badlands looks to the past to move forward Carly Lane More from around the web Latest News Blog View Close Latest LegionTV Recaps 0 It's time for war at last on the season finale of Legion Matthew Jackson PodcastThe ChurnThe ExpanseJames SA CoreyShawn Doyle 0 The Churn Episode 9: Bobbie goes rogue while the Roci crew turns to a sketchy character in "Cascade" Cher Martinetti Adam Swiderski LegionInterviewNoah HawleyFX 0 Legion showrunner Noah Hawley explains those finale shockers and teases Season 2 Tara Bennett TV RecapsLegends of TomorrowThe CW 0 Thawne is the world's greatest hero, while Flash is dead in the latest Legends of Tomorrow Trent Moore TrailersStephen King's It 0 19 nightmarish moments from the new Stephen King's IT trailer Jeff Spry newsThe Handmaid's TaleAudiobooks 0 Margaret Atwood's The Handmaid's Tale gets a brand new chapter Geek Girl Diva ArcherAisha Tylerfxx 0 Exclusive: Aisha Tyler gets all torched up as Lana for Archer: Dreamland Kathie Huddleston The FlashGrant GustinThe CW 0 The Flash meets Future Barry, gets costume upgrade in latest Flash trailer Nathalie Caron Thor: RagnarokMarvelCinemaCon 0 Thor: Ragnarok footage debuts at CinemaCon Geek Girl Diva spaceastrophysics 0 Mysterious gamma ray burst 12 billion light-years away poses lots of questions Elizabeth Rayne The Blackcoats DaughterOsgood PerkinsAnthony PerkinsI Am The Pretty Thing That Lives In The Housepsycho 0 The Blackcoat's Daughter director Osgood Perkins on horror, genre filmmaking and his legendary dad Don Kaye Santa Clarita DietDrew BarrymoreTimothy Olyphantnetflix 0 Netflix orders a second helping of Drew Barrymore zombie series Santa Clarita Diet Nathalie Caron Spider-Man: HomecomingSpider-Man: Homecoming 2Marvel Cinematic UniverseAvengers: Infinity WarTom HollandSony Pictures 6 Spider-Man may not hang around the Marvel Cinematic Universe very long Don Kaye newsStar WarsThe Last Jedi 0 The first glimpses of Star Wars: The Last Jedi have been seen Geek Girl Diva InterviewInterviewsGabby Riveraamericaamerica chavezMarvelsuperheroines monthOriginal Video 0 Watch: Marvel's Gabby Rivera on America Chavez, breaking into comics Cher Martinetti FangrrlsComicswomen in comics 0 9 up and coming women comics writer/artists you should know Swapna Krishna scienceWorcester Polytechnic Institutenews 0 Beating human heart tissue can be grown on spinach leaves Geek Girl Diva ItStephen Kingmovie Trailers 5 The sewers aren't safe in sinister new trailer for Stephen King's IT Jeff Spry SleightJ.D. Dillardmovie Trailers 0 This latest trailer for Sleight will give you a lot of ‘Chronicle meets Iron Man’ vibes Nathalie Caron Wynonna EarpSyfy 0 Wynonna Earp returns to kill revenants and drink whiskey in June Tricia Ennis Valerian and the City of a Thousand PlanetsLuc BessonDane DeHaanCara Delevingne 0 The 7 most intriguing moments from the new Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets trailer Adam Swiderski Valerian and the City of a Thousand PlanetsCara DelevingneLuc Besson 8 New epic trailer for Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets is a visual feast for the eyes Nathalie Caron Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales 0 Javier Bardem talks about his new character in Pirates of the Caribbean 5 BTS featurette Jeff Spry Bad AstronomySpaceXFalcon 9RocketPrivate Space Exploration 0 SpaceX plans to reuse a rocket booster for launch for the first time on Thursday Phil Plait The FlashTV RecapsThe CW 8 Abra Kadabra, Gypsy and a shocking death in the latest Flash Trent Moore ComicsColleen DoranSandmanDC ComicsOriginal Video 0 Watch: Colleen Doran sketches Death from Sandman Syfy Wire Staff Spider-Man: HomecomingSpider-ManMarvel Cinematic Universelists 3 Spider-Man: Homecoming Trailer 2 breakdown: Everything we've learned so far Elizabeth Rayne Star Trek: Boldly GoIDW PublishingStar Trek 0 The Endeavour discovers a white hole in IDW's Star Trek: Boldly Go #6 Jeff Spry SupergirlMelissa BenoistRahul KohliThe CW 0 Latest Supergirl trailer reveals a first look at iZombie star as DC villain Biomax Nathalie Caron Fangrrlspower rangersRita RepulsaChosen One of The Day 7 Chosen One of the Day: Power Rangers' Krispy Kreme product placement Rebecca Pahle Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2Image of the DayJames Gunn 0 Image of the Day: James Gunn shares first billboard for Guardians of the Galaxy 2 Jeff Spry Secret EmpireSecret Empire: Opening Salvomarvel comicsCaptain America: Steve RogersThunderboltsu.S.AVENGERS 3 Marvel teases a Secret Empire prelude with three 'Opening Salvo' issues Matthew Jackson FangrrlsanimeUnderrated GemsYakitate Japan 0 Underrated Gems: Yakitate!! Japan Michelle Villanueva SupergirlThe CWTV Recaps 6 It's Supergirl vs. Teri Hatcher as Kevin Smith returns in the latest Supergirl Trent Moore Dany Roth WolverineX-MenHugh JackmanLogan 0 Watch Hugh Jackman slash his way through the X-Men movies in Wolverine supercut video Nathalie Caron spacescience 5 Nuclear spacecraft fuel could really blast off soon Elizabeth Rayne animationIron GiantTitan AEMonsters vs. AliensPlanet 51listsrankings 27 17 greatest animated sci-fi features in the galaxy, ranked Jeff Spry RiverdaleRoberto Aguirre-SacasaAfterlife With ArchieSabrina the Teenage WitchThe CW 8 Riverdale boss teases Sabrina, zombies, and a big genre element for season 2 Nathalie Caron scienceRailgunNavy 22 Check out this frightening test firing of the Navy's new EM railgun Jeff Spry Spider-Man: HomecomingSonyMarvelmovie Trailers 20 Tom Holland faces the Vulture in new Spider-Man: Homecoming trailer Nathalie Caron Fangrrlsthe mighty captain marvelMargaret Stohl 0 Exclusive: Mighty Captain Marvel soars into action with Margaret Stohl and Japanese Breakfast Tricia Ennis Bad Astronomyclimate changeglobal warming 61 When it comes to climate change, some people just want to watch the world burn Phil Plait Load More Close Sidebar
Skip to content GPS Tracking Info Just another NEWS site Uncategorized Mundo Entretenimento Negócios Desporto Uncategorized Mundo Entretenimento Negócios Desporto Intel Unveils 10, 22nm Processes By admin in Uncategorized March 29, 2017 Transistor-density metric proposed Rick Merritt, EETimes 3/28/2017 08:45 PM EDT SAN FRANCISCO – Intel will start making 10nm chips this year it claims will lead the industry in transistor density using a metric it challenged rivals to adopt. Separately, it announced a 22nm low-power FinFET node to compete for foundry business with fully depleted silicon-on-insulator from rivals such as Globalfoundries. At 10nm, Intel will pack 100.8 million transistors per square millimeter. It estimated 10nm foundry processes now in production from TSMC and Samsung have about half that density. Intel’s metric averages density of a small and a large logic cell. Specifically, it… Post navigation Meet the Cyclone Debbie baby born under emergency lights Dutch charity campaign raises €17.5m so far for famine relief Search for: Recent Posts Lana Del Rey announces new album “Lust for Life” Gorillaz confirm their first North American gig in 7 years Hawaii judge extends order blocking Trump ban Federal judge in Hawaii extends court order blocking Trump travel ban Amazon plans job cuts at Quidsi unit after losses Archives March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 Categories Ciência Desporto Entretenimento Mundo Negócios Saúde Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Copyright © 2017 GPS Tracking Info. All Rights Reserved. Theme by I Love WordPress
Contact Us Member LoginRegister New Account My 24-7 Press Release Account Media Desk for Journalists, Bloggers & Readers Products & Services Press Release Distribution Pricing & Distribution Plans Why Choose 24-7 Press Release? Where Does Your News Go? Take a Tour Editorial/Submission Guidelines Press Release Writing Writing Services Agency PReferred Program What is Agency PReferred Become an Agency PReferred Client News Releases Select News Type Today's News News by Industry News with Video Search News News by Date News Releases 2017 News Releases 2016 News Releases 2015 News Releases 2014 News by RSS RSS Feed Top News Industry Arts & Entertainment Business Computer Consumer Education Environment Fashion Home & Family Home & Garden Industry Internet Law & Legal Lifestyle Medical Sports Technology Media Desk Journalists, bloggers, and readers can now access our exclusive Media Desk for enhanced, personalized news searching and tracking. Partners Become a Syndication Partner Real-Time News Content Hosted Content Delivery Solutions News Widget RSS Host Content on Your Server FTP/XML Data Feed Apply Now Knowledge Base FAQ We have all answers to your questions about our products and services. VIDEOS Watch our videos to learn about what we have to offer. ARTICLES Our articles will guide you in writing attractive and successful press releases. DOCUMENTS View our help documents for tips and resources. Company About Us About 24-7 Press Release Executive Team Clients Newsletter Newsletter Sign-Up Affiliate Program Become an Affiliate What's New Newsroom Blog Testimonials What Our Customers Say Submit a Testimonial Toll Free Telephone 1-888-880-9539 Hours of Business M-F 8:30am - 5:00pm PST Follow Us Through Social Media All Press Releases for March 29, 2017 » Email This Story Printer Friendly PDF Version RSS Feed EAF LLC Announces the Release of a New Analysis of the Emerging Area of Silicon Photonics EAF LLC, a technology consulting firm, has releases a deep analysis of the Silicon Photonics market situation.     BOULDER, CO, March 29, 2017 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Silicon Photonics is the science and engineering used to leverage silicon semiconductor foundries to access to the vast knowledge, experience, and installed capital base in semiconductor manufacturing to produce photonic integrated circuits (PICs) with high yield, and low cost. As used in reference to commercial devices, Silicon Photonics is a finished product that includes use of silicon PICs and whatever else is needed to complete the desired product. The "modern era" of Silicon Photonics, meaning significant level of component integration in a single PIC, dates from around 2000; in the following 17 years, thousands of universities and dozens of companies have contributed to the technology, investing 10s of billions of dollars. This work is intended to provide a detailed understanding of the Business Situation regarding Silicon Photonics. Rather than market forecasts, the report focuses on the technology status, the many options open, and what that means to participants in the value chain. See: http://www.eaf-llc.com/silicon-photonics-market-situ/ In some cases, Silicon Photonics is taken to imply the silicon PIC is directly integrated with electronics to make a complete transceiver or other product. However, even research examples of that level of integration are rare, and full integration in a single wafer flow is very unlikely for some time, due to differences in the process node size used by Silicon Photonics (~65 nm node) today vs. state of the art electronics (14 nm or 10 nm node), among other reasons. Complete products based on Silicon Photonics thus require downstream integration, and there are some novel processes demonstrated such as integration on an optical interposer, or another substrate. In any case, chip to fiber coupling is a high risk area, having been demonstrated in only limited high-volume cases. The optical interface also points out the need for active optical and electrical test, which creates additional work flows compared to electronics. Additional process flows, downstream integration, test, and final packaging all add cost and risks. These seemingly simpler problems are viewed by industry experts as the main barriers to large-scale adoption of Silicon Photonics. Silicon Photonics is far from mature technology, and rapid evolution and improvements will occur over the next 10 years. The nascent state of Silicon Photonics technology creates risks to not only designers and foundries, but also early adopters. This manifested as the risk of paying too much for too little performance, impacting capital investment, capacity, or operating costs negatively compared to next-generation products. In the hyper-competitive cloud services market, decisions to go with new technology must be made with diligence. There is a level of risk that raises some concerns, especially for silicon providers (including fabless), packaging houses (or equivalent in a vertically integrated supplier), and early adopters. The underlying driver for all the investment and work in Silicon Photonics is the relentless increase in network and data center capacity demand, in turn driven by the internet. The challenge operators and providers are facing is that higher and higher data rates, from the chipsets to the intra-data center switches, are exceeding the limits of copper-based communication. Initially, the demand was met by migration to gigabit Ethernet, then 10 GbE, and now 25 GbE. At 25 Gb/s on a single channel (or copper trace, or single fiber) even the data movement in the server boards and backplanes is challenging. At the same time, data centers have become much larger, and the physical distance of the longest interconnect may be over 1 km. All of these factors make a transition to optical communication imperative and inevitable. It has already begun in many cases, and the challenge is now to create lower cost, smaller, lower power, and higher performance ports to connect from the severs on up in the data center fabric. 100 Gb/s in a 4x25 (4 fibers, 25 Gb/s per fiber) configuration will rapidly become the standard at the server backplane. At present, Silicon Photonics is viewed as the most likely solution to these challenges in cloud-scale data centers. There are several key points that should be kept in mind while reviewing this work or researching the Silicon Photonics market. - Relentless increases in data traffic drive huge increases in data movement within cloud data centers, pushing interconnect to higher speeds, already moving from 10 Gb/s per channel to 25 Gb/s per channel. Given the physical scale of cloud-scale data centers, at these speeds, photonics is the only feasible solution at present. - Before long, even data within the servers will need to be moved on photonic channels, and eventually from chip to chip. Silicon photonics is viewed as a path to integrate the needed photonic functionality with electronics without incurring large cost penalties and while lowering energy consumption. - Silicon Photonics can enable a new design paradigm for data center and server design, including a flatter network architecture. This implies some products are more likely to appear in new data centers sooner than upgrades, although upgrades will certainly take place. - Once a generation of photonically enabled servers is commercialized, costs will fall rapidly. In addition, prices for "traditional" data center hardware may fall in response. Enterprises and data center operators will need to make decisions even while the technology is still evolving. - Whether you are an IT consumer of hardware or services, or in some other part of the value chain, this report will help you frame your thinking and reduce the risk to your strategy of being unaware of possible huge shifts. Important ideas developed in this work include: - Silicon Photonics in some form can disrupt current on-offer data center interconnects, including some existing optical solutions. - The current market leaders are in good positions to ride the cost curve down somewhat, but companies like Intel and IBM may be better positioned because they have vertically integrated fabs and broader product offerings. - Over the last 10 years, a range of EU programs have been funded specifically to advance commercialization of photonics technology, including Silicon Photonics. One result is that STMicroelectronics is one of the few Silicon Photonics-capable foundries available. - A significant share of the market likely will be served by fabless companies leveraging commercial foundries. The barriers to this are limited foundry capabilities and design kits available at present. - Intel, IBM, NTT, Cisco, Fujitsu, Oracle and others are likely looking at long-term roadmaps with more integrated photonics of their own designs or sourced, including possibly at the chip to chip level. - Existing interconnect specialists are in the situation of either controlling their own destiny by adding Silicon Photonics offering, or watching prices get crushed anyway. - Fragmentation of the market poses a challenge to get enough share of the TAM to drive economies of scale. - There is nearly frenetic level of activity in the R&D community and in many start-ups. This is exemplified by the following figure, which charts the publication of papers related to light sources (lasers) for Silicon Photonics. Silicon Photonics has earned a place in the next generation data center optical communication solutions. The technology is ready to begin a life cycle similar to the Moore's Law trajectory followed by electronics integration. Rapid introduction of new solutions will occur in a very competitive market for the next 10 years, or more. In addition to the narrative analysis, the report includes a timeline history of developments in Silicon Photonic containing 446 entries from 2000 to 2017. All references are cited in the included bibliography, containing 792 entries with author, title, and web links. All players in the Silicon Photonics value chain should be making informed decisions today about how and when to participate, from fabless design houses to communication specialists to data center architects. See: http://www.eaf-llc.com/silicon-photonics-market-situ/ Table of Contents See: http://www.eaf-llc.com/table-of-contents/ Executive Summary Introduction Six years of "almost there" Focus on Data Center applications Metrics show frenetic activity Audience Business Implications Omnipresent Photonic Interconnects Applications and Architecture The New Moore's Law? Market Motivation Substitution Disruption? Let There be Hype Value Chain Implications Summary of Implications What This Technology Means to You The Elephant in the Room: Why do thks? Key Points 1-6 Photonic Integrated Circuits Light source integration PIC Material Platform Advanced modulation formats (Too?) Many Material Choices Silicon Photonics Technology Development--Status and Risk Data center fabric Maturity Metrics Not just Silicon Fab node paradox Manufacturing (fab process European leadership Rest of the World The Promise of Fully Integrated Solutions R&D perspective Light Source A wide range of possible solutions Light from Silicon Wavelength multiplexing Modulation Direct modulation Rings and racetracks: Microdisks Plasmonics Gratings, polarization, and other approaches Waveguides Polarization effects and control Optical power loss challenges Photo-transduction Beyond Si-Ge APDs Assembly/Packaging III-V integration additions to CMOS flow Group IV lasers Monolithic solutions (with additions to CMOS flow) Chip to fiber coupling Control Test Summary History of Silicon Photonics: Timeline (446 entries) Bibliography (792 references with links) Mr. Bateman leads EAF LLC, consulting in business analytics (including machine learning), strategy, market analysis, and tech due diligence, having over 30 years int'l experience, as well as developing syndicated research and writing for trade press.. He graduated in ChE w/Special Honors from the Univ. of Colo., later Certs in Quality Mgmt., Strategic Planning, Game Theory, Cryptography, Strategy Development, Competitive Strategy, and Finance (CU, Caltech, Stanford, Stanford MOOCs, Wash. Univ. in St. Louis, LMU Munich and UC Irvine MOOCs, resp.). After 10 years in govt. R&D (Deputy Director, Nat'l Meas. Lab,US DoC NIST, Chief, Chemical Eng. Division, NIST), Mr. Bateman helped several start-ups, then 13 years with Laird (VP of strategic markets & marketing). His experience includes Statistics, Machine Learning, Photonics, Electronics, Automotive, Antennas/RF; Strategy, Bus. Dev., and Product Dev. He has received 18 patents in Chemical Instruments, Antennas, and RF Design. # # # Contact Information Blaine Bateman EAF LLC Boulder, CO United States Voice: N/A E-Mail: Email Us Here Website: Visit Our Website Like This Story? I like it! 0 Tweets Disclaimer If you have any questions regarding information in this press release, please contact the person listed in the contact module of this page. Please do not attempt to contact 24-7 Press Release Newswire. We are unable to assist you with any information regarding this release. 24-7 Press Release Newswire disclaims any content contained in this press release. Please see our complete Terms of Service disclaimer for more information. Pricing & Distribution Agency PReferred Program Syndicate Our News News Widget RSS Feeds Affiliate Program About Us Contact Us Today's News News by Industry FAQs Testimonials Business Directory Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Connect with 24-7 Press Release: Accelerate Business Exposure with 24-7 Press Release Service. © 2004-2017 24-7Pressrelease.com. All Rights Reserved.
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Cloud Native Computing Foundation Announces Dell Technologies as Platinum Member {code} by Dell EMC builds on its commitment to open source, joins CNCF to accelerate adoption of cloud native environments News provided by CNCF Mar 29, 2017, 03:00 ET Share this article BERLIN, March 29, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- CloudNativeCon/KubeCon – The Cloud Native Computing Foundation, which is sustaining and integrating environments for applications optimized for cloud operating models, today announced that Dell Technologies is now a Platinum Member. The company joins existing Platinum members Cisco, CoreOS, Docker, Fujitsu, Google, Huawei, IBM, Intel, Joyent, Mesosphere, Red Hat, Samsung SDS and Supernap in the industry effort to advance cloud native technologies. Containers, software-based infrastructure, and microservices represent a major evolution in the way applications are deployed and managed. Under cloud native environments, applications are optimized by dynamically being managed adherent to the constraints but also benefiting from the features and services that clouds supply. The foundation ensures organizations have choice and confidence when they commit to these environments that rely on interoperability among cloud native components and services. Dell Technologies, the largest privately-owned technology company in the world, is committed to enabling cloud native adoption through contributing open source software and integrating into cloud native environments. In 2013, the company released the software-based block and object storage platforms of ScaleIO and Elastic Cloud Storage (ECS). Its open source initiative, {code} by Dell EMC, created critical open source container storage orchestration projects, REX-Ray and its heterogeneous storage library libStorage. In the container space, Dell Technologies has also contributed to several open source projects to enhance interoperability and storage capabilities for applications managed by Kubernetes, Docker, Mesos and Cloud Foundry. "Technology is evolving faster than ever before – and it's critical that organizations are able to build and sustain smarter applications that drive digital transformation. Open source is the key to agility in today's environment, where environments must be able to handle rapid change and evolution driven by software," said Josh Bernstein, VP of Technology for Dell EMC, a Dell Technologies company. "By joining CNCF, we are furthering our commitment to enabling transformation while making software open, accessible and consumable as the heart of enterprise IT strategy." "Dell EMC has a long and proven track record making storage technologies available to modern and open source infrastructure," said Dan Kohn, Executive Director of the CNCF. "The {code} team has been working hard to integrate storage into application platforms to pave way for increased enterprise adoption. We are pleased to welcome them as our newest Platinum member, and look forward to them taking on a bigger role shaping the cloud native landscape." As part of Dell Technologies' Platinum membership, Bernstein will join CNCF's Governing Board. This membership underscores Dell Technologies' belief that supporting applications in new ways relies on transformation across the full range of its product portfolio. Cloud-native computing is a widely-applicable concept that spans the entire portfolio of Dell Technologies, including Dell EMC. "Dell has been active in a variety of CNCF project communities, including presenting to the CNCF TOC on container storage initiatives including libStorage," said Chris Aniszczyk, COO of the CNCF. "Furthermore, they are involved in the Kubernetes Storage SIG, working closely with the community to solve many challenges of external storage functionality within Kubernetes. We are looking forward to working with Dell within our Storage and Networking Working Groups, as well as many other initiatives." Additional Resources Learn About CNCF Membership Join the CNCF conversation on Slack CNCF bloghttps://cncf.io/news/blog About Cloud Native Computing Foundation Cloud native computing uses an open source software stack to deploy applications as microservices, packaging each part into its own container, and dynamically orchestrating those containers to optimize resource utilization. The Cloud Native Computing Foundation (CNCF) hosts critical components of those software stacks including Kubernetes, Fluentd, Linkerd, Prometheus, OpenTracing and gRPC; brings together the industry's top developers, end users, and vendors; and serves as a neutral home for collaboration. CNCF is part of The Linux Foundation, a nonprofit organization. For more information about CNCF, please visit: https://cncf.io/. The Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our trademark usage page: https://www.linuxfoundation.org/trademark-usage. Linux is a registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Media Contact Natasha Woods The Linux Foundation (415) 312-5289 PR@CNCF.io To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/cloud-native-computing-foundation-announces-dell-technologies-as-platinum-member-300430782.html SOURCE CNCF Related Links https://cncf.io Mar 29, 2017, 03:00 ET Preview: Cloud Native Computing Foundation Becomes Home To Pod-Native Container Engine Project rkt Mar 29, 2017, 03:00 ET Preview: containerd Joins the Cloud Native Computing Foundation My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Mar 29, 2017, 03:00 ETCloud Native Computing Foundation Makes Kubernetes Certified... Mar 29, 2017, 03:00 ETCloud Native Computing Foundation Becomes Home To Pod-Native... Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Networks Trade Show News You just read: Cloud Native Computing Foundation Announces Dell Technologies as Platinum Member News provided by CNCF Mar 29, 2017, 03:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
CLOSE Home News Downloads Download Past Issues Read on Issuu Read on Google Play Read on Magzter Download Podcasts Special Editions FCM Wiki Page Table of Contents Writers Style Guide Thursday, March 30, 2017 Home News Downloads Download Past Issues Read on Issuu Read on Google Play Read on Magzter Download Podcasts Special Editions FCM Wiki Page Table of Contents Writers Style Guide Trending Now Oracle Linux 6.9 Released with Unbreakable Enterprise Kernel 4.1.12, TLS 1.2 Microsoft OneDrive Gets Bug Fixes on iOS and Linux Microsoft brings Cortana to the Android lock screen Linux Kernels 4.10.6, 4.9.18 LTS and 4.4.57 LTS Released with Updated Drivers Ubuntu 17.04 inches closer to production Home news Oracle Linux 6.9 Released with Unbreakable Enterprise Kernel 4.1.12, TLS 1.2 news Oracle Linux 6.9 Released with Unbreakable Enterprise Kernel 4.1.12, TLS 1.2 By rascal23 - Mar 29, 2017 357 0 Prominent features of Oracle Linux 6.9 include support for TLS (Transport Layer Security) 1.2 on all system components, along with vsftpd support for TLS 1.2 and auditd support for incremental_async, implementation of the cpuid utility supporting AMD, Intel, and VIA CPUs, improved SSSD (System Security Services Daemon) support for Active Directory (AD), and better support when running as a Hyper-V guest. Under the hood, the OS is powered by Unbreakable Enterprise Kernel (UEK) Release 4 (4.1.12-61.1.28.el6uek) for 64-bit (x86_64) platforms, Unbreakable Enterprise Kernel (UEK) Release 2 (2.6.39-400.294.3.el6uek) for 32-bit (i386) systems, and a Red Hat Enterprise Linux-compatible kernel (2.6.32-696.el6) for both 32- and 64-bit machines. Oracle Linux 6 .9 aso addresses various bugs and regression from previous releases, such as a glibc issue that could make the Oracle Database to not start under certain conditions, and backports all the security fixes from Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6.9, with which it’s binary compatible. Oracle Linux 6.9 comes about ten months after the release of Oracle Linux 6.8 on May last year, and it’s based on the recently released Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) 6.9 operating system, which Red Hat said that it’s the last maintenance update in the series. Source: http://news.softpedia.com/news/oracle-linux-6-9-released-with-unbreakable-enterprise-kernel-4-1-12-tls-1-2-514358.shtml Submitted by: Arnfried Walbrecht Previous articleMicrosoft OneDrive Gets Bug Fixes on iOS and Linux rascal23 RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Microsoft OneDrive Gets Bug Fixes on iOS and Linux Microsoft brings Cortana to the Android lock screen Linux Kernels 4.10.6, 4.9.18 LTS and 4.4.57 LTS Released with Updated Drivers NO COMMENTS LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply
Technology content trusted in North America and globally since 1999 7,441 Reviews & Articles | 54,646 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket AM4 Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU Home News CPU, APU & Chipsets AMD's 12C/24T and 16C/32T CPUs called 'ThreadRipper' AMD's next-gen HEDT processors are reportedly called ThreadRipper, will arrive in 12C/24T and 16C/32T variants By: Anthony Garreffa | CPU, APU & Chipsets News | Posted: 1 day, 1 hour ago Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA When we delivered the world exclusive news that AMD would be calling its next-gen CPUs Ryzen, some very early details arrived on something called 'ThreadRipper', and at the time we thought ThreadRipper was AMD's version of SMT, which Intel calls Hyper-Threading.     But now we are seeing different reports that ThreadRipper is the name of AMD's upcoming HEDT platform, with the teased 12C/24T and 16C/32T processors coming over from the Naples CPU family (which teases 32C/64T). A post on Reddit teases that the new CPUs will include 64 PCIe lanes, and up to 180W TDP with the 16C/32T version.     AMD will reportedly deploy ThreadRipper onto a new LGA SP3 socket, with up to 32MB of L3 cache, and up to 4GHz boost on certain ThreadRipper processors. There's an announcement reportedly planned for Computex, which is only two months away, and a retail launch in the weeks after Computex, into the end of June.   AMD's next-gen ThreadRipper details so far:   Zen HEDT CPU's are called Threadripper! Each CPU will include 64 PCI-E Lanes! It includes 4 CCX's. Lower SKU(Probably 12/24) 140W TDP, Higher SKU (Probably 16/32) 180W TDP. Socket will be an SP3 LGA Platform's name will probably be X399 Chips will be B2 revisions. 32MB L3 Cache ES's are 3,3 or 3,4GHz base and 3,7GHz Boost It is aimed for Retail SKU to have 3,6 Base/4GHz Boost ES's that are in the wild have 2500 CB R15. Infinity Fabric can have a bandwidth up to 100GB/S Announcement; COMPUTEX at Taiwan, sales will start after 2-3 weeks following COMPUTEX.   NEWS SOURCES:Reddit.com, Tweaktown.com, Tweaktown.com, Tweaktown.com Recommended for You The first sign of Kaby Lake X: the Intel Core i7-7740K... AMD Ryzen with 12C/24T appears, excites us all so... Samsung to invest $7 billion in 7nm chips production... Qualcomm using Snapdragon 835 to dominate Helio X30... >> NEXT STORY: Destiny 2 trailer shows Cabal invading Last City << PREVIOUS STORY: FMV games are coming back with Late Shift on April 18 Related Tags AMD AMD Naples ThreadRipper AMD ThreadRipper AMD HEDT Intel Got an opinion on this news? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts The first images from the new Tomb Raider movie are here First 'IT' trailer brings Pennywise back to terrify ASUS announces GTX 1080 11Gbps, GTX 1060 9Gbps models MSI and ASUS tease new GTX 1080s with 11Gbps GDDR5X RAM AMD's new Radeon RX 580 and RX 570 spottedView More News Posts Forum Activity ROCCAT SUORA FX Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Review AORUS GeForce GTX 1080 Xtreme Edition 8G Review Cannot get rid of Asus Secure Delete NZXT Kraken X52 Liquid CPU Cooler Review Window side panel for PC-V1020View More Forum Posts Press Releases MSI announces frosty limited edition Trident 3 Arctic gaming PC ADATA adds the i-Memory AI920 jet black flash drive FinalWire releases AIDA64 Extreme 5.90 benchmark software ASUS announces support for Intel Optane memory Thermaltake releases new View 28 RGB Gull-Wing window ATX mid-tower chassis series with Tt LCS Certified and unique 256-color RGB matrix designView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2017 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
Jump to Navigation MSNBC facebook twitter google plus rss tumblr instagram Explore All {{issue.issue.title}} Latest {{topic.topic.short_title}} {{teaser.description}} Watch Featured Shows Weekday Weekend Live LIVE - ONLY ONLINE Watch Videos TV Schedule Search Videos Digital Documentaries Join In Help Live TV share tweet email save Embed The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/28/17 Sen. Angus King: Stakes are so high for Senate's Russia probe With the House Intel. Cmte. in disarray, Senate Intelligence Committee member Sen. Angus King (I-ME) talks about what we can expect from the Russia investigation in the upper chamber of Congress. ... more Duration: {{video.duration.momentjs}} Up next in: The 11th Hour with Brian Williams Sen. Angus King: Stakes are so high for... info Sen. Angus King: Stakes are so high for... With the House Intel. Cmte. in disarray, Senate Intelligence Committee member Sen. Angus King (I-ME) talks about what we can expect from the Russia investigation in the upper chamber of Congress. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/28/17 Duration: 6:21 save Trump turns down invite to throw out... info Trump turns down invite to throw out... MSNBC's Brian Williams talks to author and presidential historian Doris Kearns Goodwin about the fact Donald Trump said a scheduling conflict will keep him from this presidential tradition. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/29/17 Duration: 2:58 save What do we know about Ivanka Trump's new... info What do we know about Ivanka Trump's new... MSNBC's Brian Williams talks to Rachel Abrams of The New York Times and The Wall Street Journal's Eli Stokols about Trump naming another family member to his White House team. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/29/17 Duration: 4:14 save Jeremy Bash: Our system of checks and... info Jeremy Bash: Our system of checks and... MSNBC's Brian Williams talks to former CIA Chief of Staff Jeremy Bash about exactly what's at stake for our democracy when it comes to learning about Russia's influence in our elections. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/29/17 Duration: 1:31 save Flynn stayed at White House 17 days after... info Flynn stayed at White House 17 days after... Why did it take 17 days after fmr. Acting AG Sally Yates tipped off the White House about Mike Flynn before he was let go? MSNBC's Brian Williams talks to fmr. CIA Chief of Staff Jeremy Bash. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/29/17 Duration: 3:38 save Senate Intel. Cmte. leaders promise... info Senate Intel. Cmte. leaders promise... The two leaders of the Senate Intelligence Committee, Sen. Richard Burr (R-NC) & Sen. Mark Warner (D-VA), are promising a thorough Russia investigation. Brian Williams discusses with his panel. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/29/17 Duration: 13:28 save Trump ends Obama climate change policies... info Trump ends Obama climate change policies... Rolling back protections on carbon dioxide emissions and pledging to end the 'war on coal,' Pres. Trump rolls back Obama environmental policy. MSNBC's Brian Williams discusses with his panel. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/28/17 Duration: 4:04 save Sean Spicer battles with veteran reporter... info Sean Spicer battles with veteran reporter... MSNBC's Brian Williams talks to his panel about the stunning back and forth on Russia between White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer and veteran White House reporter April Ryan. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/28/17 Duration: 5:36 save Sen. Angus King on why he's unsure how he... info Sen. Angus King on why he's unsure how he... MSNBC's Brian Williams speaks with Sen. Angus King (I-ME) who says he's still trying to figure Judge Gorsuch out ahead of his vote on Trump's Supreme Court nominee. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/28/17 Duration: 1:08 save White House denies trying to stop key... info White House denies trying to stop key... The White House calls a report saying it tried to stop fmr. Acting A.G. Sally Yates from testifying about Russia '100% false' as the GOP House Intel. Cmte. chair rejects calls to recuse himself. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/28/17 Duration: 13:35 save Just 67 days in, Pres. Trump's approval... info Just 67 days in, Pres. Trump's approval... Never before has a president hit Trump's new record low approval rating as quickly as Trump has. MSNBC's Brian Williams discusses with NBC News Presidential Historian Michael Beschloss. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/27/17 Duration: 4:43 save Senate Intel. Cmte. to question Trump son... info Senate Intel. Cmte. to question Trump son... On the same day the White House announced yet another role for Trump's son-in-law Jared Kushner, we learned Kushner will face questions in a Senate probe on Russia. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/27/17 Duration: 7:48 save Top House Intel Dem Schiff tells Chairman... info Top House Intel Dem Schiff tells Chairman... After GOP House Intel. Chairman Nunes admitted he went to the White House to view the intelligence he shared with Trump, his Democratic counterpart says Nunes should get off the investigation. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/27/17 Duration: 14:03 save House Intel Chair Nunes cancels public... info House Intel Chair Nunes cancels public... As the investigation into Pres. Trump and Russia continues, there's been blowback after Rep. Nunes canceled a public hearing next week. MSNBC's Brian Williams talks to Jeremy Bash. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/24/17 Duration: 5:22 save Trump in February: 'Nobody knew' health... info Trump in February: 'Nobody knew' health... After today's health care defeat, MSNBC's Brian Williams looks at the President's comments last month when he expressed surprise at how difficult health care reform really is. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/24/17 Duration: 1:59 save Candidate Trump pledged to end Obamacare ... info Candidate Trump pledged to end Obamacare ... Speaking after the GOP health care bill fell apart, Pres. Trump said he never pledged to repeal and replace Obamacare early in his administration. But that's just not true. Our panel reacts. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/24/17 Duration: 5:35 save In a colossal defeat, Trump-Ryan health... info In a colossal defeat, Trump-Ryan health... The top two Republicans in Washington, Pres. Trump and Speaker Ryan, suffered an embarrassing defeat as the GOP health care bill fell apart. How did it happen? MSNBC's Brian Williams breaks it down. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/24/17 Duration: 16:05 save Defiant Trump defends blatant falsehoods... info Defiant Trump defends blatant falsehoods... MSNBC's Brian Williams talks to TIME Magazine Washington Bureau Chief Michael Scherer about his shocking interview with Pres. Trump where Trump didn't back down from past false statements. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/23/17 Duration: 6:42 save Intel. Cmte. Dem on reports of new... info Intel. Cmte. Dem on reports of new... Rep. Jim Himes (D-CT) of the House Intelligence Committee reacts to the news from the committee's top Democrat that there is new evidence of possible collusion between Team Trump & Russia. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/23/17 Duration: 6:43 save Will Trump ask Paul Ryan to resign if... info Will Trump ask Paul Ryan to resign if... MSNBC'S Brian Williams shares a breaking New York Times report that Trump is upset with Ryan over health care and Sean Spicer being asked if Ryan should resign if the vote fails. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/23/17 Duration: 7:51 save Channels MSNBCTV Retrieving data... LIVE watch now Information full TV schedule Live Online Retrieving Data... LIVE - ONLY ONLINE watch now Desc Information videos The 11th Hour with Brian Williams comments Top Stories from NBC News and MSNBC Graham on Nunes controversy: 'It's a mess' 8 hours 43 min ago Schiff presses for public hearing for Sally Yates 5 hours 9 min ago Russian activist poisoned twice: 'I'm not going to hide' 6 hours 43 min ago For Trump, drug epidemic is about one thing: border enforcement 6 hours 36 min ago GOP takes new steps to keep Trump’s tax returns secret Campaign to purchase lawmakers' browsing history April Ryan's first question to Spicer after confrontation The ghost of Bridgegate forever haunts Gov. Christie Fmr. DNC Chair to Sanders: 'We are already a grassroots party' Fired US attorney at nexus of multiple Trump scandals Best of MSNBC Jeremy Bash: Our system of checks and... info Jeremy Bash: Our system of checks and... MSNBC's Brian Williams talks to former CIA Chief of Staff Jeremy Bash about exactly what's at stake for our democracy when it comes to learning about Russia's influence in our elections. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/29/17 Duration: 1:31 save Flynn stayed at White House 17 days after... info Flynn stayed at White House 17 days after... Why did it take 17 days after fmr. Acting AG Sally Yates tipped off the White House about Mike Flynn before he was let go? MSNBC's Brian Williams talks to fmr. CIA Chief of Staff Jeremy Bash. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/29/17 Duration: 3:38 save Senate Intel. Cmte. leaders promise... info Senate Intel. Cmte. leaders promise... The two leaders of the Senate Intelligence Committee, Sen. Richard Burr (R-NC) & Sen. Mark Warner (D-VA), are promising a thorough Russia investigation. Brian Williams discusses with his panel. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/29/17 Duration: 13:28 save Report: Comey wanted to reveal Russian... info Report: Comey wanted to reveal Russian... Newsweek reports FBI director James Comey wanted to go public with information about Russia's interference in the presidential election as early as summer 2016. Newsweek senior writer Max Kutner joins Lawrence O'Donnell. The Last Word with Lawrence O'Donnell 03/29/17 Duration: 3:58 save Could House Intel Chairman Nunes be... info Could House Intel Chairman Nunes be... After mentioning that he viewed FISA warrants, House Intelligence Chair Devin Nunes may have breached a House ethics rule, leaving him open to investigation and a former CIA analyst gives White House staff step-by-step instructions on how to check who... The Last Word with Lawrence O'Donnell 03/29/17 Duration: 12:23 save Why the Senate Russia Probe is trouble for... info Why the Senate Russia Probe is trouble for... Unlike the House Intelligence committee’s Russia investigation that was thrown into chaos by its chairman, the Senate investigation is being taken very seriously by the Republican Chairman and Democratic Vice-Chairman. The Last Word with Lawrence O'Donnell 03/29/17 Duration: 6:49 save Schiff presses for public hearing for Yates info Schiff presses for public hearing for Yates Congressman Adam Schiff, ranking member of the House Intelligence Committee, talks with Rachel Maddow about resistance by Chairman Devin Nunes to hear from former acting Attorney General Sally Yates and the priorities of Democrats on the committee. The Rachel Maddow Show 03/29/17 Duration: 3:40 save Schiff: Nunes questions hurt credibility info Schiff: Nunes questions hurt credibility Congressman Adam Schiff, ranking member of the House Intelligence Committee, talks with Rachel Maddow about how recent antics by Chairman Nunes have stalled the committee's progress on the investigation into ties between Russia and the Donald Trump cam... The Rachel Maddow Show 03/29/17 Duration: 6:26 save Trump talk provokes NATO self-reckoning info Trump talk provokes NATO self-reckoning Anders Fogh Rasmussen, former NATO secretary general, talks with Rachel Maddow about Vladimir Putin's desire for the destruction of NATO and concerns about Donald Trump's commitment to the organization. The Rachel Maddow Show 03/29/17 Duration: 8:38 save Political strains in West serve Putin goals info Political strains in West serve Putin goals Rachel Maddow looks at the role of NATO and the European Union keep Russian power in check and how the weakening of those institutions serve Vladimir Putin's global power strategy. The Rachel Maddow Show 03/29/17 Duration: 19:55 save Matthews: Call me an optimist but we saw... info Matthews: Call me an optimist but we saw... Chris Matthews describes the heroism of Senate Richard Burr and Senator Mark Warner who serves as Chairman and ranking Democrat of the Senate Intelligence Committee. Hardball with Chris Matthews 03/29/17 Duration: 1:48 save Wasserman Schultz to Sanders: ‘We Are... info Wasserman Schultz to Sanders: ‘We Are... Former DNC Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz (D-FL) responds to Sen. Bernie Sanders’ call for a “top-down overhaul” of the Democratic Party. For the Record with Greta 03/29/17 Duration: 4:18 save Graham on Nunes Controversy: 'It's a Mess' info Graham on Nunes Controversy: 'It's a Mess' Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-SC) joins Greta Van Susteren to discuss House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes, the Gorsuch nomination fight, and more. For the Record with Greta 03/29/17 Duration: 7:44 save Speier Compares Nunes to Jekyll and Hyde info Speier Compares Nunes to Jekyll and Hyde House Intelligence Committee member Jackie Speier (D-CA) tells Greta Van Susteren that Chairman Devin Nunes “has become pugnacious and silent and surreptitious.” For the Record with Greta 03/29/17 Duration: 3:57 save Rep. Quigley: Nunes 'cannot serve two... info Rep. Quigley: Nunes 'cannot serve two... Rep. Mike Quigley, D-Il., a member of the House Intelligence Committee, says he believes that Chairmen Devin Nunes is following the White House’s orders. MSNBC Live 03/29/17 Duration: 5:10 save Watch April Ryan’s First Question to... info Watch April Ryan’s First Question to... April Ryan, reporter for the American Urban Radio Networks, asks Press Secretary Sean Spicer about the role of Representative Nunes and the controversy around him. 03/29/17 Duration: 5:04 save Police: Capitol shooting shows no... info Police: Capitol shooting shows no... Eva Malecki, Communications Director of Capitol Police, addresses reports regarding the shooting outside the Capitol and provides some details about the incident. MSNBC Live 03/29/17 Duration: 1:50 save Police Respond to Incident Near U.S. Capitol info Police Respond to Incident Near U.S. Capitol Reports indicate a driver hit a police car, prompting cops to fire at the car and detaining a suspect. NBC's Kasie Hunt reports. 03/29/17 Duration: 1:22 save Reports of Shots Fired Near the U.S. Capitol info Reports of Shots Fired Near the U.S. Capitol Reporter Kasie Hunt reports that an incident on Capitol Hill MSNBC Live 03/29/17 Duration: 1:51 save House Intel Russia probe paused as... info House Intel Russia probe paused as... Rep. Terri Sewell, D-Ala., is the last Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee to call for Chairman Devin Nunes to recuse himself from the Russia investigation. MSNBC Live 03/29/17 Duration: 5:04 save Politics Jeremy Bash: Our system of checks and... info Jeremy Bash: Our system of checks and... MSNBC's Brian Williams talks to former CIA Chief of Staff Jeremy Bash about exactly what's at stake for our democracy when it comes to learning about Russia's influence in our elections. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/29/17 Duration: 1:31 save Senate Intel. Cmte. leaders promise... info Senate Intel. Cmte. leaders promise... The two leaders of the Senate Intelligence Committee, Sen. Richard Burr (R-NC) & Sen. Mark Warner (D-VA), are promising a thorough Russia investigation. Brian Williams discusses with his panel. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/29/17 Duration: 13:28 save White House denies trying to stop key... info White House denies trying to stop key... The White House calls a report saying it tried to stop fmr. Acting A.G. Sally Yates from testifying about Russia '100% false' as the GOP House Intel. Cmte. chair rejects calls to recuse himself. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/28/17 Duration: 13:35 save Just 67 days in, Pres. Trump's approval... info Just 67 days in, Pres. Trump's approval... Never before has a president hit Trump's new record low approval rating as quickly as Trump has. MSNBC's Brian Williams discusses with NBC News Presidential Historian Michael Beschloss. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/27/17 Duration: 4:43 save Senate Intel. Cmte. to question Trump son... info Senate Intel. Cmte. to question Trump son... On the same day the White House announced yet another role for Trump's son-in-law Jared Kushner, we learned Kushner will face questions in a Senate probe on Russia. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/27/17 Duration: 7:48 save Top House Intel Dem Schiff tells Chairman... info Top House Intel Dem Schiff tells Chairman... After GOP House Intel. Chairman Nunes admitted he went to the White House to view the intelligence he shared with Trump, his Democratic counterpart says Nunes should get off the investigation. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/27/17 Duration: 14:03 save Report: Russians may have used ‘bots’ to... info Report: Russians may have used ‘bots’ to... Ari Melber looks at the federal investigation into alleged collusion between Russian operatives and “far-right” news sites to flood social media with pro-Trump and fake news. MSNBC Live 03/26/17 Duration: 5:30 save House Intel Chair Nunes cancels public... info House Intel Chair Nunes cancels public... As the investigation into Pres. Trump and Russia continues, there's been blowback after Rep. Nunes canceled a public hearing next week. MSNBC's Brian Williams talks to Jeremy Bash. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/24/17 Duration: 5:22 save Candidate Trump pledged to end Obamacare ... info Candidate Trump pledged to end Obamacare ... Speaking after the GOP health care bill fell apart, Pres. Trump said he never pledged to repeal and replace Obamacare early in his administration. But that's just not true. Our panel reacts. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/24/17 Duration: 5:35 save Defiant Trump defends blatant falsehoods... info Defiant Trump defends blatant falsehoods... MSNBC's Brian Williams talks to TIME Magazine Washington Bureau Chief Michael Scherer about his shocking interview with Pres. Trump where Trump didn't back down from past false statements. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/23/17 Duration: 6:42 save Intel. Cmte. Dem on reports of new... info Intel. Cmte. Dem on reports of new... Rep. Jim Himes (D-CT) of the House Intelligence Committee reacts to the news from the committee's top Democrat that there is new evidence of possible collusion between Team Trump & Russia. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/23/17 Duration: 6:43 save Dem Senator: Why was Trump team talking to... info Dem Senator: Why was Trump team talking to... MSNBC's Brian Williams talks to Senate Intelligence Committee member Sen. Martin Heinrich (D-NM) about House GOP Intel. Chair Nunes sharing information with Pres. Trump. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/22/17 Duration: 4:55 save Schiff: More than circumstantial evidence... info Schiff: More than circumstantial evidence... After GOP Intel. Chair Devin Nunes bypassed his committee taking info on intelligence reports to Pres. Trump, the top Democrat on the committee breaks news about evidence of Trump-Russia ties. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/22/17 Duration: 8:24 save Before Trump, Manafort paid to help Putin: AP info Before Trump, Manafort paid to help Putin: AP Jeff Horowitz, reporter for the Associated Press, talks with Rachel Maddow about the AP's scoop that Paul Manafort, before he was Donald Trump's campaign manager, was paid millions by a Russian oligarch to serve the interests of Vladimir Putin in the U.S. The Rachel Maddow Show 03/22/17 Duration: 3:58 save Nunes muddies Trump probe with abrupt claim info Nunes muddies Trump probe with abrupt claim Rachel Maddow explains a confusing pair of press conferences by House Intelligence Committee Chair Devin Nunes, in which Nunes asserted some new evidence in the investigation into whether the Donald Trump campaign coordinated with Russia in the 2016... The Rachel Maddow Show 03/22/17 Duration: 6:22 save Former GOP chairman charged with voter fraud info Former GOP chairman charged with voter fraud Steve Curtis, former Colorado GOP chairman who said last year that only Democrats commit voter fraud, has now been charged with voter fraud. All In with Chris Hayes 03/22/17 Duration: 2:25 save Trump Russia case 'more than circumstantial' info Trump Russia case 'more than circumstantial' Rachel Maddow reports on developments in the investigation into coordination between the Donald Trump campaign in Russia, from a new report on Paul Manafort acting in Russia's interest to a new characterization of the evidence by ranking House... The Rachel Maddow Show 03/22/17 Duration: 21:21 save White House tries to distance Trump from... info White House tries to distance Trump from... MSNBC's Brian Williams looks at the latest questions facing the Trump White House over wiretapping and Russia with Bianna Golodryga, Jeremy Bash, and Charlie Sykes. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/21/17 Duration: 8:29 save FBI probing Russian influence via US websites info FBI probing Russian influence via US websites Greg Gordon, national correspondent for McClatchy News, talks with Rachel Maddow about McClatchy investigative reporting in the FBI looking into the role of pro-Trump U.S. news sites in Russian intrusion in the U.S. The Rachel Maddow Show 03/21/17 Duration: 6:55 save Russia continues info-war tactics in US info Russia continues info-war tactics in US Rachel Maddow looks at the role of Russian bot networks and cyber war tactics during the 2016 U.S. election and notes that those things didn't just go away after the election. The Rachel Maddow Show 03/21/17 Duration: 20:44 save The Trump Equation The Trump Equation: Shock and Awe in a... info The Trump Equation: Shock and Awe in a... Watch part 1 of The Trump Equation with Jacob Soboroff. MSNBC Live 01/24/17 Duration: 7:55 save The Trump Equation: Maybe It Was the Economy info The Trump Equation: Maybe It Was the Economy Watch part 2 of The Trump Equation with Jacob Soboroff. MSNBC Live 01/24/17 Duration: 8:22 save The Trump Equation: Minorities for Trump? info The Trump Equation: Minorities for Trump? Watch part 3 of The Trump Equation with Jacob Soboroff. MSNBC Live 01/24/17 Duration: 6:41 save The Trump Equation: In the Battleground... info The Trump Equation: In the Battleground... Watch part 4 of The Trump Equation with Jacob Soboroff. MSNBC Live 01/24/17 Duration: 10:28 save The Trump Equation: Millennials info The Trump Equation: Millennials Watch part 5 of The Trump Equation with Jacob Soboroff. MSNBC Live 01/24/17 Duration: 4:56 save The Trump Equation: Now What? info The Trump Equation: Now What? Watch part 6 of The Trump Equation with Jacob Soboroff. MSNBC Live 01/24/17 Duration: 6:11 save Morning Joe Mika pays tribute to her best friend Tia info Mika pays tribute to her best friend Tia Mika Brzezinski pays tribute to her best friend Tia Garner, who passed away after battling pancreatic cancer. Morning Joe 03/29/17 Duration: 2:42 save Sanders to Trump: Listen to scientists,... info Sanders to Trump: Listen to scientists,... Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., joins Morning Joe for a wide-ranging discussion on areas of overlap with Trump, why he plans to vote against Gorsuch and why Trump is an embarrassment on climate change. Morning Joe 03/29/17 Duration: 15:02 save 'What is wrong with him?': MJ reacts to... info 'What is wrong with him?': MJ reacts to... Top Talkers: WH Press Secretary Sean Spicer told veteran reporter April Ryan to stop shaking her head during a heated press briefing this week, a claim Ryan refutes. The Morning Joe discusses. Morning Joe 03/29/17 Duration: 10:51 save CEO behind EpiPen on rising drug prices info CEO behind EpiPen on rising drug prices Mylan CEO Heather Bresch discusses the rising cost of prescription drugs and what can be done to lower costs for patients. Morning Joe 03/29/17 Duration: 7:14 save National Review writer on why Nunes should... info National Review writer on why Nunes should... The National Review's David French discusses the growing calls for House Intel Committee Chair, Devin Nunes, to recuse himself from the committee's Russia probe. Philip Bump joins the discussion. Morning Joe 03/29/17 Duration: 11:33 save Former amb. pushes back against proposed cuts info Former amb. pushes back against proposed cuts Fmr. Amb. Nicholas Burns testified to the House Foreign Affairs committee on Trump's proposal to slash funding to the State Department and USAID. Amb. Burns discusses with Morning Joe. Morning Joe 03/29/17 Duration: 8:33 save Trump begins looking to Dems for help;... info Trump begins looking to Dems for help;... The Morning Joe panel discusses if Donald Trump and Chuck Schumer can work together and the impact a no vote on Gorsuch may have for the Democrats. Morning Joe 03/29/17 Duration: 6:44 save GOP to reset repeal negotiations, but... info GOP to reset repeal negotiations, but... Top Talkers: Negotiations to repeal Obamacare are back on the table with Steve Bannon as part of the discussions, according to the latest reporting in the New York Times. Jeremy Peters discusses. Morning Joe 03/29/17 Duration: 11:43 save Ann Romney on finding hope, joy after MS... info Ann Romney on finding hope, joy after MS... Ann Romney discusses overcoming depression and fatigue brought on by MS and how she found hope and happiness. Romney details her struggles in her book 'In This Together.' Morning Joe 03/28/17 Duration: 5:05 save Manchin: I want to protect the 60-vote rule info Manchin: I want to protect the 60-vote rule Sen. Joe Manchin, D-W. Va., says he hopes to avoid the nuclear option when it comes to confirming Neil Gorsuch. Sen. Manchin also discusses Devin Nunes and the future of coal and energy. Morning Joe 03/28/17 Duration: 4:34 save Congressman on why he opposes federal paid... info Congressman on why he opposes federal paid... Rep. Raul Labrador, R-Idaho, discusses health care reform and the issues he had with the GOP health bill as well as why he's opposed to federal paid family leave. Morning Joe 03/28/17 Duration: 8:12 save New book considers the life and legacy of... info New book considers the life and legacy of... Author John Farrell joins Morning Joe to discuss his book 'Richard Nixon: The Life.' Morning Joe 03/28/17 Duration: 8:50 save Nunes cancels meetings committee meetings... info Nunes cancels meetings committee meetings... Rep. Devin Nunes has cancelled all meetings for the House Intel Committee for the week, a source confirms to Morning Joe. Morning Joe 03/28/17 Duration: 0:35 save Intel committee member says he's waiting... info Intel committee member says he's waiting... Rep. Jim Himes, D-Conn., discusses why Devin Nunes must recuse himself from the House Intel's Russia probe. Morning Joe 03/28/17 Duration: 7:36 save We are watching the cover-up to a crime,... info We are watching the cover-up to a crime,... Rep. Eric Swalwell, D-Calif., discusses House Intel Committee Chair, Devin Nunes, and why he must recuse himself from the Russia probe. Swalwell also discusses the need for an independent commission. Morning Joe 03/28/17 Duration: 7:54 save Trump approval craters, but can he recover? info Trump approval craters, but can he recover? Top Talkers: President Trump now stands at 36 percent, according to the latest Gallup poll, a new low for the president. Joe Scarborough and the MJ panel discuss how he might rebound from low scores. Morning Joe 03/28/17 Duration: 8:15 save Calls grow for Nunes to recuse himself... info Calls grow for Nunes to recuse himself... Top Talkers: House Intel Committee, Devin Nunes, is facing more calls to recuse himself from the House Intelligence Committee's Russia probe. The Morning Joe panel discusses. Morning Joe 03/28/17 Duration: 12:06 save Conservative writer says Bannon getting it... info Conservative writer says Bannon getting it... Writer John Podhoretz discusses Steve Bannon's role in the White House and in compelling Republicans to vote for the health care bill. Morning Joe 03/27/17 Duration: 5:41 save Former Freedom Caucus member explains why... info Former Freedom Caucus member explains why... Rep. Ted Poe, R-Texas, discusses why he resigned from the Freedom Caucus and the GOP fight to pass a health care bill. Morning Joe 03/27/17 Duration: 3:07 save Tom Cole: GOP still learning to be a... info Tom Cole: GOP still learning to be a... Rep. Tom Cole and former Obama press secretary Josh Earnest discuss the GOP's failure to pass a health care bill last week and why Rep. Cole says the health bill wasn't a sham as well as a new budget. Morning Joe 03/27/17 Duration: 13:49 save Rachel Maddow Political strains in West serve Putin goals info Political strains in West serve Putin goals Rachel Maddow looks at the role of NATO and the European Union keep Russian power in check and how the weakening of those institutions serve Vladimir Putin's global power strategy. The Rachel Maddow Show 03/29/17 Duration: 19:55 save Schiff: Nunes questions hurt credibility info Schiff: Nunes questions hurt credibility Congressman Adam Schiff, ranking member of the House Intelligence Committee, talks with Rachel Maddow about how recent antics by Chairman Nunes have stalled the committee's progress on the investigation into ties between Russia and the Donald Trump cam... The Rachel Maddow Show 03/29/17 Duration: 6:26 save Schiff presses for public hearing for Yates info Schiff presses for public hearing for Yates Congressman Adam Schiff, ranking member of the House Intelligence Committee, talks with Rachel Maddow about resistance by Chairman Devin Nunes to hear from former acting Attorney General Sally Yates and the priorities of Democrats on the committee. The Rachel Maddow Show 03/29/17 Duration: 3:40 save Trump talk provokes NATO self-reckoning info Trump talk provokes NATO self-reckoning Anders Fogh Rasmussen, former NATO secretary general, talks with Rachel Maddow about Vladimir Putin's desire for the destruction of NATO and concerns about Donald Trump's commitment to the organization. The Rachel Maddow Show 03/29/17 Duration: 8:38 save Trump White House a poor source for facts info Trump White House a poor source for facts Rachel Maddow looks at the facility with which the Donald Trump White House lied about their desire to produce a military spectacle as part of the inauguration ceremony, and notes the lesson that Trump's White House is not a useful source for factual... The Rachel Maddow Show 03/28/17 Duration: 12:40 save Fired US attorney at nexus of Trump scandals info Fired US attorney at nexus of Trump scandals Rachel Maddow reports on the number of investigations tied to Donald Trump that were being conducted through the office of Preet Bharara before the Trump administration fired him as U.S. attorney. The Rachel Maddow Show 03/28/17 Duration: 14:16 save Trump aide's real estate deals raise alarm info Trump aide's real estate deals raise alarm Rachel Maddow reports on how a pattern of real estate spending and borrowing by former Donald Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort follows a pattern experts say is used in laundering money. The Rachel Maddow Show 03/28/17 Duration: 4:39 save Trump aide's money trail runs through Cyprus info Trump aide's money trail runs through Cyprus Richard Engel, NBC News chief foreign correspondent, talks with Rachel Maddow about the investigations into former Donald Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort's use of Cyprus bank accounts to process large amounts of money. The Rachel Maddow Show 03/28/17 Duration: 5:56 save Cyprus helping US in Manafort finances probe info Cyprus helping US in Manafort finances probe Richard Engel, NBC News chief foreign correspondent, talks with Rachel Maddow about how Cyprus is trying to shed its reputation as a place for laundering dirty Russian money and is helping the U.S. in its investigation of former Donald Trump campaign m... The Rachel Maddow Show 03/28/17 Duration: 3:09 save Embattled Nunes paralyzes House Intel Cmte info Embattled Nunes paralyzes House Intel Cmte Congressman Jim Himes, a member of the House Intelligence Committee, talks with Rachel Maddow about how Committee Chairman Devin Nunes has not kept the committee updated on intelligence he talked with the media and White House about, and has postponed... The Rachel Maddow Show 03/27/17 Duration: 11:35 save Trump son-in-law sought for Russia questions info Trump son-in-law sought for Russia questions Rachel Maddow reports on the background of the former Russian spy-turned-bank-official who met with Donald Trump's son-in-law Jared Kushner, and notes the remarkable number of significant tasks Trump has assigned to Kusher. The Rachel Maddow Show 03/27/17 Duration: 17:09 save Icahn, as Trump advisor, aims to help himself info Icahn, as Trump advisor, aims to help himself Rachel Maddow notes that Carl Icahn, appointed by Donald Trump to the unaccountable position of "special advisor," is advocating for a regulation rule change that would benefit his bottom line by hundreds of millions of dollars. The Rachel Maddow Show 03/27/17 Duration: 3:27 save A dire period of scandal for Trump in turmoil info A dire period of scandal for Trump in turmoil Rachel Maddow reviews the latest developments in the litany of investigations into the Donald Trump campaign while Trump's political agenda continues to fail. The Rachel Maddow Show 03/24/17 Duration: 22:47 save Schumer: 'Art of the Deal is out the window' info Schumer: 'Art of the Deal is out the window' Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer talks with Rachel Maddow about the failure by Donald Trump and Republicans to dismantle the Affordable Care Act, and the power of the grassroots effort to thwart Trump. The Rachel Maddow Show 03/24/17 Duration: 7:12 save Schumer to Ryan: Consider replacing Nunes info Schumer to Ryan: Consider replacing Nunes Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer talks with Rachel Maddow about the investigations into the Donald Trump campaign's possible collaboration with Russia and whether Rep. Nunes can chair an objective investigation as House Intelligence Committee... The Rachel Maddow Show 03/24/17 Duration: 2:22 save Schumer on Gorsuch: Wrong time, wrong nominee info Schumer on Gorsuch: Wrong time, wrong nominee Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer talks with Rachel Maddow about why Senate Democrats should oppose Neil Gorsuch for the Supreme Court, and why the confirmation should be postponed until investigations of Donald Trump are resolved. The Rachel Maddow Show 03/24/17 Duration: 3:47 save Nationwide resistance hurt GOP anti-ACA plan info Nationwide resistance hurt GOP anti-ACA plan Rachel Maddow looks at how massive, nationwide protest and resistance attached human stories to the consequences of repealing Obamacare and made the Republican legislative plan much more difficult. The Rachel Maddow Show 03/23/17 Duration: 12:50 save Sanders: Trump broke working people promise info Sanders: Trump broke working people promise Senator Bernie Sanders talks with Rachel Maddow about how the dismantling of the Affordable Care Act and other Donald Trump Republican agenda items will hurt working class Americans. The Rachel Maddow Show 03/23/17 Duration: 9:12 save Sanders: Gorsuch answers not satisfactory info Sanders: Gorsuch answers not satisfactory Senator Bernie Sanders talks with Rachel Maddow about why he will oppose the confirmation Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court. The Rachel Maddow Show 03/23/17 Duration: 1:55 save Russia's dark dealings a split screen scandal info Russia's dark dealings a split screen scandal Rachel Maddow reports on the assassination of a critic of Vladimir Putin, the latest in a long chain of such attacks, and also reports on the latest developments in the Russian scandal in the U.S. The Rachel Maddow Show 03/23/17 Duration: 15:30 save close facebook twitter google plus tumblr instagram rss Home Help Terms of Service Independent Programming Report Closed Captioning Privacy Policy Newsletters MSNBC Store MSNBC Info Blog Careers AdChoices NBCNews.com Today.com CNBC.com BreakingNews.com © NBC UNIVERSAL
null
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / FogHorn Expands 2017 IIoT Thought Leadership Outreach FogHorn Expands 2017 IIoT Thought Leadership Outreach Posted on March 29, 2017 by Benzinga Full Feed in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. Fog computing startup announces participation at a record number of events this year, showcasing its edge intelligence platform for industrial IoT (IIoT). Mountain View, CA (PRWEB) March 28, 2017 FogHorn™ Systems, a leading developer of “edge intelligence” software for industrial and commercial Internet of Things applications, today provided a year-to-date review of events driving its 2017 thought leadership outreach. “Although we are still in the first quarter of 2017, we have already participated in more exhibitions, conferences and industry summits than all of 2016,” said FogHorn CEO David C. King. “Because the Industrial IoT industry is evolving and growing exponentially, there is no substitute for the direct, face-to-face interactions that these events provide for us, especially in a global context. It allows us to not only exchange information with customers, partners and industry thought leaders, but it also puts all of us on the same page in regards to which directions IIoT technology is heading.” In March 2017, FogHorn will have participated in ten key events ranging from private investor showcases to large international exhibitions. Last week, FogHorn was a featured partner and exhibitor at Bosch Connected World in Berlin. “FogHorn was mentioned multiple times during Bosch CEO Volkmar Denner’s keynote address,” King said. “This recognition validates what we are doing in the industry, and it would not be possible without our active participation in events like this.” During his address, Denner introduced the audience to the concept of Fog Computing. “If we do everything in the cloud we need huge bandwidth. We need to transfer huge amounts of data which doesn't make a lot of sense for all kinds of data,” he said. “That's why we need one asset, in the sensor, in the ECU, (with) capabilities for data handling and also for computing. And that's what we call Fog Computing.” Video excerpt from keynote address. “We are invested by our subsidiary Bosch Venture Capital in a company called FogHorn and they for example have a technology that allows (them) to pre-analyze data on the asset to react in almost real time,” he said. Recent Events—FogHorn’s participation in 2017 events to date include: ●    GE Global Leadership Meeting, January 5 – Boca Raton, FL ●    AI Conference, January 19 – Tokyo, Japan ●    IoTG/IESD Intel Capital Technology Day, February 7 – Chandler, AZ ●    Wind River Intel Capital Technology Day, February 8 – San Jose, CA ●    PwC IoT Summit, March 7 – New York City, NY ●    Montgomery Summit, March 8-9 – Santa Monica, CA ●    The Hive Annual Summit, March 13 – Palo Alto, CA ●    Bosch Connected World, March 15-16 – Berlin, Germany ●    SAP Hana Executive Council, March 22 – Palo Alto, CA ●    OSIsoft User Conference, March 20-23 – San Francisco, CA Upcoming Events—FogHorn will also be participating in the following events in Q2, 2017 ●    Hewlett Packard Enterprise Discover Forum, April 4, Seoul, Korea ●    Hannover Messe, April 24-28 – Hannover, Germany ●    Dell/EMC World, May 8-11 – Las Vegas, NV ●    IoT World, May 16-18 – Santa Clara, CA ●    NI Week, May 22-25 – Austin, TX About FogHorn Systems FogHorn is a leading developer of “edge intelligence” software for industrial and commercial IoT application solutions. FogHorn’s software platform brings the power of advanced analytics and machine learning to the on-premises edge environment enabling a new class of applications for advanced monitoring and diagnostics, machine performance optimization, proactive maintenance and operational intelligence use cases. FogHorn’s technology is ideally suited for OEMs, systems integrators and end customers in manufacturing, power and water, oil and gas, renewable energy, mining, transportation, healthcare, retail, as well as Smart Grid, Smart City, Smart Building and connected vehicle applications. FogHorn and Lightning are trademarks of FogHorn Systems. The names of actual companies and products mentioned herein may be the trademarks of their respective owners. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/03/prweb14193836.htm Latest News Academic Assembly Launches e-Learning Courses Recipients of ACEA Bioscience’s Travel Award Announced for Winter 2017 Versare Solutions Partners With Do It Best to Do It Even Better West Monroe Partners Launches Partnership with Ellevate Network to Build the Next Generation of Women Leaders Vector™ Multi-Cook Oven Wins Kitchen Innovations® (KI) Award EzAccounting 2017 Business Software Has Been Updated With The Latest 941 Form HG Data Technology Featured in New Tool for Tracking IT Portfolio of Healthcare Organizations The Power of Fan Interaction for Advertisers Captured with Skyview Network’s SkyCap Technology is Debuting with the San Diego Padres Benefits of Shrink Wrapping Machines Released by Sontex Spacemetric selects Interoute’s cloud to manage space data © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Thu, Mar 30, 2017 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Funds Tracker Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Davos Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Jack Dorsey faces twin challenges of Twitter and Square Cantillon: Man who juggles top roles at social media giant and smartphone payment firm about an hour ago Square’s payment service enables small businesses to accept card and contactless payments. Photograph: Square UK/PA         If you want something done, ask a busy person to do it. That could be the defence for Jack Dorsey staying at the helm of both Twitter and Square. Two challenging jobs, two distinct sectors, one guiding light. Dorsey co-founded Square, the payments firm, in 2009. At its heart is a small device that attaches to smartphones and tablets via the headphone jack and acts as a mini card reader for debit and credit card payments. It has proved a hit with small US retailers to date and earlier this week launched in the UK. Here, Dorsey is better known as the co-founder of Twitter, the social media platform beloved of media types, although less so it seems by the younger members of the general public. Dorsey was ousted from his role as Twitter chief executive in 2008, with questions over his leadership style. It clearly hurt and led to some soul-searching. A new, improved Dorsey proved his mettle at Square. In 2015, in a move reminiscent of the career rollercoaster of that Silicon Valley deity Steve Jobs, he returned to the hot seat at Twitter after Dick Costolo resigned, initially as acting chief executive before taking the job permanently. Developing Square from scratch clearly made Dorsey a more rounded chief executive. Yet there are growing concerns that tackling both jobs at once is a task too far for even him. Cutting staff At Twitter, the pressure is on due to fairly stagnant user growth and issues over the use of bots – automated programmes – on the platform. Twitter has already been cutting staff to reduce expenses, while it fends off the challenge from social media rivals such as Snapchat and Facebook. Square doesn’t have things its own way either. While it has narrowed its losses, it’s still waiting for a profit. Swedish rival iZettle has investors that include Intel Capital and American Express, and a reported transaction volume of €3.5 billion in the 12 countries in which it operates. With global ambitions, Square’s decision to launch in the UK makes perfect sense, given the strength of the fintech sector there. Regardless of Brexit, the UK market is too big to ignore. Next stop Europe? If so then with Twitter’s European operations headquartered in Ireland the natural hub for a European assault by Square would be Dublin. Earlier this week Dorsey spoke of “potential synergies” between Twitter and Square. It seems a bit of a stretch to imagine any potential merger, but one link might be to make Ireland the European hub for both. Certainly that should be the focus of any IDA or IFSC efforts if they manage to get to present their post-Brexit pitch to Dorsey. As for the man himself, the jury is still out on whether he can double-job with success.       Topics: Cantillon Dick Costolo Jack Dorsey Steve Jobs IDA Ireland American Express Facebook Intel Snapchat Dublin(IE) Europe IFSC Ireland United Kingdom Read More Mind the gap: transition deal in Brexit talks vital for Ireland May begins task of managing Eurosceptic expectations Bears shorting Tullow return in force despite Odey’s harsh lesson Has Trump’s credibility on trade taken a big hit? Varadkar strategy on USC key to FG leadership contest Euro zone growth now much more than wishful thinking US data vote reveals Congress’s approach to privacy Samsung seeks revival with Galaxy S8 smartphone Squarespace set to expand in Ireland as it opens new office Arralis gets €50m from Hong Kong-based consortium AboutCantillon A man with a profound understanding of how money is made and lost, Kerry-born economist Richard Cantillon (1680s-1734) is a fitting namesake for this long-running column. Since 2009, Cantillon delivers succinct business comment on the stories behind the news. Read the articles Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE GO BACK The account details entered are not currently associated with an Irish Times subscription. Please subscribe to sign in to comment. Comment Sign In I agree to the Terms & Conditions, community standards and Privacy Policy SIGN IN Forgot password? Thank you You should receive instructions for resetting your password. When you have reset your password, you can Sign In. Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Screen Name Selection Hello Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Only letters, numbers, periods and hyphens are allowed in screen names. CONFIRM Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE Forgot Password Please enter your email address so we can send you a link to reset your password. SUBMIT Sign In Your Comments Sign In Sign Out We reserve the right to remove any content at any time from this Community, including without limitation if it violates the Community Standards. We ask that you report content that you in good faith believe violates the above rules by clicking the Flag link next to the offending comment or by filling out this form. New comments are only accepted for 3 days from the date of publication. Cantillon Our take - your business Jack Dorsey faces twin challenges of Twitter and Square Mind the gap: transition deal in Brexit talks vital for Ireland Has Trump’s credibility on trade taken a big hit? May begins task of managing Eurosceptic expectations Bears shorting Tullow return in force despite Odey’s harsh lesson Get an email each morning from the Irish Times business desk briefing you on significant business news. Find out what has happened and what is going to happen during the day ahead. Google ID Name Surname Email Sign Up I would also like to receive occasional update emails from The Irish Times Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper Subscriber Rewards Subscriber Tour Breaking news app IT Sunday My Account eBooks Email Newsletters Crossword Club Newspaper Archive Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Thu 30/3/2017 News Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Brexit Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations Subscriber Tour Explore the features of your subscription Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism My Account Manage your account IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
null
Home News New England U.S. & World Weather Health Tech Weird Making the Grade Making a Difference Suffolk In The City Weather Forecast Weather New England Maps & Radar School Closing Alerts Weather Alerts Weather Stories StormRanger Business CEO Corner Chief Execs Club Does It Work? TWIB On the Lookout Money Saving Mondays Politics The Take DC Dialogue Entertainment Sports Traffic Contact Us TV Listings 36° Connect Social Media Our Apps Newsletters Send us Videos and Pictures Send Tips Submit Tips Send Feedback Terms of Service Privacy Policy Visit our partner sites Rhode Island The latest news from around the state Connecticut|Maine|Massachusetts|New Hampshire|Rhode Island|Vermont Natural Gas Leak Shuts Down Portion of Rhode Island Highway By Melissa Buja NEWSLETTERS Receive the latest new-england updates in your inbox Email Privacy policy | More Newsletters WJAR-TV A natural gas leak closed a portion of Interstate-195 in Providence, Rhode Island, Wednesday night. Rhode Island State Police said the leak was in the area of Allens Avenue and Eddy Street, which was also shut down for a period of time. Video13 Dead, 2 Injured in Church Bus, Truck Collision in Texas: Officials National Grid arrived to the scene to shut down the leak but the cause was not yet determined. No injuries were reported. Intel. Leaders Pledge Teamwork for 1st Public Russia Hearing Just before midnight, I-195 was reopened. Published 6 hours ago | Updated 3 hours ago Get the latest from necn anywhere, anytime Download the App Available for IOS and Android Follow necn Leave Comments TV Listings News Weather Politics Business Entertainment Sports Traffic Contact Us Connect With Us FCC Independent Programming Report FCC News and Information Programming Report NBC Non-Profit News Partnership Reports Send Feedback Terms of service Privacy policy © 2017 NBCUniversal Media, LLC. All rights reserved. AdChoices
Home News New England U.S. & World Weather Health Tech Weird Making the Grade Making a Difference Suffolk In The City Weather Forecast Weather New England Maps & Radar School Closing Alerts Weather Alerts Weather Stories StormRanger Business CEO Corner Chief Execs Club Does It Work? TWIB On the Lookout Money Saving Mondays Politics The Take DC Dialogue Entertainment Sports Traffic Contact Us TV Listings 36° Connect Social Media Our Apps Newsletters Send us Videos and Pictures Send Tips Submit Tips Send Feedback Terms of Service Privacy Policy Visit our partner sites Massachusetts The latest news from around the state Connecticut|Maine|Massachusetts|New Hampshire|Rhode Island|Vermont Hazardous Materials Crew Conducts Investigation at Lawrence Building By Melissa Buja NEWSLETTERS Receive the latest new-england updates in your inbox Email Privacy policy | More Newsletters UP NEXT X Hazmat Crew Investigates Suspicious Chemical Link Embed Copy Close Link to this video //www.necn.com/on-air/as-seen-on/Hazmat-Crew-Investigates-Suspicious-Chemical-417533523.html Copy Close Embed this video <script type="text/javascript" charset="UTF-8" src="http://www.necn.com/portableplayer/?cmsID=417533523&videoID=_JxIiI0Wkjdc&origin=necn.com&sec=news&subsec=new-england&width=600&height=360"></script> Replay More videos (1 of 9) «» A hazardous materials team was called to investigate a suspicious chemical at building in Lawrence, Massachusetts, on Wednesday evening. (Published Wednesday, March 29, 2017) A hazardous materials team was called to investigate a suspicious chemical at building in Lawrence, Massachusetts, on Wednesday evening. Fire officials said crews were called to the Microsemi Corporation, a tech company, at about 6:30 p.m. when a haze was discovered in the basement and first floor of the Lake Street building. That haze first appeared to be some sort of chemical. Video13 Dead, 2 Injured in Church Bus, Truck Collision in Texas: Officials Authorities said the company does use chemicals but was unclear what could have caused the haze which may have started in the basement. The building was evacuated as well as all the buildings attached. Intel. Leaders Pledge Teamwork for 1st Public Russia Hearing No injuries have been reported. Fire officials said the cause may have been a refrigerant but hazardous materials crews remained on the scene later into the night to investigate. Seattle-Area 'Dreamer' Freed After Arrest by ICE Published at 9:19 PM EDT on Mar 29, 2017 | Updated at 11:41 PM EDT on Mar 29, 2017 Get the latest from necn anywhere, anytime Download the App Available for IOS and Android Follow necn Leave Comments TV Listings News Weather Politics Business Entertainment Sports Traffic Contact Us Connect With Us FCC Independent Programming Report FCC News and Information Programming Report NBC Non-Profit News Partnership Reports Send Feedback Terms of service Privacy policy © 2017 NBCUniversal Media, LLC. All rights reserved. AdChoices
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week What Would You Do? Live Live Empire State Building in the New York night sky RADAR: Severe thunderstorms hitting parts of the Central US Sydney Opera House in Sydney Harbor Skiers hit the slopes at Copper Mountain, CO Bald eagle and family in Fort Myers, Fla. Alpacas graze at the Stargazer Ranch in Loveland, CO Loch Arbor beach cam in New Jersey Atlantic coast in Gloucester, Mass. from Bass Rocks Ocean Inn Kittens play on 'Dorm Cam' in Los Angeles Atlantic coast in Gloucester, Mass from the Blue Shudders Beach Side Inn More Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality … … Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week What Would You Do? What Would You Do? Live Watch Some Republicans are losing patience with House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes More Some lawmakers are looking to the Senate to lead the investigation into Russian meddling in the election. 3:15 | 03/29/17 ABC Breaking News | Latest News Videos Coming up in the next {{countdown}} {{countdownlbl}} Coming up next: {{nextVideo.title}} {{nextVideo.description}} Skip to this video now Related Now Playing: {{currentVideo.title}} Resume Playing Video More information on this video Enhanced full screen Explore related content Share your favorite moment HELP Play Video Comments Related Extras Related Videos Video Transcript Transcript for Some Republicans are losing patience with House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes independent investigation into any possible collusion with Russia. Devin nunes, asked him about his mystery visit to the white house grounds. The intelligence he revealed to the white house first. Will he reveal his source? ABC's Mary Bruce on capitol hill. Reporter: Tonight, even Republicans are losing patience with the man running the house investigation into Russian interference in the election. Has he lost credibility? Concerned he can't lead an impartial investigation? I think so. I really do. Reporter: And now, they're looking to the senate to lead the charge. The issue's become pretty polarized in the house. Reporter: House intelligence committee chairman Devin nunes, who was on the trump transition team, came under fire for rushing to brief the white house on information he uncovered. We then learned that the day before he had a secret meeting with a source on white house grounds. Still not going to share your source? Look, I've answered these questions over and over again and will continue to do that but there's nothing new to report. Reporter: On Monday, white house press secretary Sean spicer promised to look into who that source was. Today, he said he still didn't know. I have asked some preliminary questions and I haven't gotten answers yet. But so no, I don't have anything further on that. Reporter: On "Good morning America," even one of the president's closest allies is criticizing nunes. Do you think congressman nunes should recuse himself? Listen, that's a very, very personal decision about what congressman nunes thinks is best to do for him. So, governor, you don't have a problem with the congressman going to the white house first with Intel before his own committee and no problem with his mystery meeting on white house grounds just 24 hours before that? It wouldn't have been the way I would have done things but I don't know if that means he has to recuse himself. That's a personal decision that the congressman has to make on his own. Reporter: Nunes is pointing the finger across the aisle. I'm trying to figure out who's serious about doing investigations because it appears like Democrats are not very serious about it. Reporter: With his house committee stalled, tonight the senate is plowing ahead with its Russia investigation. The Republican and democratic committee leaders eager to show a united front. I have confidence in Richard burr that we together with the members of the committee are going to get to the bottom of this. Reporter: They made clear to distance themselves from the circumstance. Any circumstance in which you wouldn't share with Mr. Warner your sources on this investigation? He usually knows my sources before I do. And I've also got his cell phone. Reporter: When Warner and burr say they always share all their sources, they have each other's cell phone numbers? I would question that that's the case. Reporter: Doesn't apply to your committee though? No. No. Thank you. Mary, it seems those two senators, Democrat and Republican standing by side by side, leading the investigation on the senate side, no such chaos in their committee, when do they hold their first hearing, tomorrow? That first hearing is tomorrow. Despite the president's claims that the Russian story is a hoax, but they insist they'll go wherever the intelligence leads them. So far they've reached out to 20 witnesses including Jared Kushner, the president's son-in-law. Mary, thank you. This question for the white house tonight, was he joking or This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate. Paul Ryan says Devin Nunes shouldn't recuse himself from Russia investigation House Speaker Paul Ryan today reiterated his solidarity with Rep. Devin Nunes, saying he should not recuse himself from the Russia investigation. Now Playing: Paul Ryan says Devin Nunes shouldn't recuse himself from Russia investigation Now Playing: Nunes' secret White House visit on Trump surveillance triggers calls for recusal Now Playing: Inside Ivanka Trump's new role at the White House Now Playing: Some Republicans are losing patience with House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes Now Playing: Hillary Clinton says the failure of the GOP health care bill is a victory for the American people Now Playing: Trump expected to sign bill allowing internet providers to sell user web data Now Playing: Breaking down Wednesday's White House press briefing Now Playing: House votes to block Obama-era online privacy rule Now Playing: Sean Spicer to reporter April Ryan: 'Stop shaking your head' Now Playing: Former aide to Gov. Chris Christie gets prison term in bridge scandal Now Playing: Sally Yates: Everything you need to know Now Playing: President Trump pledges 'easy' health care deal after defeat Now Playing: Hillary Clinton takes aim at Trump administration Now Playing: New fallout in House investigation of alleged Russia election meddling Now Playing: Government watchdog to review Mar-a-Lago cost and security Now Playing: Hillary Clinton hits Trump administration on gender diversity Now Playing: Major rollback on climate rules Now Playing: President Trump signs energy independence executive order Now Playing: Devin Nunes won't recuse himself from Russia probe Now Playing: Fire hero's life mission Now Playing: {{itm.title}} {"id":46456787,"title":"Some Republicans are losing patience with House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes","duration":"3:15","description":"Some lawmakers are looking to the Senate to lead the investigation into Russian meddling in the election.","url":"/WNT/video/republicans-losing-patience-house-intelligence-committee-chairman-devin-46456787","section":"WNT","mediaType":"default"} Yahoo!-ABC News Network Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 March 2017 by Military News Global Next Generation Processors Market to Exhibit an Impressive CAGR of 17.6% During 2016-2024 Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 03/29/2017 — Next generation processors are high end processors that are widely used in smartphones, intelligent cars and intelligent buildings among others. Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) has recently announced the addition of a research report to its enormous online offerings. The research report is titled „Global Next Generation Processors Market – Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2016-2024”. This study is a professional and in-depth analysis on the present state and future prospect of the global next generation processors market. It includes a comprehensive executive summary along with a market overview providing exhaustive information about various aspects related to the market. Request For Sample Report@ http://www.mrrse.com/sample/2539 According to Transparency Market Research, the global next generation processor market will exhibit an impressive CAGR of 17.6% between 2016 and 2024. At this pace, the market will reach US$165.27 billion mark by the end of 2024, from a valuation of US$41.41 billion in 2015. Additionally, the report provides assessment of growth drivers and restraints which are impacting the global market, along with key findings, opportunities and market outlook. According to key findings of the report, the demand for next generation processors is mainly driven by their extensive use in smartphones, intelligent buildings, automated systems, intelligent cars and other applications. However, high cost of raw materials such as silicon and aluminum is restraining the growth trajectory of this market. Moreover, after taking all these factors into consideration, an extensive analysis of the region wise growth parameters of the industry along with the overall assessment for the period of 2016-2024 has been also been provided within this report. The market for next generation processor is segmented based on end-user and the segments are consumer electronics, automotive & manufacturing, information & communication technology and others. Moreover, the market is also segmented on the basis of machine into handheld, computers and others. On the basis of geographical locations, the regional segments analyzed in the study include: North America Europe Latin America Asia Pacific Middle East and Africa (MEA) Browse Full Global Next Generation Processors Market Report with TOC:http://www.mrrse.com/next-generation-processors-market Some of the leading players operating in the market are Intel Corporation (US), Advanced Micro Devices Inc. (U.S.), United Microelectronics Corporation, VIA Technologies Inc. (Taiwan), Fujitsu Ltd (Japan), Atmel Corporation, Qualcomm Incorporated, Nvidia Corporation, IBM Corporation and Acer Group (Taiwan). These market players have been profiled in terms of aspects such as company details such as HQ, foundation year, employee strength, market presence by segment and geography, key developments, SWOT analysis, strategic overview, revenue and year on year growth. About Market Research Reports Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) is an industry-leading database of market intelligence reports. MRRSE is driven by a stellar team of research experts and advisors trained to offer objective advice. Our sophisticated search algorithm returns results based on the report title, geographical region, publisher, or other keywords. MRRSE partners exclusively with leading global publishers to provide clients single-point access to top-of-the-line market research. MRRSE’s repository is updated every day to keep its clients ahead of the next new trend in market research, be it competitive intelligence, product or service trends or strategic consulting. Contact State Tower 90, State Street Suite 700 Albany, NY – 12207 United States Telephone: 518-730-0559 Email: sales@mrrse.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsAutomotive, Companies, company, Geography, Industry, intelligence, Markets, service, Technology, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious AuRico Metals Provides Update on Royalties Fosterville (2% NSR Royalty) Reserves Increase by 66% Next PostNext Text Analytics Market : Global Snapshot by 2021 Posted on 30 March 2017 by Military News Global Next Generation Processors Market to Exhibit an Impressive CAGR of 17.6% During 2016-2024 Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 03/29/2017 — Next generation processors are high end processors that are widely used in smartphones, intelligent cars and intelligent buildings among others. Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) has recently announced the addition of a research report to its enormous online offerings. The research report is titled „Global Next Generation Processors Market – Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2016-2024”. This study is a professional and in-depth analysis on the present state and future prospect of the global next generation processors market. It includes a comprehensive executive summary along with a market overview providing exhaustive information about various aspects related to the market. Request For Sample Report@ http://www.mrrse.com/sample/2539 According to Transparency Market Research, the global next generation processor market will exhibit an impressive CAGR of 17.6% between 2016 and 2024. At this pace, the market will reach US$165.27 billion mark by the end of 2024, from a valuation of US$41.41 billion in 2015. Additionally, the report provides assessment of growth drivers and restraints which are impacting the global market, along with key findings, opportunities and market outlook. According to key findings of the report, the demand for next generation processors is mainly driven by their extensive use in smartphones, intelligent buildings, automated systems, intelligent cars and other applications. However, high cost of raw materials such as silicon and aluminum is restraining the growth trajectory of this market. Moreover, after taking all these factors into consideration, an extensive analysis of the region wise growth parameters of the industry along with the overall assessment for the period of 2016-2024 has been also been provided within this report. The market for next generation processor is segmented based on end-user and the segments are consumer electronics, automotive & manufacturing, information & communication technology and others. Moreover, the market is also segmented on the basis of machine into handheld, computers and others. On the basis of geographical locations, the regional segments analyzed in the study include: North America Europe Latin America Asia Pacific Middle East and Africa (MEA) Browse Full Global Next Generation Processors Market Report with TOC:http://www.mrrse.com/next-generation-processors-market Some of the leading players operating in the market are Intel Corporation (US), Advanced Micro Devices Inc. (U.S.), United Microelectronics Corporation, VIA Technologies Inc. (Taiwan), Fujitsu Ltd (Japan), Atmel Corporation, Qualcomm Incorporated, Nvidia Corporation, IBM Corporation and Acer Group (Taiwan). These market players have been profiled in terms of aspects such as company details such as HQ, foundation year, employee strength, market presence by segment and geography, key developments, SWOT analysis, strategic overview, revenue and year on year growth. About Market Research Reports Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) is an industry-leading database of market intelligence reports. MRRSE is driven by a stellar team of research experts and advisors trained to offer objective advice. Our sophisticated search algorithm returns results based on the report title, geographical region, publisher, or other keywords. MRRSE partners exclusively with leading global publishers to provide clients single-point access to top-of-the-line market research. MRRSE’s repository is updated every day to keep its clients ahead of the next new trend in market research, be it competitive intelligence, product or service trends or strategic consulting. Contact State Tower 90, State Street Suite 700 Albany, NY – 12207 United States Telephone: 518-730-0559 Email: sales@mrrse.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsAutomotive, Companies, company, Geography, Industry, intelligence, Markets, service, Technology, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious AuRico Metals Provides Update on Royalties Fosterville (2% NSR Royalty) Reserves Increase by 66% Next PostNext Text Analytics Market : Global Snapshot by 2021 Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
POLITICO Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure PRO Already a Pro? Why Go Pro? Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results POLITICO Live POLITICO Live Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About POLITICO Live Multimedia All Video POLITICO Podcasts Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 The First 100 Days: Trade Connect With Us A Liberal Fantasy Ripped from a Hollywood Script Democrats want to make GOP pay for attacking internet rules Senate steps up as House Russia probe flails No worries for Nunes back home Sean Spicer’s kiss of death: ‘Phenomenal’ Trump’s loose grip on history is biting him Congress No worries for Nunes back home In his California congressional district, the House Intelligence chair gets the benefit of the doubt. By David Siders 03/29/17 06:36 PM EDT Back home, however, there is little evidence that Rep. Devin Nunes’ grind through news cycle after news cycle is turning his district against him. | Getty Facebook Twitter Google + Email Comment Print TULARE, Calif. — Devin Nunes, the embattled chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, is caught in a Washington maelstrom surrounding his role in the Trump-Russia investigation. Democrats are demanding he recuse himself from the probe. Even a few Republican colleagues have called his stewardship into question amid concerns of coordination between the congressman and the White House. Back home, however, there is little evidence that Nunes’ grind through news cycle after news cycle is turning his district against him. Even Republicans left scratching their heads by his actions are inclined to give Nunes the benefit of the doubt. If anything, his difficulties in Washington are only improving his stock among Republicans at home. Story Continued Below “Every time Devin comes on TV, we’re very proud of him,” said Mariann Hedstrom, chairwoman of the Tulare County Republican Party. Earlier this week, while plowing through yet another segment on Nunes, the afternoon host on Fresno’s KMJ talk radio expressed sympathy for his plight, perplexed by the “strange ride” the Central Valley Republican took to meet a source on White House grounds but largely reserving judgment. “The way he’s being lambasted and barbecued right now, how much worse can it get?” said the host, Chris Daniel, before turning to a live shot of Nunes on TV. “Somebody please get this guy a Tempur-Pedic and 10 hours alone so he can sleep.” Nunes tries to blame Democrats for troubled Russia probe By Aidan Quigley and Nolan D. McCaskill Once named one of Time magazine’s “40 under 40” civic leaders, Nunes, now 43, has cultivated a loyal following in his hometown as a member of a prominent farming family in this agricultural city straddling Highway 99. His supporters portray him as a victim of partisan politics. If they are unsure about his activities — including his decision to brief President Donald Trump on evidence that he said showed members of Trump’s transition team came under inadvertent surveillance — they are inclined to set their reservations aside. “My guess is he probably wishes he did something different when he talked to the president,” said Steve Brandau, a Republican member of the Fresno City Council who said he nevertheless supports Nunes fully. “I haven’t seen anything that’s really given me pause yet,” Brandau said. “I have no idea the way it works in the intelligence community. … He’s earned that, to give him the benefit of the doubt.” The dominant newspaper in Nunes’ district, the Fresno Bee, was less forgiving over the weekend, calling Nunes’ handling of the investigation “inept and bewildering” and describing him as “subservient” to Trump. The editorial served to reinforce some groaning among critics — some of them national Republicans — who view Nunes as out of his depth. “The problem that he’s created is he’s gone off on a lark by himself, sort of an Inspector Clouseau investigation here,” Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina said on NBC’s “Today” show Tuesday. “The only way this thing can be repaired is he tells his colleagues on the House Intel committee who he met with and what he saw and let them look at the same information.” Yet Nunes maintains the support of Republicans in the House, and in a home district where Republicans outnumber Democrats by 10 percentage points but are still growing accustomed to a local representative making national headline news. White House Trump breaks the silent treatment with Schumer: ‘Hello, Chuck’ By Shane Goldmacher and Burgess Everett Johnny Amaral, Nunes' former longtime chief of staff, said Nunes is “not a guy who rushes towards reporters or news cameras.” “I have no idea what it is he knows, but the Devin I knew doesn’t do this type of stuff normally,” Amaral said. “And if he does … I can only surmise that it’s something big.” In the weeks after Trump’s election, speculation circulated in Tulare that the congressman might move into the administration. He was not an early endorser of the president’s campaign, but he was no resister, and he was close enough to the inner circle that he served on the transition team. When he did not land an administration post, it was widely assumed that he would resume his previous, lower profile. Now, while Republicans root him on, there are also signs that Nunes’ constituents are tiring of the controversy. Over a highball at the Elks Lodge in Tulare this week, Jim Lowrey, a Democrat, said “you never did hear too much about Devin over the last seven, eight years,” and for all that time he “did a really pretty good job.” But in recent weeks, Lowrey said, “I think he’s protecting Trump.” Lowrey’s date, Karen McKinney, a Republican, disagreed, and she was eager to move on from Russia. As long as Washington focuses on the investigation, she said, “nothing’s going to get done.” POLITICO Huddle A preview of the day's congressional news — in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time. The Central Valley is not unaccustomed to public expressions of partisan politics. Roadside signs blaming House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi and other Democrats for environmental policies restricting water deliveries to the area have stood for years amid orchards and vineyards as fixtures of the landscape. Nunes has contributed to the discord, as well, sharply criticizing Pelosi in recent years and, at one point, running ads attacking Sen. Dianne Feinstein. Pelosi has returned the favor in full, recently referring to her California colleague as “deeply compromised” and “a stooge of the president.” Connie Conway, a former state Assembly Republican leader from Tulare, said she can “hardly look at Facebook anymore … The world has gotten so hyperpolitical, and even an old political hack like me, I tire of it.” Conway, who has known Nunes since before he won election to Congress in 2002, described him as a “serious person” who is “just trying to get to the truth” in the Russia investigation. “He’s not doing these things lightly,” she said. “People that are critical of anything that a person with an ‘R’ after their name does are using (the investigation) as an excuse to be critical of him.” Conway had one other complaint — about the pronunciation of Nunes’ name. “I wish they’d say his name right,” she said. “If I hear that Chuck Schumer one more time calling him ‘Núñez' — it drives me crazy.” Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Authors: David Siders dsiders@politico.com @davidsiders This story tagged under: White House Russia House Intelligence Committee Devin Nunes Lindsey Graham California Donald Trump Adam Schiff House Of Representatives President Donald Trump Donald Trump Presidency Trump Russia scandal POLITICO Podcast: The Global Politico The Global Politico puts punditry aside in favor of candid, in-depth conversations about global politics with those who are helping shape it with chief international affairs columnist and host Susan B. Glasser. Subscribe | Listen on Soundcloud | Listen on Stitcher | Sign Up Now Show Comments Most Read Sean Spicer’s kiss of death: ‘Phenomenal’ Trump could blow up Obamacare with one move New York Times to Trump: ‘We did not apologize’ Nunes tries to blame Democrats for troubled Russia probe Poll: Health care debacle takes toll on Trump Energy Department climate office bans use of phrase ‘climate change’ A Liberal Fantasy Ripped from a Hollywood Script Democrat O'Rourke to take on Cruz for Senate in 2018 Trump pokes at Christie over his endorsement Reeling Republicans desperate for a win on Gorsuch Politico Magazine The Crisis of Trumpism By Rich Lowry When Is It OK for Democrats to Work With Trump? A Handy Guide By Bill Scher ‘They Think We Are Slaves’ By Zack Kopplin Four Things Trump Could Do Right Now To Fix Obamacare By Michael Grunwald More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video Podcasts POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York POLITICO Live Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Print Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 March 2017 by Military News The Connected Car Ecosystem – The Fastest Growing Segments of the IoT – Forecast 2016-2030: Key Market Players & Technology Advancements Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 03/29/2017 — The growing proliferation of embedded in-vehicle connectivity and smartphone integration platforms has made connected cars one of the fastest growing segments of the IoT (Internet of Things) market. Keen to establish recurring post-sale service revenue streams, all major automotive OEMs are investing in connected car programs. Other ecosystem players, such as mobile operators and telematics specialists, are also vying to gain a larger share of the opportunity. In fact, many mobile operators have expanded beyond their traditional role as connectivity providers, to offer end-to-end connected car platforms directly to automotive OEMs and aftermarket suppliers. By the end of 2016, SNS Research estimates that connected car services will account for $14 Billion in annual revenue, driven by a host of applications, including but not limited to infotainment, navigation, fleet management, remote diagnostics, automatic crash notification, enhanced safety, UBI (Usage Based Insurance), traffic management and semi-autonomous driving. Get a Sample Research PDF with TOC: http://www.researchmoz.us/enquiry.php?type=S&repid=804869 The „”Connected Car Ecosystem: 2016 – 2030 – Opportunities, Challenges, Strategies & Forecasts”” report presents an in-depth assessment of the connected car ecosystem including OEM connected car programs, enabling technologies, key trends, market drivers, challenges, applications, collaborative initiatives, regulatory landscape, standardization, opportunities, future roadmap, value chain, ecosystem player profiles and strategies. The report also presents market size forecasts for connected car services from 2016 through to 2030. The forecasts are segmented for 3 connectivity models, 5 application categories, 5 regions and 17 leading countries. The report comes with an associated Excel datasheet suite covering quantitative data from all numeric forecasts presented in the report. The report covers the following topics: – Connected car ecosystem – Market drivers and barriers – Enabling technologies and key trends – Connected car programs and platform offerings – Embedded, tethered and integrated connectivity models – Analysis of key applications and opportunities – Regulatory landscape, collaborative initiatives and standardization – Industry roadmap and value chain – Profiles and strategies of over 240 leading ecosystem players, including automotive OEMs, mobile operators and connected car platform specialists – Strategic recommendations for ecosystem players – Market analysis and forecasts from 2016 till 2030 Connectivity Model – Embedded – Tethered – Integrated Application Category – Communications, Infotainment & Payments – Navigation & Location Services – Vehicle Management – Safety & Security – Driver Assistance & Autonomous Driving Embedded Car Connections – GSM – CDMA-2000 – W-CDMA – TD-SCDMA – LTE & 5G – Satellite & Other Technologies Enquiry at: http://www.researchmoz.us/enquiry.php?type=E&repid=804869 The report has the following key findings: – By the end of 2016, SNS Research estimates that connected car services will account for $14 Billion in annual revenue, driven by a host of applications. The market is further expected to grow at a CAGR of 31% between 2016 and 2020. – Although the market is presently dominated by infotainment and telematics, connected driver assistance systems and autonomous driving applications will witness the highest growth rate over the next four years. – Multiple automotive OEMs are beginning to integrate in-vehicle payment capabilities with their connected car platforms to make it possible for drivers to pay for services such as fuel, parking, food and tolling, without having to leave their vehicles. – The connected car ecosystem continues to consolidate, with larger players investing in acquisitions to increase their market share, technical capabilities, revenue and geographic reach. For example, semiconductor giant Intel has made a spate of acquisitions including Altera, Yogitech, Arynga and Itseez, to bolster its IoT and connected car capabilities. – Many mobile operators have expanded beyond their traditional role as connectivity providers, to offer end-to-end connected car platforms directly to automotive OEMs and aftermarket suppliers. List of Companies Mentioned About ResearchMoz ResearchMoz is the world’s fastest growing collection of market research reports worldwide. Our database is composed of current market studies from over 100 featured publishers worldwide. Our market research databases integrate statistics with analysis from global, regional, country and company perspectives. ResearchMoz’s service portfolio also includes value-added services such as market research customization, competitive landscaping, and in-depth surveys, delivered by a team of experienced Research Coordinators. Contact Us: Mr. Nachiket Albany NY – 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-621-2074 Tel: 866-997-4948 (Us-Canada Toll Free) Email: sales@researchmoz.us Follow us on LinkedIn at: http://bit.ly/1TBmnVG CategoriesUncategorized TagsAutomotive, Companies, company, fleet, Food and Beverage, Industry, Internet, leave, major, Markets, post, satellite, service, Space, Technology, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Mobile Water Treatment Market- Ovivo, Pall Corporation, Lenntech, MPW, Orenco, Osmoflo Next PostNext Global Isoamyl Alcohol Market- Oxiteno, Petrom, Sanjiang Chemical, Nimble Technologies, Oxea-Chemicals Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 March 2017 by Military News Global Connected Logistics Market to Reach $73,864.1 Million by 2023 By P&S Market Research Global Connected Logistics Market Size, Share, Development, Growth and Demand Forecast to 2023 – Industry Insights by Software (Asset Management, Warehouse Internet of Things (IoT), Security, Data Management, Network Management, and Streaming Analytics), by Platform (Device Management, Application Management and Connectivity Management), by Service (Professional Service and Managed Service), by Transportation Mode (Roadways, Railways, Airways and Waterways) Global connected logistics market to reach $73,864.1 million by 2023 The study reveals that the global connected logistics market is likely to reach $73,864.1 million by 2023. Due to significant growth in technologies such as IoT, advancement in big data analytics, and real time monitoring, the global connected logistics market is gaining traction. Insights on market segments As per the findings of the research, asset management has been the largest software market in the global connected logistics market. Among various platforms, application management witnessed the highest growth in demand from 2014 to 2016 and this segment is expected to continue leading the growth of the market during the forecast period. Retail industry has been the highest user of connected logistics market. However, the market is expected to witness fastest growth in demand from IT and telecom industry, during the forecast period.  To Browse Full Report Visit Here: https://www.psmarketresearch.com/market-analysis/connected-logistics-market The market to witness fastest growth in Asia-Pacific during the forecast period Geographically, North America has been the largest market for connected logistics, whereas Asia-Pacific is expected to witness the fastest growth among all the regions, during the forecast period. The expected growth can be owed to factors such as growth of digitalization, advancement in new technologies, growth in retail industry, and increasing adoption of connected technologies by major logistics providers in the region. Further, due to rapid technological advancements in supply chain management and improvement in technology infrastructure, the region has high tendency to adopt connected logistics solution at a rapid scale in near future. Professional service becomes the larger connected logistics market globally Professional service has been the larger contributor to the global connected logistics market. Professional services are required during and after successful implementation of connected logistics system in every industry. The services are offered through specialists or professionals for supporting various critical business operations. Factors such as expert consulting, seamless system integration, on-time support and services, reduced resource loss, and overall effective logistics management have been driving the demand for professional services in the global connected logistics market. Browse For Related Research Visit Here: https://www.psmarketresearch.com/industry-report/ict-and-media Growth in IoT bolsters the global connected logistics market growth The factors driving the growth of the global connected logistics market include significant growth in IoT, decreasing cost of communication devices, increasing need for logistic operational efficiency, and adoption of smart devices globally. Technological advancements have led to low cost, smarter and better communication devices. These devices, providing ease of connectivity, are being implemented across industries, including transportation and logistics, to improve operational efficiency through effective data communication. With the advent of internet connections and development of advanced communication technologies, new logistic solutions are improving the overall efficiency of freight transportation, warehouse operations and end delivery. Moderate competition among key players in the global market The research states that the global connected logistics market is moderately competitive with players developing new connected logistics approach. Some of the key players in the connected logistics ecosystem are AT&T, Inc., IBM Corporation, Intel Corporation, SAP SE, Infosys Limited, Cisco Systems Inc., HCL Technologies Limited, and Cloud Logistics. Most of the vendors prevailing in the global connected logistics market are actively participating in organic and inorganic strategies. Many of them are entering strategic partnership to help the industries such as retail, healthcare, and manufacturing in operational transformation, while others are enhancing their capabilities for rich connected logistics offerings.  About P&S Market Research P&S Market Research is a market research company, which offers market research and consulting services for various geographies around the globe. We provide market research reports, industry forecasting reports, business intelligence, and research based consulting services across different industry/business verticals. As one of the top growing market research agency, we’re keen upon providing market landscape and accurate forecasting. Our analysts and consultants are proficient with business intelligence and market analysis, through their interaction with leading companies of the concerned domain. We help our clients with B2B market research and assist them in identifying various windows of opportunity, and framing informed and customized business expansion strategies in different regions. Media Contact Company Name: P&S Market Research Contact Person: Abhishek Email: enquiry@psmarketresearch.com Phone: +1-888-778-7886 Address:347 5th Ave. #1402- 210 City: New York City State: New York Country: United States Website: https://www.psmarketresearch.com/market-analysis/connected-logistics-market CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, company, Industry, intelligence, Internet, major, Markets, News & Current Affairs, service, Technology Post navigation Previous PostPrevious TricksonTop.pw Introduces a Tool for Unlimited Simoleons, Simcash and Golden Keys for SimCity Buildit Next PostNext Global Nuclear Imaging Equipment Market to Witness 4.8% CAGR during 2017 – 2023 by P&S Market Research Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Gesture Recognition and Touchless Sensing Market by Technology, Product, Industry, and Geography - Global Forecast to 2022 News provided by Reportlinker Mar 29, 2017, 17:26 ET Share this article NEW YORK, March 29, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- "Surging application of gesture control features in automobiles and favorable programs deployed by the government are expected to drive the growth of gesture recognition and touchless sensing market" The gesture recognition market is expected to be worth USD 18.98 billion by 2022, growing at a CAGR of 29.63% between 2017 and 2022. The touchless sensing market is expected to be worth USD 15.27 billion by 2022, growing at a CAGR of 17.44% between 2017 and 2022. Gesture recognition technology-enabled devices are equipped with simple functionalities, which supports low technical complexities for end users and accelerates the adoption of gesture recognition systems among original equipment/device manufacturers (OEMs/ODMs). Moreover, the increasing digitalization across industries is fueling the growth of the gesture recognition market. The absence of haptic sensation and comparatively high power consumption are expected to be the major restraints affecting the growth of the gesture recognition market. The factors such as reduction of hygiene concerns due to presence of touchless sanitary solutions and gradually diversifying scope for touchless sensing technology in multiple industries including healthcare and consumer electronics are driving the growth of the touchless sensing market. "The touchless gesture recognition technology market is likely to grow at the highest rate during the forecast period" The highest growth rate throughout the forecast period for touchless technology is due to the enhanced user experience while operating touchless devices. Touchless gesture recognition technology uses 2D and 3D cameras, infrared sensor arrays, ultrasonic, and capacitive screens to analyze its surrounding and enable gesture recognition functionality in an electronic device. The data acquisition is done in two ways either by capturing 2D image for analysis using current cameras deployed in smartphones, laptops, and other consumer devices or by recording 3D data by using several components such as two 2D cameras (stereoscopic), structure light, 3D time-of-flight cameras, and ultrasonic, capacitive, or infrared arrays. "Touchless sensing market in Asia-Pacific to grow at the highest CAGR" On a global level, Asia-Pacific (APAC) is expected to rank first in the gesture recognition market and third in the touchless sensing market during the forecast period. The APAC region has a potential market for gesture recognition and touchless sensing products, owing to the presence of emerging economies such as China and India in this region. The increasing hygiene awareness and advanced security standards in emerging countries, such as India and China, are propelling the growth of the gesture recognition and touchless sensing solutions. Moreover, in countries such as China, Japan, and South Korea, the governments give prime importance to the security aspect and thus there are numerous initiatives implemented in these countries for the security of citizens. In the process of determining and verifying the market size for several segments and subsegments obtained through secondary research, extensive primary interviews have been conducted with officials from the key companies. The breakup of the profile of primaries has been given below: - By Company Type: Tier 1 – 25 %, Tier 2 – 35%, and Tier 3 – 40% - By Designation: C-Level Executives – 35%, Directors – 25%, and Others – 40% - By Region: Europe – 43%, APAC – 29%, North America – 14%, and RoW – 14% The key players in the gesture recognition and touchless sensing market profiled in the report are as follows: 1. Infineon Technologies AG (Germany) 2. Qualcomm Technologies, Inc. (U.S.) 3. eyeSight Technologies Ltd (Israel) 4. Cognitec Systems GmbH (Germany) 5. Intel Corporation (U.S.) 6. Crossmatch (U.S.) 7. PointGrab (Israel) 8. Elliptic Labs (Norway) 9. Google, Inc. (U.S.) 10. Apple, Inc. (U.S.) 11. Microsoft Corporation (U.S.) 12. Microchip Technology, Inc. (U.S.) 13. OmniVision Technologies Inc. (U.S.) 14. Sony Corporation (Japan) 15. pmdtechnologies ag (Germany) Research Coverage: The report studies the gesture recognition and touchless sensing market segmented on the basis of technology, product and industry. The report also includes the forecast of the market size, in terms of value, with respect to four main geographical regions—Americas, Europe, Asia-Pacific (APAC), and Rest of the World (RoW). The study identifies and analyzes the market dynamics such as drivers, restraints, opportunities, and industry-specific challenges for the market. The report also profiles the key players operating in the gesture recognition and touchless sensing market as well as describes the overall value chain of the market and Porter's five forces. Reasons to Buy the Report: 1. The report would help stakeholders to understand the pulse of the market and provide them information on the key market drivers, restraints, challenges, and opportunities. 2. This report would help stakeholders to understand their competitors better and gain more insights to enhance their position in the market. The competitive landscape section includes the competitor ecosystem and the recent development strategies adopted by the key players in the market such as new product launches and developments, partnerships, and mergers and acquisitions. Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p04801486-summary/view-report.html About Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place. http://www.reportlinker.com __________________________ Contact Clare: clare@reportlinker.com US: (339)-368-6001 Intl: +1 339-368-6001 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/gesture-recognition-and-touchless-sensing-market-by-technology-product-industry-and-geography---global-forecast-to-2022-300431495.html SOURCE Reportlinker Related Links http://www.reportlinker.com Mar 29, 2017, 17:31 ET Preview: Automotive NVH Materials Market by Type, Application, Vehicle Type - Global Forecast to 2021 Mar 29, 2017, 17:21 ET Preview: Global Enterprise Software Market (By Segment, Industry Verticals, Geography and Vendors) and Forecast to 2022 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Mar 29, 2017, 17:31 ETAutomotive NVH Materials Market by Type, Application, Vehicle... Mar 29, 2017, 17:21 ETGlobal Enterprise Software Market (By Segment, Industry... Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Publishing & Information Services Biotechnology Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Gesture Recognition and Touchless Sensing Market by Technology, Product, Industry, and Geography - Global Forecast to 2022 News provided by Reportlinker Mar 29, 2017, 17:26 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
View Newsmax Mobile Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Special 270 Ways to Slash Your 2016 Tax Bill Home | America Tags: anheuser busch | going green | budweiser | renewable energy Anheuser-Busch Announces Plan to Go 100% Green By Solange Reyner   |   Wednesday, 29 Mar 2017 04:10 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    Brewing powerhouse Anheuser-Busch InBev is going big on renewable energy, CNBC reports. The company announced Monday it was committing to secure 100 percent of its purchased electricity from renewable sources by 2025. "Climate change has profound implications for our company and for the communities where we live and work," CEO Carlos Brito said in a press release. "Cutting back on fossil fuels is good for the environment and good for business, and we are committed to helping drive positive change. We have the opportunity to play a leading role in the battle against climate change by purchasing energy in a more sustainable way." The move will cut Anheuser Busch's carbon footprint by 30 percent. Electricity will come from onsite solar panels and direct power purchasing agreements, the statement said. Intel is the largest green power user in the world according to the United States Environmental Protection Agency's "Green Power Partnership National Top 100" list. Green Power, as defined by the EPA is electricity produced from solar, wind, geothermal, biogas, eligible biomass, and low-impact small hydroelectric sources Microsoft Corp., Kohl's, Cisco Systems Inc. and Google Inc. round out the top five. Related Stories: Evolving Sustainability Through the Peer-to-Peer Energy Market If Only Solar Energy Was as Plentiful as Tax Dollars © 2017 Newsmax. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share US Brewing powerhouse Anheuser-Busch InBev is going big on renewable energy, CNBC reports. anheuser busch, going green, budweiser, renewable energy 192 Wednesday, 29 Mar 2017 04:10 PM 2017-10-29 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Hot Topics 2016 Elections Donald Trump ISIS/Islamic State Gun Rights Russia More Hot Topics Follow Newsmax Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow @Newsmax Add us on Google Plus Around The Web Powered by Newsmax You May Also Like Report: Obama Aides Routinely Saw NSA Intel Wednesday, 29 Mar 2017 23:53 PM President Barack Obama's top aides routinely reviewed intelligence reports from the National Security Agency's incidenta . . . U.S. Judge to Consider Objection to Trump University Settlement Wednesday, 29 Mar 2017 22:27 PM A U.S. judge will hear arguments on Thursday over whether to grant final approval to a $25 million settlement of fraud l . . . Mexican State Prosecutor Charged with Drug Smuggling in US Wednesday, 29 Mar 2017 20:59 PM  . . . More Most Commented Ryan to Trump: Votes Aren't There for Heathcare Bill Friday, 24 Mar 2017 | 1479 comments So long as Paul Ryan is in the speakership there will never be anything... Sessions Threatens to Withhold Funds in Sanctuary City Crackdown Monday, 27 Mar 2017 | 636 comments Start arresting these politicians as once in jail the reality of their... Politico: Freedom Caucus Had Secret Pact, Led to Plan's Failure Monday, 27 Mar 2017 | 506 comments The "Freedom Caucus" what and whom are they? The residue from the Tea... Trump: Healthcare Deal Will Happen 'Very Quickly' Wednesday, 29 Mar 2017 | 433 comments The real winner has been the American people; the prior bill that was... Angry Over Healthcare Fail, Trump Voters Spare Him Blame Sunday, 26 Mar 2017 | 534 comments I love how people are trying to paint this as a Trump "failure".1st, the... Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc.   NEWSMAX.COM America's News Page ©  Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska 5G Wireless Ecosystem Market Research Report 2017-2030: $28 Billion in Annual Spending by the End of 2025 - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets Mar 29, 2017, 13:45 ET Share this article DUBLIN, Mar. 29, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of SNS Research's new report "The 5G Wireless Ecosystem: 2017 - 2030 - Technologies, Applications, Verticals, Strategies & Forecasts" to their offering. The 5G Wireless Ecosystem: 2017 - 2030 - Technologies, Applications, Verticals, Strategies & Forecasts report presents an in-depth assessment of the emerging 5G ecosystem including key market drivers, challenges, enabling technologies, usage scenarios, vertical market applications, mobile operator deployment commitments, case studies, spectrum availability/allocation, standardization, research initiatives and vendor strategies. The report also presents forecasts for 5G investments and operator services. Despite the lack of sufficient LTE coverage in parts of the world, mobile operators and vendors have already embarked on R&D initiatives to develop 5G, the next evolution in mobile networks. 5G is expected to provide a single network environment to deliver not only existing mobile broadband and IoT services, but also new innovations such as self-driving cars, cloud robotics, 3D holographic telepresence and remote surgery with haptic feedback. In fact, many mobile operators are betting on 5G to diversify their revenue streams, as conventional voice and data service ARPUs decline globally. For example, South Korea's KT has established a dedicated business unit for holograms, which it envisions to be a key source of revenue for its future 5G network. At present, the 3GPP and other SDOs (Standards Development Organizations) are engaged in defining the first phase of 5G specifications. However, pre-standards 5G network rollouts are already underway, most notably in the United States and South Korea, as mobile operators rush to be the first to offer 5G services. The author estimates that by the end of 2017, pre-standards 5G network investments are expected to account for over $250 Million. Although 2020 has conventionally been regarded as the headline date for 5G commercialization, the very first standardized deployments of the technology are expected to be commercialized as early as 2019 with the 3GPP's initial 5G specifications set to be implementation-ready by March 2018. Between 2019 and 2025, we expect the 5G network infrastructure market to aggressively grow a CAGR of nearly 70%, eventually accounting for $28 Billion in annual spending by the end of 2025. These infrastructure investments will be complemented by annual shipments of up to 520 Million 5G-capable devices. The report comes with an associated Excel datasheet suite covering quantitative data from all numeric forecasts presented in the report, as well as a 5G deployment tracking database covering over 60 global 5G trials, demos and commercial deployment commitments (as of Q1'2017). Topics Covered The report covers the following topics: - 5G NR (New Radio) and NextGen (Next Generation) system architecture - Market drivers and barriers to the adoption of 5G networks - 5G requirements, usage scenarios, vertical markets and applications - Key enabling technologies including air interface design, higher frequency radio access, advanced antenna systems, flexible duplex schemes, D2D (Device-to-Device) connectivity, dynamic spectrum access, self-backhauling and network slicing - Complementary concepts including NFV, SDN, hyperscale data centers, Cloud RAN, satellite communications and aerial networking platforms - Case studies and review of mobile operator 5G commitments - 5G standardization, development and research initiatives - Analysis of spectrum availability and allocation strategies for 5G networks - Competitive assessment of vendor strategies - Review of investments on R&D and pre-standards 5G networks - Standardized 5G infrastructure, user equipment and operator service forecasts till 2030 Forecast Segmentation Market forecasts are provided for each of the following submarkets and their subcategories: 5G R&D Investments - New Air Interface & Millimeter Wave Radio Access - MIMO, Beamforming & Advanced Antenna Technologies - Spectrum Sharing, Aggregation & Interference Management - Virtualization & Cloud RAN - Network Slicing & Other Technologies Pre-Standards 5G Network Investments - Pre-Standards Base Stations - Pre-Standards User Equipment - Transport Networking & Other Investments Standardized 5G Infrastructure Investments - 5G NR (New Radio) - Distributed Macrocell Base Stations - Small Cells - RRHs (Remote Radio Heads) - C-RAN BBUs (Baseband Units) - NextGen (Next Generation) Core Network - Fronthaul & Backhaul Networking Standardized 5G User Equipment Investments - Handsets - Tablets - Embedded IoT Modules - USB Dongles - Routers 5G Operator Services - Subscriptions - Service Revenue Companies Mentioned - 3GPP (Third Generation Partnership Project) - 5G Americas - 5G Forum, South Korea - 5G PPP (5G Infrastructure Public Private Partnership) - 5G TSA (5G Open Trial Specification Alliance) - 5GAA (5G Automotive Association) - 5GMF (Fifth Generation Mobile Communications Promotion Forum, Japan) - 5GRUS - 5GTF (5G Technical Forum) - 5GTR (Turkish 5G Forum) - Alcatel-Lucent - Alpental Technologies - Alphabet - América Móvil - Anatel (Agencia Nacional de Telecomunicacoes) - Arcep - Argela - ARIB (Association of Radio Industries and Businesses) - Arqiva - Ascenta - AT&T - AT&T Mexico - Athena Wireless Communications - ATIS (Alliance for Telecommunications Industry Solutions) - Avanti Communications - AVC Networks Company - Batelco - Bell Canada - BMW Group - Broadband Forum - BT Group - C Spire - CableLabs - CAICT (China Academy of Information and Communications Technology) - CCSA (China Communications Standards Association) - CEA (French Alternative Energies and Atomic Energy Commission) - CEA Tech - CEA-Leti - CEPT (European Conference of Postal and Telecommunications Administrations) - China Mobile - China Telecom - China Unicom - Chunghwa Telecom - Cisco Systems - CITEL (Inter-American Telecommunication Commission) - Claro Brasil - CMHK (China Mobile Hong Kong) - CMRI (China Mobile Research Institute) - CNIT (Italian National Consortium for Telecommunications) - Cobham Wireless - Cohere Technologies - ComReg (Commission For Communications Regulation, Ireland) - CpqD (Center for Research and Development in Telecommunications, Brazil) - CTTC (Centre Tecnològic de Telecomunicacions de Catalunya) - Datang Mobile - Datang Telecom Group - Dish Network - DSA (Dynamic Spectrum Alliance) - DT (Deutsche Telekom) - Du (Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company) - EE - Elisa - EPFL (Ecole Polytechnique Federale de Lausanne) - Ericsson - Etisalat - ETRI (Electronics and Telecommunications Research) - ETSI (European Telecommunications Standards Institute) - EURECOM - Eutelsat - Facebook - FET (Far EasTone Telecommunications) - FiberTower Corporation - FICORA (Finnish Communications Regulatory Authority) - Fraunhofer FOKUS - Fraunhofer HHI - Fraunhofer IIS - Fraunhofer-Gesellschaft - Fujitsu - FuTURE Mobile Communication Forum, China - GISFI (Global ICT Standardization Forum for India) - Globe Telecom - Google - GSA (Global mobile Suppliers Association) - GSMA - GTI - Hiroshima University - HPE - Huawei - Hughes Network Systems - i5GF (Indonesia 5G Forum) - ICASA (Independent Communications Authority of South Africa) - ICTA (Information and Communication Technologies Authority, Turkey) - IEEE (Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers) - IETF (Internet Engineering Task Force) - IFT (Instituto Federal de Telecomunicaciones) - IIC (Industrial Internet Consortium) - IMDA (Info-communications Media Development Authority of Singapore) - IMDEA Networks Institute - IMT-2020 (5G) Promotion Group, China - Inatel (National Institute of Telecommunications, Brazil) - Industry Canada - Inmarsat - Intel Corporation - InterDigital - Istanbul University - ITRI (Industrial Technology Research Institute) - ITU (International Telecommunication Union) - JRC (Japan Radio Company) - Juniper Networks - KCL (King's College London) - KDDI Corporation - Keysight Technologies - KPN - KT Corporation - KUKA - Kumu Networks - LG Electronics - LG Uplus - Ligado Networks - Linux Foundation - M1 - MACOM Technology Solutions - Malaysia 5G Committee - MCMC (Malaysian Communications and Multimedia Commission) - MCTIC (Ministry of Science, Technology, Innovation and Communications of Brazil) - MediaTek - MegaFon - METU (Middle East Technical University) - MIC (Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications, Japan) - Microsoft Corporation - MIIT (Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, China) - Mitsubishi Electric - Mobily - MOEA (Ministry of Economic Affairs, Taiwan) - Moogsoft - MOST (Ministry of Science & Technology, China) - MOST (Ministry of Science & Technology, Taiwan) - MSIP (Ministry of Science, ICT and Future Planning, South Korea) - MTS (Mobile TeleSystems) - MTSFB (Malaysian Technical Standards Forum Bhd) - Murata Manufacturing - NBTC (National Broadcasting and Telecommunications Commission, Thailand) - NDRC (National Development and Reform Commission, China) - NEC Corporation - Net4Mobility - NGMN (Next Generation Mobile Networks) Alliance - NI (National Instruments) - NICT (National Institute of Information and Communications Technology, Japan) - Nokia - Nokia Networks - NTT Communications - NTT DoCoMo - NYU (New York University) - O3b - OCP (Open Compute Project) Foundation - OFCA (Office of the Communications Authority, Hong Kong) - Ofcom - OMA (Open Mobile Alliance) - ON.Lab (Open Networking Lab) - ONF (Open Networking Foundation) - Ooredoo - Optus - Orange - Panasonic Avionics Corporation - Panasonic Corporation - PLTD - Proximus - PTS (Swedish Post and Telecom Authority) - pureLiFi - Qorvo - Qualcomm - RF DSP - RF360 Holdings - Rogers Communications - Rohde & Schwarz - Roskomnadzor - Rutgers University - Samsung Electronics - Samsung Group - SES - SiBEAM - SIMalliance - SingTel - SK Telecom - Small Cell Forum - Smart Communications - SmarTone - SoftBank Group - Sonera - Sony Corporation - SpaceX (Space Exploration Technologies Corporation) - Sprint Corporation - StarHub - STC (Saudi Telecom Company) - Stromnetz Berlin - Swisscom - TAICS (Taiwan Association of Information and Communication Standards) - Taiwan Mobile - Taiwan Star Telecom Corporation - TCG (Trusted Computing Group) - TDK Corporation - Tele2 - Telecom Italia Group - Telefónica - Telenor - Telia Company - Telstra - Telus - Thales Group - TI (Texas Instruments) - TIA (Telecommunications Industry Association) - TIM (Telecom Italia Mobile) - Time Warner - Titan Aerospace - TM Forum - T-Mobile USA - Tokyo Institute of Technology - TRA (Telecommunications Regulatory Authority, UAE) - TSDSI (Telecommunications Standards Development Society, India) - TTA (Telecommunications Technology Association of Korea) - TTC (Telecommunication Technology Committee, Japan) - TU Dresden - Turkcell - U.S. Cellular - U.S. Department of Commerce - U.S. Department of Defense - U.S. FCC (Federal Communications Commission) - U.S. NIST (National Institute of Standards and Technology) - U.S. NSF (National Science Foundation) - UN (United Nations) - University of California San Diego - University of Edinburgh - University of Kaiserslautern - University of Oulu - University of Southern California - University of Surrey - UT Austin (University of Texas at Austin) - UTS (University of Technology Sydney) - Verizon Communications - VimpelCom - Vodafone - VTT Technical Research Center - W3C (World Wide Web Consortium) - WBA (Wireless Broadband Alliance) - Wi-Fi Alliance - WinnForum (Wireless Innovation Forum) - WWRF (World Wireless Research Forum) - Xilinx - XO Communications - xRAN Consortium - Yonsei University - Zain Group - ZTE For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/jh4tmh/the_5g_wireless Media Contact: Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com   For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/5g-wireless-ecosystem-market-research-report-2017-2030-28-billion-in-annual-spending-by-the-end-of-2025---research-and-markets-300431218.html SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com Mar 29, 2017, 14:00 ET Preview: Two Day REACH and RoHS Compliance Seminar: One of the Most Complex Regulations in the History of the EU - Houston, TX, United States - June 15-16, 2017 - Research and Markets Mar 29, 2017, 13:30 ET Preview: Intravascular Warming Systems Market to Reach $565 Million by 2025 - Rising Adoption of Technologically Advanced Medical Devices by Operating Rooms, ICUs & Emergency Rooms - Research and Markets My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Mar 29, 2017, 18:15 ETGlobal Blood Collection, Processing, Management & Consumables... Mar 29, 2017, 18:00 ETGlobal Automotive Bearings Market Analysis & Trends 2013-2016 -... Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Wireless Communications Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: 5G Wireless Ecosystem Market Research Report 2017-2030: $28 Billion in Annual Spending by the End of 2025 - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets Mar 29, 2017, 13:45 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Military Military: The Intel Pivot to Europe? U.S. commander wants more armor against Russia British tanks Sean Gallup / Getty Images British Army Challenger 2 tanks are readied for transport after arriving in Paldiski, Estonia, on March 22. NATO members are supplementing the defensive assets of Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and Poland in an effort to deter Russia intervention in the region. British Army Challenger 2 tanks are readied for transport after arriving in Paldiski, Estonia, on March 22. NATO members are supplementing the defensive assets of Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and Poland in an effort to deter Russia intervention in the region. (Sean Gallup / Getty Images) Jeanette SteeleContact Reporter Old: Pivot to the Pacific. New: Pivot to Europe? Russian aggression. War-fighting. These are the words of NATO’s supreme commander on Tuesday when telling the House Armed Services Committee that he wants more troops and armor in Europe. The Obama administration led a “pivot to the Pacific” as a hedge against China and North Korea, sending the newest U.S. warships and aircraft — including the first Joint Strike Fighters -- to naval bases in Asia and Hawaii. But U.S. Gen. Curtis Scaparrotti, who is Supreme Allied Commander Europe, said he needs more help in Europe as Russia increasingly threatens its neighbors. “It’s the return to NATO’s returning to historic role as a war-fighting command,” Scaparrotti said. “We need a greater force there I think potentially in the land component, either rotational or rotational-enduring footprint of an armored division, for instance.” Welcome to The Intel, a blog examining the hot military news of the day At present, roughly 60,000 American troops of all branches are stationed in Europe. As for the Navy, Scaparrotti wants more warships on rotation in Europe. He stressed the desire for anti-submarine equipment, adding this is an area of specific concern with the Russians. “We’re still dominant, but we have to continue to invest … in order to remain dominant,” he said. Scaparrotti also called for more aircraft carrier help. “It would be helpful to have a carrier support group and amphibious forces more than I have them now,” he said. “I have them rotational as they go to other combatant commands. An increase in that would help us in deterrence.” Rep. Colleen Hanabusa questioned Scaparrotti about the change in stance toward Russia. The Hawaii Democrat pointed out that in the 2014 Quadriennial Defense Review, the U.S. strategy was to engage Russian in diplomacy. “I thought the philosophy was more along the lines that we could bring them around,” Hanabusa said. “And they would be an ally of us.” Scaparrotti described the 2014 annexation of Crimea and occupation of Ukraine by Russia was the trigger. “(It) was an act that clearly set out that we have Russia as a competitor that is willing and did break international law,” he said. Scaparrotti said he expects Russia to continue to push its neighbors, including cyber meddling. “They want to regain great-power status, and the actions they are taking in their view is to ensure that,” he told Hanabusa when she asked what his new strategy is. “What we need to do is to demonstrate strength. We need to be strong. That is what Russia respects. They are opportunistic. Where they see weakness, they will take advantage of it.” Scaparrotti noted that the more troops aren’t the whole answer. “The military is not the major part, it’s the smaller part,” he said. “We exist … to provide muscle to our diplomacy.” Caption Investigation uncovers problems with America's fleet of nuclear couriers Office of Secure Transportation big rigs haul nuclear weapons and highly enriched uranium on the nation's highways each day. Office of Secure Transportation big rigs haul nuclear weapons and highly enriched uranium on the nation's highways each day. Caption Investigation uncovers problems with America's fleet of nuclear couriers Office of Secure Transportation big rigs haul nuclear weapons and highly enriched uranium on the nation's highways each day. Office of Secure Transportation big rigs haul nuclear weapons and highly enriched uranium on the nation's highways each day. Caption Overprescribed? Veterans and the painkiller problem 25-year-old Jeremy Thomas, a Marine Corps veteran, lost his hand when an improvised explosive device (IED) detonated in Afghanistan in 2011.  When he got home, he faced another near deadly battle. 25-year-old Jeremy Thomas, a Marine Corps veteran, lost his hand when an improvised explosive device (IED) detonated in Afghanistan in 2011.  When he got home, he faced another near deadly battle. Caption Navy's Third Fleet splashes through the South China Sea Navy’s supercarrier Carl Vinson shared the eastern stretches of the Pacific with the Navy’s Japan-based Seventh Fleet, Carrier Strike Group One was bisecting the South China Sea Thursday morning. Navy’s supercarrier Carl Vinson shared the eastern stretches of the Pacific with the Navy’s Japan-based Seventh Fleet, Carrier Strike Group One was bisecting the South China Sea Thursday morning. Caption One major obstacle to U.S. military cooperation with Russia A National Defense Authorization Act provision prohibits military cooperation until Russia stops its occupation and aggression toward Ukraine. (Jan. 24, 2017) A National Defense Authorization Act provision prohibits military cooperation until Russia stops its occupation and aggression toward Ukraine. (Jan. 24, 2017) Caption New doctrine for dealing with potential enemies like China, Russia, Iran The “distributed lethality” concept is catching on not only with captains in the surface fleet — destroyers, cruisers and smaller warships that during the past seven decades have often been used to protect aircraft carriers. The “distributed lethality” concept is catching on not only with captains in the surface fleet — destroyers, cruisers and smaller warships that during the past seven decades have often been used to protect aircraft carriers. jen.steele@sduniontribune.com Facebook: U-T Military Twitter: @jensteeley Copyright © 2017, The San Diego Union-Tribune Colleen Hanabusa Latest Most Popular Today's Paper Sports Jobs Homes Cars Contact Us 64°
SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In SUBSCRIBE NOW Get unlimited access to Globe.com today Menu SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Politics SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Metro Sports Business & Tech Opinion Politics Lifestyle Arts Cars Real Estate Most popular on bostonglobe.com Based on what you've read recently, you might be interested in theses stories An Indonesian man disappeared. Then his body was found — inside a python. Internet privacy—such as it is—loses another defense Renée Graham: Yes, Boston, you are racist The biggest threat facing middle-age men isn’t smoking or obesity. It’s loneliness. Today's Paper Magazine Obituaries Weather Comics Crossword The Big Picture Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Ground Game In a shift, companies leverage Trump’s tweets for their own good E-Mail Share via e-mail To Add a message Your e-mail Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Comments Print The Boston Globe Tweet Share Keith Srakocic/Associated PRess/file By James Pindell Globe staff  March 29, 2017 Get James Pindell’s analysis first via his newsletter, Ground Game. Sign up here. After Donald Trump won the presidential election, there were a number of stories about how companies were in a defensive crouch and hoping to avoid any attention from the incoming administration.  That's because when Trump tweeted about an enterprise, from Boeing to the musical "Hamilton," there were consequences. The fear of Trump's tweets was great enough that some West Coast public relations firms had staff monitoring the president's early morning missives so they could promptly respond if the president decided to target a client. Advertisement But now there's a shift underway. Instead of waiting to respond to Trump's tweets, companies and public relations executives appear to be planning a different strategy -- offense. Although it's hard to know for sure, it's appearing increasingly likely that some companies are leveraging the president's large social media presence -- 27 million Twitter followers -- to promote their interests.  And if the news is that your company is hiring in the US, Trump, it appears, will be happy to oblige. Get Political Happy Hour in your inbox: Your afternoon shot of politics, sent straight from the desk of Joshua Miller. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here On Tuesday, for example, Trump tweeted about Ford Motor Company making investments in Michigan plants and “JOBS! JOBS! JOBS!” Moments later, Ford issued a press release explaining what Trump meant, specifically $1.2 billion in investments in three plants and 130 new jobs. Earlier this month, Trump tweeted about an increased investment from ExxonMobil in the gulf and the creation of jobs. This tweet came just moments after the company sent out a press release. (That the investments actually began in 2013 was apparently beside the point.)  Some companies have gone even further to coordinate with the White House. Intel and Charter Communications each announced the creation of jobs alongside Trump in the Oval Office. Trump tweeted about both events. Advertisement To be clear, other presidents have coordinated major jobs announcements with US company leaders. It's notable now, with Trump, because so many business leaders were initially hesitant, even fearful, of how the president might portray them on Twitter.  But their new marriage makes sense: Trump wants to tout positive economic news, and company executives know they get more publicity by going through the president.  James Pindell can be reached at james.pindell@globe.com. Follow him on Twitter @jamespindell or subscribe to his Ground Game newsletter on politics:http://pages.email.bostonglobe.com/GroundGameSignUp Loading comments... Top 10 Trending Articles Most Viewed Most Commented Most Shared Real journalists. Real journalism. Subscribe to The Boston Globe today. My Account Log in Manage my Account Mobile Customer Service Sign Up For Newsletters Contact Help FAQs Globe newsroom Advertise Social Facebook Twitter Google+ More ePaper News in Education Archives Privacy policy Terms of service Terms of purchase Work at Boston Globe Media © 2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC You're reading  1 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week Subscribe Now > You're reading1 of 5 free articles.Keep scrolling to see more articles recomended for you Subscribe now You're reading 1 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 2 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 3 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 4 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 5 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Already a member? Log in Home Special Offer for Business Travelers Get the day’s top stories by 6 am. and breaking news as it unfolds Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Wake up with today’s top stories Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds. Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Thanks for signing up Browse our full list of free Globe newsletters Return to your story Close Subscriber Log In We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles' Continue reading by subscribing to BostonGlobe.com for just 99¢. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just $.99¢ Stay informed with unlimited access to Boston’s trusted news source. High-quality journalism from the region’s largest newsroom Convenient access across all of your devices Today’s Headlines daily newsletter Subscriber-only access to exclusive offers, events, contests, eBooks, and more Less than 25¢ a week GET FULL ACCESS NOW GET FULL ACCESS NOW
Top News U.S. News World News Voices Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News Defense Energy Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive The Almanac Search Home / Top News / U.S. News Poll: Half of Americans believe Russia meddled in election By Ed Adamczyk   |   March 29, 2017 at 12:47 PM Follow @upi Comments 1 of 2 March 29 (UPI) -- Half of Americans believe Russia meddled in the 2016 presidential campaign, a CBS News Poll released Wednesday indicates. As the Senate and House intelligence committees, and FBI get underway into an investigation of Russia's alleged involvement in the 2016 presidential election, a new poll shows 40 percent of Americans believe Russia interfered in order to help President Donald Trump win the election. Another 10 percent believe Russia meddled in the election but not to aid Trump and 37 percent don't believe Russia interfered at all. Among self-identified Democrats, 67 percent believe the involvement was to help Trump win; 13 percent of Republicans agreed. Of those who believe there was no Russian interference, 16 percent are Democrats and 64 percent are Republicans. On the question of whether or not to investigate links between Trump associates and Russia, the poll revealed that 63 percent of respondents favor an investigation while 33 percent do not. Those favoring an investigation include 82 percent of Democrats and 35 percent of Republicans; those opposing one include 14 percent of Democrats and 59 percent of Republicans. RELATEDManafort to testify before House Intel panel on Russia Meanwhile, 41 percent of surveyed Republicans said the bill to alter the Obama administration's Affordable Care Act, which stalled in the House of Representatives last week, failed because it "just wasn't popular." Thirty percent blamed Democrats for a lack of compromise. Of the entire surveyed group, 49 percent cited the bill's unpopularity and 14 percent blamed House Democrats. Another 14 percent blamed Trump. The CBS News Poll indicates Trump's favorability rating stands at 40 percent; it has hovered between 39 and 40 percent since he took office in January. A Gallup poll released Tuesday showed Trump with his lowest favorability since inauguration at 36 percent and FiveThirtyEight's aggregation of polls had Trump's approval at 41.3 percent Wednesday. Th CBS poll was conducted by telephone, between March 25-28 among a random sample of 1,088 adults nationwide through landline telephones and cellphones by SSRS of Media, Pa. The sample error was 4 percentage points. Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram for more news from UPI.com Related UPI Stories Trump administration: Healthcare replacement may be revived Nunes rejects calls to remove self from Russia-Trump investigation Warner, Schiff urge independent inquiry into Trump-Russia links Comments Topics: Donald Trump, Barack Obama Trending UPI Pulitzer Prizes: The stories behind the pictures and words Next Article ICE arrests father of student rape suspect in Maryland Latest Headlines Ford to recall 441K vehicles over safety concerns 1 hour ago ago March 30 (UPI) -- Ford Motor Co. said Wednesday it will recall 441,000 vehicles to fix safety hazards that could cause an engine fire or a door to swing open. 'Angel of Death' serial killer severely beaten in prison 2 hours ago ago March 30 (UPI) -- The serial killer known as the "Angel of Death" after killing dozens of elderly patients in the 1970s and 80s was found severely beaten in prison on Tuesday. N.C. leaders reach deal to repeal HB 2 2 hours ago ago March 29 (UPI) -- North Carolina lawmakers reached a deal to repeal the state's controversial "bathroom bill" that restricted the bathrooms transgender individuals can use. Hawaii judge strengthens block of Trump immigration order 3 hours ago ago March 29 (UPI) -- A federal judge in Hawaii strengthened the court order he issued banning President Donald Trump's executive order on immigration after it was set to expire. Mexican state attorney general arrested for drug trafficking 3 hours ago ago March 29 (UPI) -- Federal agents arrested the attorney general for the Mexican state of Nayarit, saying he is a drug kingpin worth $250 million. Trending Stories North Korea condemns U.S. senators for 'offending' Kim Jong Un Ex-aides to N.J. governor Christie sentenced to prison over 'Bridgegate' row Floods, tornadoes likely in South; 3 storm chasers killed in collision 2 U.N. workers found dead in Democratic Republic of Congo Mexican state attorney general arrested for drug trafficking PHOTOS In photos: Yu Aiping show at China Fashion Week Mariah Carey through the years Rock and roll auction at Bonhams in New York Superbloom phenomenon brings flowers and tourists to Southern California In photos: Tom Dong show at China Fashion Week On the red carpet at the STXfilms "The State Of The Industry: Past, Present And Future" presentation at CinemaCon Explore UPI Top News Entertainment News Odd News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy News Defense News UPI Archives UPI Espanol United Press International United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. Stay up to Date Login Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback Copyright © 2017 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * SaaS AI Forrester * More Tags... Industry News * Software * More Industries... News By Place * New York City   New York   United States * More Locations... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News March 2017 Th We Tu Mo Su Sa Fr 30 29 28 27 26 25 24 Idio profiled in new Forrester Breakout Vendor Report Idio, the leading customer intelligence platform, has been included in an independent research report - Breakout Vendors: Content Intelligence for Marketing.     Spread the Word Listed Under Tag: • SaaS AI Forrester Industry: • Software Location: • New York City - New York - US Subject: • ReportsNEW YORK - March 29, 2017 - PRLog -- Content volumes are increasing dramatically in global enterprises, and whilst marketers understand the crucial role it plays, they often lack the manpower or capability to maintain, optimize and utilize the content they are publishing. This report from Forrester Research reviews how content intelligence can drive content value, and selects three breakout vendors to profile. The core challenge presented to marketers in a separate Forrester report, Content Intelligence Algorithms Assign Meaning And Value To Content, is that their content is dumb – the systems that store and deliver content currently have no understanding of what it's about, who it should be delivered to, and how it can be measured. The algorithmic capability of content intelligence changes all that. The report says "Idio has appeal as a personalization play, a lead conversion play, and a sales support tool, but it wants to attach itself to the play for intelligence capabilities that cut right across the enterprise. It's aiming at content and AI teams to nail this. Further, the vendor is building on its ability to bring useful structure ("What is this content actually about?") to valuable stores of unstructured data; this includes the captured content from calls and emails, for example." Following a year of strong sales growth and global rollouts, the report also states that Idio has "proven executions, and now, accelerating enterprise sales". Edward Barrow, Idio's CEO, said "We believe this report is further validation of our platform's value to major enterprises. We are delighted to serve forward-thinking businesses including Blackrock, Fitch Ratings, and Intel, and are seeing a rapid maturing of the overall market. If digital content or research is fundamental to your marketing, sales or customer service, now is the time to invest in intelligent solutions that optimize your content investment across silos and drive customer insight and revenue." For one enterprise CMO, a client of Idio's who spoke to Forrester for this report, adding content intelligence to their marketing stack has been about overcoming the challenges of scale: "Marketing automation has driven a lot of efficiency in the process of sending campaigns, but a lot of time was spent in manually preparing the content in those campaigns. The single biggest efficiency driver we have within the department is the use of Idio to auto-populate content in the emails that we send." Also profiled in this report are Acrolynx, which automates brand consistency, and Persado, which optimizes the emotional appeal of offer content. Idio is headquartered in London with an office in New York City, serves enterprise clients primarily in the Financial Services, Technology and Media industries. If you would like to download the full report, Breakout Vendors: Content Intelligence For Marketing, you can access it here (http://www.idioplatform.com/resource-archive/breakout-ven...). About Idio Limited Idio exists to power the perfect customer conversation, driving better intelligence, engagement and revenue for leading enterprises, including AllianceBernstein, Fitch Group, and Intel. Idio's artificial intelligence platform identifies patterns in each client's content consumption to understand their interests, and inserts real-time dynamic content into communications across digital and advisor channels to personalize the experience. Idio is based in London and New York, and backed by investors including Notion Capital, Juno Capital and Foresight Group. For more information please see http://www.idioplatform.com For further information, please contact Andrew Davies at andrew.davies@idioplatform.com Contact Andrew Davies, co-founder & CMO at Idio ***@idioplatform.com End Source : Idio Email : ***@idioplatform.com Posted By : ***@idioplatform.com Tags : SaaS AI Forrester Industry : Software Location : New York City - New York - United States Subject : Reports Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse idio PRs idio & NewVoiceMedia product partnership and launch Trending News Chris Salem Joins Board of Advisors for VetFusion.net 2017 Enterprising Women of the Year Award goes to Directions Training CEO Doral Chamber of Commerce Welcomes Sysmiami as a New Gold Member Nancy Phillips, ViaWest CEO, Contributes $25K to BEN Colorado Sustainability Initiative Garrett's Moving & Storage, Inc. signs with Wheaton World Wide Moving Top Daily News Addiction Recovery Festival & 5K in San Francisco - 336 views "No Ordinary Easter" at First Presbyterian Church of Upland - 262 views Point Source Audio Selected As Exclusive Comms Headset For Carolina Panthers' Panther Vision - 206 views Outlaws Hit Author Thompson Accounts For 7% Of Western Sales In America - 206 views Meals on Wheels South Florida Partners With Chefs For Seniors On Innovative Pilot Program - 204 views Top Weekly News Doggone Safe relaunches educational "Be A Tree" program - 2539 views #iSpeakDog Campaign Aims to Bridge the Communication Gap Between People and Their Dogs - 2139 views Filmmaker Michael Moore to Progressive Democrats: "I'm In!" - 1411 views Jimmy Sarr Signs With Cherry Crown Records To Release His New Single - 1337 views Bruce Mace and Gus Dumoulin Join Forces at The Ice Factory of Central Florida - 777 views Top Daily News Addiction Recovery Festival & 5K in San Francisco - 336 views "No Ordinary Easter" at First Presbyterian Church of Upland - 262 views Point Source Audio Selected As Exclusive Comms Headset For Carolina Panthers' Panther Vision - 206 views Outlaws Hit Author Thompson Accounts For 7% Of Western Sales In America - 206 views Meals on Wheels South Florida Partners With Chefs For Seniors On Innovative Pilot Program - 204 views Top Weekly News Doggone Safe relaunches educational "Be A Tree" program - 2539 views #iSpeakDog Campaign Aims to Bridge the Communication Gap Between People and Their Dogs - 2139 views Filmmaker Michael Moore to Progressive Democrats: "I'm In!" - 1411 views Jimmy Sarr Signs With Cherry Crown Records To Release His New Single - 1337 views Bruce Mace and Gus Dumoulin Join Forces at The Ice Factory of Central Florida - 777 views PTC News Gene Simmons Seeks Opening Act For Wizard World's April 8 Concert At The Pageant - 231 views Lennar's Norpoint Heights Grand Opens This Spring - 182 views Sayger, Geiger, Nastos, Lavigne Top Artist Alley At Wizard World Comic Con St. Louis, April 7-9 - 168 views Lennar's Lighthouse Coming Soon to Newark - 152 views Masters of Illusion, Dance, Music, Kato Kaelin Among New Entertainment At Wizard World St. Louis - 152 views Mar 29, 2017 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Wi-Fi Chipset Market Worth 19.72 Billion USD by 2022 News provided by MarketsandMarkets Mar 29, 2017, 11:30 ET Share this article PUNE, India, March 29, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- According to the new market research report "Wi-Fi Chipset Market by IEEE Standards (802.11ay, 802.11ax, 802.11ac Wave 2), Band (Dual Band, Tri-Band), MIMO Configuration (SU-MIMO, MU-MIMO), Product Category (Smartphones, Tablets, PCS), and Geography - Global Forecast to 2022", published by MarketsandMarkets, is expected to grow from USD 15.89 Billion in 2016 to reach USD 19.72 Billion by 2022, at a CAGR of 3.5% between 2017 and 2022. Continue Reading MarketsandMarkets Logo      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160303/792302 ) Browse 63 market data Tables and 82 Figures spread through 179 Pages and in-depth TOC on "Wi-Fi Chipset Market" http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/wi-fi-chipset-market-42186393.html Early buyers will receive 10% customization on this report. "IEEE 802.11ax segment expected to grow at the highest rate between 2018 and 2022"  The Wi-Fi chipset market for 802.11ax is expected to witness a triple digit growth between 2018 and 2022. Unlike earlier versions of 802.11, 802.11ax is not a standard for upgrading speed. The ability of 802.11ax to increase throughput enormously makes it one of the most preferred IEEE standard in the Wi-Fi chipset market. 802.11ax promises consumers a superior user experience, in all possible scenarios. In 2016, Qualcomm Technologies, Inc. (U.S.) introduced a prototype of 802.11ax that demonstrates 4x downlink (DL) user throughput improvement for a given traffic scenario by supporting 4 user devices to upload data simultaneously. The standardization of 802.11ax is in progress in IEEE. Draft 1.0 was completed in 2016, and the final specification is expected to be published by the end of 2018. "Smartphone segment is expected to dominate the Wi-Fi chipset market between 2017 and 2022"  Smartphones accounted for the largest share of the Wi-Fi chipset market in 2016, and is expected to maintain its leadership position in this market during the forecast period. The Internet and connectivity have become an inevitable aspect of smartphone usage. The usage of smartphones for personal as well as business applications has resulted in the demand for higher data rates. The high data usage and download of files on smartphones have generated the need for Wi-Fi to complement the cellular connectivity, which has led to the adoption of more advanced technologies such as IEEE 802.11ad standards to be integrated into smartphones. System on Chip (SoC) have been widely implemented in the mobile technology because of the increasing competition among market players to launch smartphones with more functionalities, increased performance, and reduced size. Download PDF Brochure @ http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/pdfdownload.asp?id=42186393 "Key players in the Wi-Fi chipset market see Asia Pacific as a lucrative region between 2017 and 2022"  Asia Pacific (APAC) includes some of the fastest-growing economies in the world, such as China and India. The APAC region also includes some technologically advanced countries, such as Japan, Singapore, South Korea, and Australia. The rapid growth of the consumer electronics manufacturing industry in China, Japan, and South Korea, along with the growth of the wireless communication sector in developing countries of this region, is expected to offer significant growth opportunities to the Wi-Fi chipset market between 2017 and 2022. Inquiry Before Buy @ http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Enquiry_Before_Buying.asp?id=42186393 The major players in the Wi-Fi chipset market include Qualcomm Technologies, Inc. (U.S.), Intel Corporation (U.S.), Texas Instruments, Inc (U.S.), Stmicroelectronics N.V. (Switzerland), Mediatek, Inc. (Taiwan), Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. (South Korea), Marvell Technology Group Ltd. (Bermuda) and Cypress Semiconductor Corporation (U.S.). Browse Related Reports  Wireless Chipsets (Wi-Fi/WLAN, Wireless Display/Video (HD & WHDI), Mobile WiMAX & LTE (4G), ZigBee, 802.11, 802.15.4 & 802.16) Market in Consumer Electronics & Automation Applications, Global Forecast & Analysis (2012 - 2017) http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/wireless-communication-chipsets-market-834.html Wireless Gigabit Market by Product (Display Devices & Network Infrastructure Devices), by Technology (System-on-Chip (SoC) & Integrated Circuit Chips (IC)), by Application and by Geography - Global Forecasts to 2022 http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/wireless-gigabit-wigig-market-812.html Subscribe Reports from Semiconductor Domain @ http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Knowledgestore.asp About MarketsandMarkets  MarketsandMarkets is the largest market research firm worldwide in terms of annually published premium market research reports. Serving 1700 global fortune enterprises with more than 1200 premium studies in a year, M&M is catering to a multitude of clients across 8 different industrial verticals. We specialize in consulting assignments and business research across high growth markets, cutting edge technologies and newer applications. Our 850 fulltime analyst and SMEs at MarketsandMarkets are tracking global high growth markets following the "Growth Engagement Model - GEM". The GEM aims at proactive collaboration with the clients to identify new opportunities, identify most important customers, write "Attack, avoid and defend" strategies, identify sources of incremental revenues for both the company and its competitors. M&M's flagship competitive intelligence and market research platform, "RT" connects over 200,000 markets and entire value chains for deeper understanding of the unmet insights along with market sizing and forecasts of niche markets. The new included chapters on Methodology and Benchmarking presented with high quality analytical info graphics in our reports gives complete visibility of how the numbers have been arrived and defend the accuracy of the numbers. We at MarketsandMarkets are inspired to help our clients grow by providing apt business insight with our huge market intelligence repository. Contact: Mr. Rohan MarketsandMarkets 701 Pike Street Suite 2175, Seattle, WA 98101, United States Tel : 1-888-600-6441 Email: sales@marketsandmarkets.com Visit MarketsandMarkets Blog @ http://www.marketsandmarketsblog.com/market-reports/electronics-and-semiconductors Connect us on LinkedIn @ http://www.linkedin.com/company/marketsandmarkets Visit MarketsandMarkets Website: http://www.marketsandmarkets.com SOURCE MarketsandMarkets Mar 29, 2017, 12:30 ET Preview: Virtual Power Plant Market Worth 709.2 Million USD by 2021 Mar 29, 2017, 11:00 ET Preview: Composite Doors & Composite Windows Market Worth 1,171.4 Million USD by 2021 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Mar 29, 2017, 13:30 ETAttitude and Heading Reference Systems Market Worth 723.8 Million... Mar 29, 2017, 12:30 ETVirtual Power Plant Market Worth 709.2 Million USD by 2021 Explore More news releases in similar topics Electronic Components Computer Electronics Consumer Electronics Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Wi-Fi Chipset Market Worth 19.72 Billion USD by 2022 News provided by MarketsandMarkets Mar 29, 2017, 11:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Election / Mike Huckabee on intelligence leaks: ‘Is that not treason?’ Mike Huckabee on intelligence leaks: ‘Is that not treason?’ Posted on Wednesday, March 29, 2017 by CNN in Election Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee said Tuesday that leakers in the intelligence community are guilty of treason. “I don’t understand why there isn’t a great outrage over the leaking of information out of the highest levels of US intelligence,” Huckabee, whose daughter is an aide to President Donald Trump, told radio host Laura Ingraham. Huckabee continued, “This is of grave concern, because if people who are supposed to be guarding our secrets are letting them go — Laura, I hate to use this word, but I don’t know what else to use — is that not treason? Is that not treason, when you work against your own government?” The former governor also criticized Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham for comparing House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes to Inspector Clouseau from the Pink Panther. “I’m very disappointed in Lindsey,” Huckabee said. “I sometimes wonder what uniform he puts on each morning when goes out to the field to play, and I’m not just talking about the partisan uniform.” “But I think to bring that kind of criticism and to call the chairman of the House Intel Committee — who is a person of integrity — to call him Inspector Clouseau, to use those kind of terms basically to diminish him, it’s very unfortunate, it’s demeaning, and frankly it just makes no sense,” Huckabee added. “He ought to be calling Devin Nunes and saying, ‘Congressman what do you have? Tell me what you know that you can tell me about, because we need to find out if there’s something going on here that is nefarious.'” The Gorsuch filibuster debate rages in Senate GOP congressman: Senate should oversee Russia probe Related Posts Obama nominates Merrick Garland to Supreme Court NC Trump staffer resigns amid lawsuit alleging he pulled gun How Hillary Clinton will go after Bernie Sanders on race Feds warn of ISIS threats to churches, holiday events Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in Internet Technology | Computer Electronics | Computer Software | Publishing & Information Services | Networks | Wireless Communications | Surveys, Polls and Research IoT Wireless Sensor Networks & Streaming IoT Data Market Report 2017 Featuring 36 Leading Companies - Research and Markets Download image DUBLIN, Mar. 29, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Internet of Things Sensors and Streaming Data: IoT Real-time Data and Analytics Market Outlook and Forecasts 2017 - 2022" report to their offering. Wireless Sensor Networks (WSN) are a critical component of IoT networks. Sensors are used for detection of changes in the physical and/or logical relationship of one object to another(s) and/or the environment. Physical changes may include temperature, light, pressure, sound, and motion. Logical changes include the presence/absence of an electronically traceable entity, location, and/or activity. Within an IoT context, physical and logical changes are equally important. IoT facilitates vast amounts of fast-moving data from sensors and devices. For many use cases, data flows constantly from the device or sensor to the network and sometimes back to the device. In some cases, these streams of data are simply stored (for potential later use) and in other cases there is a need for real-time data processing and analytics. Report Benefits: - This research assesses the overall sensor marketplace for IoT, evaluates leading vendors, identifies key IoT functionality in support of sensors, and forecasts the market for sensor adoption and revenue. - This research also evaluates the technologies, companies, and solutions for real-time IoT data processing and analytics. - The report assesses challenges and opportunities associated with realizing business value from real-time analytics. - The report provides detailed forecasts globally, regionally, and across industry verticals and solution categories for 2017 to 2022. Key Topics Covered: IoT Wireless Sensor Networks: Market Outlook and Forecasts by IoT Type, Industry Vertical, and Geography 2017 - 2022 1 Introduction 2 Executive Summary 3 Overview     3.1 Critical Capabilities for Sensors in IoT     3.2 Sensors Functionality in IoT     3.3 Smart Sensors and Intelligent Endpoints         3.3.1 Intelligence at the Edge of the Network         3.3.2 Key Differentiations of Smart Sensors     3.4 High Potential Smart Sensor Applications         3.4.1 Smart Home         3.4.2 Smart Buildings and Enterprise Automation         3.4.3 Smart Cities         3.4.4 Smart Manufacturing         3.4.5 Smart Industrial Processes 4 Sensor Technology Developments     4.1 Conventional Sensor Architecture     4.2 Smart Sensor Architecture         4.2.1 Transducer Electronic Data Sheets         4.2.2 Smart Transducer Interface Module and Network Capable Application Processor     4.3 Wireless Sensor Networks         4.3.1 Sensor Nodes         4.3.2 WSN Topologies         4.3.3 Applications and Challenges     4.4 Virtual / Soft Sensors, Multi-sensing, and Sensor Fusion     4.5 Role of WSN and Sensor Fusion in IoT         4.5.1 IoT Protocols used in WSN             4.5.1.1 ZigBee Alliance             4.5.1.2 Z-Wave Alliance             4.5.1.3 Insteon             4.5.1.4 Digital Living Network Alliance             4.5.1.5 Thread     4.6 Sensor Analytics         4.6.1 Data Visualization         4.6.2 Data Infrastructure Issues         4.6.3 Sensor and Intelligent Endpoint Analytics 5 Sensors and Intelligent Endpoint Outlook and Forecasts     5.1 Smart Sensors Demand 2017 - 2022     5.2 Intelligent Automation a Key Market Driver for Smart Sensors     5.3 Demand for Sensors by Industry Category 2017 - 2022     5.4 EMEA to Lead the Regional Markets for IoT Sensors through 2022 6 Future of Sensors in IoT     6.1 Sensor Data Management and IoT Security/Privacy         6.1.1 Sensor Data Management         6.1.2 Sensors and IoT Services and Infrastructure Mediation     6.2 IoT Sensor Roadmap         6.2.1 Opportunity for Sensor Manufacturers         6.2.2 Demand for Short Range Sensors to Realize Brisk Growth         6.2.3 Opportunity for Systems-on-Chip Fabricators         6.2.4 Use of IPV6 brings New Opportunities from Massive Connectivity 7 Companies and Solutions     7.1 365 Agile Limited     7.2 Ambiq Micro     7.3 B+B SmartWorx     7.4 Bosch Connected Devices and Solutions GmbH (BCDS)     7.5 Digi International     7.6 Fairchild Semiconductors International     7.7 LeddarTech Inc.     7.8 Nanjing IoT Sensor Technology Co., Ltd.     7.9 NYCE Sensors Inc.     7.10 Open Sensors Ltd.     7.11 Sensata Technologies     7.12 Seraphim Sense Ltd.     7.13 Silicon Laboratories, Inc.     7.14 Texas Instruments Inc.     7.15 Worldsensing     7.16 Wovyn LLC. Streaming IoT Data Market Outlook and Forecasts 2017 - 2022 1 Introduction 2 Executive Summary 3 Overview     3.1 Understanding IoT Data         3.1.1 IoT Data vs. other Unstructured Data         3.1.2 Key IoT Data Characteristics             3.1.2.1 IoT Data is Real Time             3.1.2.2 Massive Volumes of IoT Data             3.1.2.3 IoT Data Generates Useful Insights     3.2 IoT Data Management Operations         3.2.1 Basic Data Implementation and Operational Challenges             3.2.1.1 IoT Data Scalability             3.2.1.2 IoT Data Integration         3.2.2 Data Management and Processing Raw Data         3.2.3 Centralized Storage and Decentralized Processing         3.2.4 Accessing and Exchanging IoT Data via APIs         3.2.5 Data Security and Personal Information Privacy     3.3 Market Outlook for IoT Data Analytics         3.3.1 IoT Data Management is a Ubiquitous Opportunity across Enterprise         3.3.2 IoT Data becomes a Big Revenue Opportunity by 2022         3.3.3 Organizations increasing Adopt Predictive Analytics with IoT Data     3.4 Real-time Streaming IoT Data Analytics becoming a Substantial Business Opportunity 4 Vendor Analysis     4.1 Accenture     4.2 AGT International     4.3 Bosch Software Innovations     4.4 Capgemini     4.5 Cisco Systems, Inc.     4.6 GE Digital     4.7 Google     4.8 Intel Corporation     4.9 Lynx Software Technologies, Inc.     4.10 Maana, Inc.     4.11 Microsoft Corporation     4.12 MongoDB Inc.     4.13 ParStream (Cisco)     4.14 PTC     4.15 RIOT     4.16 SAP SE     4.17 SQLstream, Inc.     4.18 Tellient     4.19 Teradata Corporation     4.20 Wind River 5 Streaming IoT Data Analytics Revenue 2017 - 2022     5.1 Global Streaming Data Analytics Revenue for IoT     5.2 Global Streaming IoT Data Analytics Revenue by App, Software, and Services     5.3 Global Streaming IoT Data Analytics Revenue in Industry Verticals         5.3.1 Streaming IoT Data Analytics Revenue in Retail         5.3.2 Streaming IoT Data Analytics Revenue in Telecom and IT         5.3.3 Streaming IoT Data Analytics Revenue in Energy and Utility         5.3.4 Streaming IoT Data Analytics Revenue in Government         5.3.5 Streaming IoT Data Analytics Revenue in Healthcare and Life Science         5.3.6 Streaming IoT Data Analytics Revenue in Manufacturing         5.3.7 Streaming IoT Data Analytics Revenue in Transportation & Logistics         5.3.8 Streaming IoT Data Analytics Revenue in Banking and Finance         5.3.9 Streaming IoT Data Analytics Revenue in Smart Cities         5.3.10 Streaming IoT Data Analytics Revenue in Automotive         5.3.11 Streaming IoT Data Analytics Revenue in Education         5.3.12 Streaming IoT Data Analytics Revenue in Outsourcing Services     5.4 Streaming IoT Data Analytics Revenue by Leading Vendor Platform         5.4.1 Global Investment in IoT Data by Industry Sector 2017 - 2022 6 Appendix     6.1 Regional Streaming IoT Data Analytics Revenue 2017 - 2022     6.2 Streaming IoT Data Analytics Revenue by Country 2017 - 2022         6.2.1 Revenue by APAC Countries         6.2.2 Revenue by Europe Countries         6.2.3 Revenue by North America Countries         6.2.4 Revenue by Latin America Countries         6.2.5 Revenue by ME&A Countries Companies Mentioned - 365 Agile Limited - Accenture - AGT International - Ambiq Micro - B+B SmartWorx - Bosch Connected Devices and Solutions GmbH (BCDS) - Bosch Software Innovations - Capgemini - Cisco Systems, Inc. - Digi International - Fairchild Semiconductors International - GE Digital - Google - Intel Corporation - LeddarTech Inc. - Lynx Software Technologies, Inc. - Maana, Inc. - Microsoft Corporation - MongoDB Inc. - Nanjing IoT Sensor Technology Co., Ltd. - NYCE Sensors Inc. - Open Sensors Ltd. - ParStream (Cisco) - PTC - RIOT - SAP SE - Sensata Technologies - Seraphim Sense Ltd. - Silicon Laboratories, Inc. - SQLstream, Inc. - Tellient - Teradata Corporation - Texas Instruments Inc. - Wind River - Worldsensing - Wovyn LLC. For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/nwsxm8/internet_of Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 SOURCE Research and Markets RELATED LINKS http://www.researchandmarkets.com More by this Source Global Blood Collection, Processing, Management & Consumables Market Research Report 2017 - Market data 2013-2016 & Industry Forecast to 2025 - Research and Markets 29 Mar, 2017, 23:15 BST Global Automotive Bearings Market Analysis & Trends 2013-2016 - Industry Forecast to 2025: $265.4 Billion Growth Opportunities/Investment Opportunities 29 Mar, 2017, 23:00 BST Research and Markets - Octadecanedioic Acid (ODDA) Market to Reach $9.4 Million by 2024, with Elevance Renewable Sciences, Croda International, Cathay Industrial Biotech, TCI America & BASF SE Dominating 29 Mar, 2017, 22:45 BST View all news by Research and Markets Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in Internet Technology News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     NEWS & INFORMATION FOR TECHNOLOGY PURCHASERS. UPDATED 3 MINUTES AGO. Home Enterprise I.T. Mobile Tech Applications Hardware World Wide Web Network Security Cloud Computing Microsoft/Windows Apple/Mac Personal Tech Big Data CRM Systems Government Communications Contributed Content You are here: Home / Government / Self-Driving Crash Furthers Debate Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. Build Apps 5x Faster For Half the Cost Enterprise Cloud Computing On Force.com Self-Driving Car Crash Comes Amid Debate About Regulations By Bob Christie and Josh Hoffner PUBLISHED: MARCH 29 2017 A crash that caused an Uber self-driving SUV to flip onto its side in a Phoenix suburb serves as a stark reminder of the challenges surrounding autonomous vehicles in Arizona, a state that has gone all-in to entice the company by promising minimal government regulation. Friday night's crash was blamed on the driver of an oncoming SUV that turned left in front of the Uber vehicle carrying two test drivers and no passengers. There were no serious injuries and the driver of the other car was cited for a moving violation. But images of Uber's Volvo SUV rolled onto its side reverberated heavily on social media. Uber responded by briefly suspending its self-driving cars in its three testing locations -- Arizona, San Francisco and Pittsburgh -- as it investigated the accident. Uber's self-driving car program is rolling out amid questions about how much government regulation it should endure on issues such as accidents, insurance and reporting instances in which the person behind the wheel in test cars needs to take control of the vehicle. The San Francisco-based startup endured a shaky December rollout in California -- including running red lights -- that culminated in a standoff between Uber and state regulators who wanted more transparency and reporting. Arizona Gov. Doug Ducey seized the opportunity and used lax regulations to entice Uber, which decided to ship more than a dozen SUVs to metro Phoenix. "California may not want you, but Arizona does," said Ducey, who took the first ride as a passenger in Uber's self-driving cars last month. Uber spokeswoman Taylor Patterson said the company is operating more than a dozen of the 21 vehicles it has registered in Arizona. Some pick up passengers. In Arizona, companies such as Uber only need to carry minimum liability insurance policies to operate self-driving cars. They are not required to track crashes like the one that occurred in Tempe on Friday or report any information to the state. That means that self-driving test cars are essentially treated like all other cars on the road. Ducey spokesman Daniel Scarpinato said in a March 3 interview that the cars are safe and there is sufficient oversight under existing automobile rules. "There's a driver in the car," he said. "The state oversight is: There are not cars without drivers in them." John Simpson of the California-based advocacy group Consumer Watchdog said Ducey has abandoned his responsibility to protect the public by buying into the hype surrounding Uber. "It's a fundamental responsibility of a governor of a state to make sure that when companies are using the state's public highways as their own private laboratories, that there is some obligation to protect public safety," Simpson said. "There are no rules in Arizona." In March, Uber obtained permits for two of its Volvo SUVS to again hit the streets in San Francisco. California's rules for autonomous vehicles require a $5 million insurance policy, and the companies must reports accidents to the state within 10 days and release an annual tally documenting how many times test drivers had to take over. Also, unlike in Arizona and Pennsylvania, passengers are not allowed to ride in autonomous vehicles in California. Ducey doesn't believe self-driving car testing needs extra regulations because drivers can take over if something goes wrong, but his office said Monday after the accident that "public safety remains our top priority and we will continue to monitor the situation closely." Kevin Biesty, deputy director for policy for the Arizona Department of Transportation, said the state could set up a system to monitor local police accident reports involving self-driving cars but chose not to do so. "At this point we don't see an issue if the vehicles are being operated safely -- they'll be responsible for whatever issues arise, just like any driver," Biesty said. Uber's SUVs have been tooling around Phoenix and Tempe for more than three months, and police in both cities said they knew of no accidents before Friday. Other companies testing self-driving cars in Arizona include Waymo, a Google spinoff company, and General Motors. Intel has a fleet of self-driving cars that are being tested, although they are not used in autonomous mode on city streets, company spokeswoman Danielle Mann said. There's no Arizona state data showing how many accidents the cars may have been involved in or caused. Police in suburban Chandler said the Google cars have been in at least four wrecks over the past three years. None of the GM cars have been involved in accidents, said Kevin Kelly, the company's spokesman for advanced technology projects. Uber's recent crash comes amid a series of public-relations woes at the company, including an upheaval of its executive ranks and allegations that it routinely ignores sexual harassment. The New York Times also revealed the company's use of the "Greyball" program that helped Uber identify law enforcement agents who may be trying to catch it operating illegally in some places. The company's chief security officer, Joe Sullivan, subsequently promised Uber would no longer use the program. © 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Read more on: Uber, Automotive, Autonomous, Self-Driving, Waymo, Government, Arizona Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: TOP STORIES NOW 1. Over 4 Billion Records Leaked in 2016 2. Galaxy S8 Aims To Dispel Note 7 Mess 3. Britain Files for Divorce from the EU 4. Win 10 Creators Update Out April 11 5. Uber's Employee Diversity Report MAY INTEREST YOU More than 70% of data center incidents are caused by human error. Find out how you can avoid that. Discover the most essential attributes to consider when selecting a colocation provider. MORE IN GOVERNMENT 1. Groups Vow To Fight for Environment 2. Broadband Privacy Rules at Risk 3. Experts Want 'Cyberattack' Clarified 4. Self-Driving Crash Furthers Debate 5. Recognition Database Out of Date? Next Article > What Makes a Cyberattack? Experts Lobby To Restrict the Term By Raphael Satter PUBLISHED: MARCH 29 2017 When U.S. senator John McCain told Ukrainian television that the allegedly Russian-backed breach of the Democratic National Committee's server was "an act of war," Michael Schmitt cringed. Schmitt, a professor of law at the U.S. Naval War College and University of Exeter in England, has spent years trying to defuse talk of cyberattacks, an expression used to describe everything from remotely disabling a city's power grid to stealing a Facebook password. The concern, for Schmitt and others, is that overheated rhetoric could prompt dangerous diplomatic missteps. "We're very nervous when people say 'cyberattack,' because a 'cyberattack' opens the door to a state responding at very highest level of severity," Schmitt said in a recent interview. "If there's any area where we need to be careful, it's this." Schmitt is one of a group of academics campaigning to change the language around electronic subterfuge. Their work on a recently published handbook, the Tallinn Manual 2.0 , is meant to help policymakers to distinguish serious attacks from minor incidents. Other experts are directly lobbying journalists and politicians to moderate their tone. "Words matter," said Thomas Rid, who teaches at the Department of War Studies at King's College London. "Words affect intelligence operations; words affect military operations; words affect the behavior of allies and enemies. And of course words shape what lawmakers think and what laws are made. So if we're not precise, we're literally escalating a problem." Professionals are trying to knock back talk of cyberattacks, too. When Oklahoma Senator Jim Inhofe described the massive data breach at the U.S. Office of Personnel Management as one of America's "most damaging cyberattacks," one of America's top spymasters corrected him. "I would say that this was espionage," then-National Security Agency Director James Clapper said. "I think there is a difference between an act of espionage, which we conduct as well, and other nations do, versus an attack." The indiscriminate use of the word "cyberattack" can also tip the scales of justice, said attorney Jay Leiderman, who has represented a Who's Who of American hackers. Two of the cases Leiderman has been involved in, activist Jeremy Hammond and gonzo journalist Barrett Brown, have featured stiff sentences meted out over alleged "cyber attacks." "It affects the ability to get a fair trial," said Leiderman. "The person who screws around a little bit is getting the same type of charges and the same kind of media coverage as a state-sponsored actor." Some don't think it's necessary to crack down on the term. Dieter Fleck, the honorary president of the International Society for Military Law, said it was generally fine to use the word "cyberattack" so long as it wasn't confused with the much more serious category of intrusions formally known as "armed attacks." But Jake Davis, the ex-spokesman for the Lulz Security group of hackers, said journalists needed to articulate what was happening online without resorting to the word "cyberattack," a verbal crutch which he said came "from a place of laziness." The Associated Press Stylebook is defining a cyberattack narrowly as something that causes "physical damage or significant and wide-ranging disruption." The malicious code that allegedly wrecked Iran's centrifuges would qualify. The daily drumbeat of leaks and breaches wouldn't. The Stylebook definition, announced Friday , was welcomed by Schmitt, who called it a "monumental step forward." Even those who worry that the misuse of the word "cyberattack" is too widespread to stop backed the move. "It may be too late," said Josephine Wolff, an associate of the Harvard Berkman Center for Internet & Society. "But I do think that there's value in helping people making the distinction." © 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Read more on: Cybercrime, Cybersecurity, Cyberattack, Ransomware, Botnet, IoT, Government, Cyberwarfare POPULAR IN GOVERNMENT Yahoo Reveals Details of Breaches What Does Leak of CIA Info Mean? WikiLeaks 'Aid' a Mixed Blessing Russians Charged in Yahoo Attacks FCC Chair: Net Neutrality a Mistake FB Bars Use of Site Data for Spying AT&T Outage Takes Down 911 Lines THE BIG PICTURE Enterprise I.T. Mobile Tech Applications Hardware World Wide Web NEWSFACTOR.COM Enterprise I.T. Mobile Tech Applications Hardware World Wide Web Network Security Cloud Computing Microsoft/Windows Apple/Mac Personal Tech Big Data CRM Systems Government Communications Contributed Content NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2017 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
CPUs GRAPHICS MOTHERBOARDS CASES & POWER STORAGE MOBILE GAMING FORUMS JOBS MORE... NEWS BREADBOX PODCASTS BLOGS SYSTEMS MULTIMEDIA MISCELLANY ARCHIVE ABOUT US Customize The Tech Report... Apply Cancel Log in | Register Most commented stories • Intel gives hard drives a boost with Optane Memory [74] • Intel lets loose Kaby Lake-based Xeon E3 v6 processors [65] • Starcraft Remastered constructs higher-fidelity pylons [52] • Samsung unboxes Galaxy S8 and S8+ handsets and accessories [31] Hot forum threads • AotS Ryzen patch • How is "Kaby" pronounced? • Andromeda • New Phone Experiment SiSoft Sandra Platinum 2017 is ready for Ryzen by Wayne Manion  9:00 AM on March 29, 2017 In our recent review of AMD's Ryzen 7 CPUs, we ran into some limitations with our usual suite of synthetic CPU benchmarks. Neither SiSoft Sandra nor AIDA64 had been updated for use with the AMD's latest architecture. In particular, we were unable to accurately test the R7 chips' memory or cache latency. The engineers over at SiSoft have done their due diligence, and Sandra Platinum 2017 is now ready for Ryzen. The new version also includes updated support for GPGPU testing, and for the AVX512 instructions rumored to be a part of Intel's eighth-generation Cannon Lake CPUs. Sandra Platinum 2017 still supports x86, x86-64, ARM, and ARM64 architectures on Windows and Android. Its GPGPU tests operate on all four major platforms: OpenCL 1.2, CUDA 8.0, DirectX Compute Shader 11, and OpenGL Compute 4.3. Gerbils who have heard enough can head over to SiSoft's download page to figure out which version of Sandra is appropriate for their uses and get started on their own testing. Sandra had more detailed information in a blog post yesterday, but the page has since been removed. In any case, look for tests done with Sandra Platinum 2017 in future CPU reviews at TR. Tags: CPUs Graphics Software Log in | Register Tip: You can use the A/Z keys to walk threads. View options x Subscriber options: E-mail me when people reply to my comments Comment sorting order: Threaded, dynamic (default)New replies push comment threads to the top. Threaded, chronologicalComment threads started first appear at the top. Threaded, reverse-chronologicalComment threads started last appear at the top. Flat, chronologicalNo threading. Oldest comments shown first, bulletin-board style. Flat, reverse-chronologicalNo threading. Newest comments shown first. Processing... Saved! Loading... Support TR! Subscribe now. Read TR's System Guide powered by Newegg LATEST STUFF Asus GTX 1080 and 1060 cards with faster RAM go the extra mile 10 Thermaltake's View 28 case can light up any room 16 Samsung unboxes Galaxy S8 and S8+ handsets and accessories 31 Aorus GA-AX370 Gaming K5 mobo trims a little fat 10 Windows 10 Creators Update set to hit PCs on April 11 20 SiSoft Sandra Platinum 2017 is ready for Ryzen 1 SteelSeries' Rival 700 gaming mouse reviewed 7 Intel lets loose Kaby Lake-based Xeon E3 v6 processors 65 Samsung plans to refurbish and resell Galaxy Note 7 handsets 21 More stuff » TOP COMMENTS chuckula They were going to launch a G-sync version but trying to represent the price induced an overflow error in their storefront software. +33 Bauxite Isn't this like the fourth attempt at caching to somehow sell extremely small de... +24 derFunkenstein The more Intel pimps these tiny caches the dumber they seem to me. Especially on... +23 dpaus Bread > yeast > Ryzen I can't BELIEVE that you missed that.... +22 NEW GALLERY ITEMS More pictures » Copyright ©1999-2017 The Tech Report. All rights reserved. About us | Privacy policy | Mailing list | Mobile
Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Mobile Image Source: Moe Slah iPhone 8 may feature a revolutionary new 3D sensing camera Yoni Heisler @edibleapple March 28th, 2017 at 7:44 PM Share Tweet Apple has yet to begin iPhone 8 production, but some of the latest reports emanating from the rumor mill suggest that Apple’s next-gen iPhone will be even more compelling than we initially imagined. While it’s more or less a given that the iPhone 8 will sport an edgeless OLED display, we’re now starting to see mounting evidence that the device will also feature a revolutionary new 3D camera. Word of Apple’s interest in incorporating a 3D camera onto the iPhone 8 first emerged this past February via a research note from reputed analyst Ming Chi-Kuo of KGI Securities. Kuo relayed that the camera module on Apple’s next-gen iPhone will utilize 3D sensing technology from PrimeSense, an Israeli company Apple purchased a few years ago. PrimeSense, remember, supplied the technology that Microsoft used on its first-gen version of Kinect. Not mincing words, Kuo boldly stated that the iPhone 8 camera could very well “reinvent the user experience.” Don't Miss: Galaxy S8: Specs, release info, and everything else we know right now Bolstering Kuo’s report, Morgan Stanley analyst Charlie Chan is out with a new research note (via Barrons) arguing that Himax Technologies has seen its share price rise appreciably this year because of a deal it struck with Apple to provide 3D sensing components for the iPhone 8. As to why Himax Technologies is a good fit for Apple, Chan writes: There are already 3D sensing technologies based on PC/tablet that can run: (1) face recognition, (2) gesture sensing, (3) 3D modeling, and (4) photo shooting enhancement… We think 3D modeling has the greatest potential, because it can be developed to new AR/VR applications (gaming, virtual social networks, etc.). Today, Intel’s RealSense 3D camera has enabled 3D sensing in PC/tablet platforms. Himax’s wafer level optics (WLO) technology can further reduce the size and fit the 3D sensing in smartphones. Indeed, if there’s one thing Apple can’t get enough of, it’s increasingly compact and miniaturized components. With a 3D camera in tow, it’s believed that Apple will introduce a number of advanced facial recognition and augmented reality features into the iPhone 8 user experience. In addition to being able to take 3D selfies, there is also speculation that Apple’s camera technology will allow users to place a 3D version of their head on a video game character’s body. Coupled with a radical new redesign years in the making, the iPhone 8’s rumored $1,000 pricepoint is starting to make a lot more sense. Tags: Apple, iPhone 8 View Comments Trending 1 Tech Go get these crazy MacBook deals while you can 2 Tech Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ hands-on: Samsung finally out-designed Apple’s iPhone 3 Tech Google Pixel 3 is coming next year, and phone makers are already fighting over it 4 Tech You can go pre-order the Galaxy S8 right now 5 Tech 10 new Galaxy S8 features you won’t find on any iPhone Picked For You The 8 best new features Apple added to your iPhone in iOS 10.3 By Zach Epstein March 27th at 1:09 PM Google Pixel 3 is coming next year, and phone makers are already fighting over it By Chris Smith March 29th at 7:35 AM Never worry about protecting your Pixel XL screen again By Maren Estrada March 28th at 1:53 PM Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
Menu Deadline TV Seth Meyers Wants Steve Carell To Play Devin Nunes In Trump White Hous… Home Film TV Awardsline Box Office Business INTL Video Jobs Got A Tip? Top Stories CinemaCon: ‘Dunkirk’ And DC Universe Storm Las Vegas CinemaCon: Universal & Focus Rev Up 2017 Slates TV CBS’ Glenn Geller On Medical Leave After Mild Heart Attack by by Lisa de Moraes TV Amazon Eyes Grateful Dead Series From ‘Compton’ Scribe by by Lisa de Moraes TV Seth Meyers Wants Steve Carell To Play Devin Nunes In Trump White House Comedy by Lisa de Moraes March 29, 2017 7:22am 0 TV Breaking News Late Night TV Politics Devin Nunes Donald Trump Seth Meyers NBC Seth Meyers took a Closer Look at House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes and whether he is working with President Donald Trump. Related Ivanka Trump Joins 'Celebrity White House' As Unpaid Employee Every day it seems like there is some new revelation about the Trump team’s alleged Russian contacts. The Trump team keeps failing to disclose and then giving shifting explanations. Hours before Meyers’ Late Night broadcast, Trump’s son-in-law was the latest to get caught up in the story. Trump reacted to the pressure over Russian revelations by tweeting that there’s nothing to see here folks, and why isn’t the media looking into Hillary Clinton’s Russian ties. “You know why Congress isn’t looking into Hillary Clinton? Because every day you are presenting them with a thousand bigger problems,” Meyers said. “If Godzilla is rampaging in the street it’s not the best time to say ‘We need to fix these potholes.’” Congress is supposed to be investigating obvious questions about Trump team’s alleged Russian ties; the House Intel Committee is chaired by Republican Devin Nunes, “who looks like every guy you don’t remember meeting,” Meyers joked. He caused a firestorm last week when he held a news conference by himself and claimed mysteriously he had seen evidence that Trump officials were legally surveilled by the government. Then Nunes ran to the White House to tell Trump about it, before he told members of his own committee – or, as one politician described it at the time, he poured gasoline all over himself and lit himself on fire. Trump took Nunes’ move as proof he was wiretapped by Obama, though some now suspect Nunes got the information from the White House to provide Trump cover for his wiretapped-by-Obama claim. Tuesday, Nunes acknowledged he had seen this information on White House grounds and a GOP source who was briefed on what Nunes saw in all his running around Washington like James Bond, was primarily gossipy talk among diplomats about Trump, including speculation as to where he was having dinner, etc. Dems who want Nunes off the House Intel Committee, describe this as a bad movie plot.  But Meyers suggested instead casting Steve Carell as a bumbling congressman turned spy in the new comedy Nigh Nunes.   Subscribe to Deadline Breaking News Alerts and keep your inbox happy 0 No Comments Cancel reply Comments On Deadline Hollywood are monitored. So don't go off topic, don't impersonate anyone, and don't get your facts wrong. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (Address never made public) Name Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. What's Hot on Deadline 1 'Peaky Blinders' Adds 'Game Of Thrones' Aidan Gillen; Charlotte Riley Returns As May 2 'An Inconvenient Sequel' Trailer: Al Gore Gets Fired Up As Donald Trump Gets Chilly 3 Drew Barrymore Comedy 'Santa Clarita Diet' Renewed For Season 2 By Netflix 4 Mika Brzezinski To Seth Meyers: Donald Trump Presidency "Far Worse" Than She Expected 5 NBC Orders 'The Handmade Project' Crafts Competition Reality Series Hosted By Amy Poehler & Nick Offerman 6 ‘It’ Teaser Trailer: Pennywise Creeps Back Into Our Lives 7 Donald Trump Calls Media "Vicious," Staff Stiffs Correspondents Dinner 8 'Imaginary Mary' Review: Jenna Elfman Sitcom From 'Goldbergs' Trio A Bad Dream 9 'Dance Moms' To Film Additional Season 7 Footage With Cheryl Burke Following Abby Lee Miller's Exit 10 Trevor Noah Announces 'The Daily Show's Donald J. Trump Presidential Twitter Library Latest TV News ‘Legion’ EP Noah Hawley On Tonight’s Finale, Season 2 & Patrick Stewart WGA Says It’s Ready To Return To Bargaining Table – Update Jimmy Fallon’s ‘Tonight Show’ Head Writer A.D. Miles Exits CBS Entertainment President Glenn Geller On Medical Leave Through Upfronts Lindsey Kraft To Co-Star In CBS Comedy Pilot ‘Living Biblically’ Amazon Tuning Grateful Dead TV Series; ‘Straight Outta Compton’s Jonathan Herman To Write More Marketplace Featured Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut SEE MORE JOBS 'Sing,' 'Assassin's Creed' Take Top Two Spots on Disc Charts Chris Brown on black-ish: A Great Comedy Makes a Serious Error Ben Affleck Surprises CinemaCon With First Official Appearance… You can go pre-order the Galaxy S8 right now About Us Advertise Terms of Use Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Google+ The Power of Content Variety india.com Hollywoodlife SPY TV Line GOLDDERBY WWD Footwear News Copyright © 2017 Penske Business Media, LLC. All rights reserved. HOLLYWOOD™ & Design © 2017 Hollywood Chamber of Commerce. The Hollywood Sign is a trademark and intellectual property of Hollywood Chamber of Commerce. All Rights Reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP ad
POLITICO Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure PRO Already a Pro? Why Go Pro? Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results POLITICO Live POLITICO Live Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About POLITICO Live Multimedia All Video POLITICO Podcasts Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 The First 100 Days: Trade Connect With Us A Liberal Fantasy Ripped from a Hollywood Script Democrats want to make GOP pay for attacking internet rules Senate steps up as House Russia probe flails No worries for Nunes back home Sean Spicer’s kiss of death: ‘Phenomenal’ Trump’s loose grip on history is biting him Politico Morning Tax An early filing of the day's tax news Get the Morning Tax Newsletter Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time. Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print Casting about By Bernie Becker 03/29/17 10:00 AM EDT WHAT’S HAPPENING? Call it the calm after the last storm, but before the next one. Republicans grasped around for their next steps on tax reform on Tuesday, with plenty of rank-and-file House members saying they weren’t ready to give up on their goal of scrapping Obamacare. But that doesn’t mean the House GOP is anywhere closer to common ground on health care, as POLITICO’s Rachael Bade, Kyle Cheney and John Bresnahan reported, while Senate Republican leaders say they’re moving on. Story Continued Below So what about pairing infrastructure and tax reform? There’s certainly been stranger ideas, especially given the fact that the idea of using revenue from tax reform to finance infrastructure projects has been around for years. Axios reported this week that combining the two ideas was also the Trump administration’s preference, which could also save some time — because, don’t worry, it’ll be campaign season before you know it. Senate Commerce Chairman John Thune (R-S.D.), who also happens to be a member of leadership and a tax writer, told reporters Tuesday that might be the best idea because “you have equities in both the Republicans and Democrats when you start talking infrastructure and tax reform, and there could be bipartisan interest in getting something.” (More later on the potential for Democratic cooperation, which is probably easy to overstate.) On the don’t get too excited front: Sen. Roger Wicker (R-Miss.) told the Pro Transportation team that talk of a tax reform/infrastructure combo didn’t come up at a Monday meeting of Senate leaders, and White House press secretary Sean Spicer said no final decisions on the issue have been made. And don’t forget that there are lots of House Republicans — who just lost $1 trillion worth of tax cuts they wanted out of Obamacare repeal — who might not be that interested in going back to the well on infrastructure spending. And what about the budget part of reconciliation? Republicans have this budget they passed to upend the Affordable Care Act, and it looks like it’ll just be collecting dust. So might they use that to try to pass tax reform through reconciliation, given that seeking to enact another budget might provide its own very real challenges? Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn (R-Texas) and other Republicans sound open to the idea and are discussing it, but The Wall Street Journal’s Richard Rubin notes that using the existing budget might force the GOP to cut back their tax reform ambitions even further. Looking ahead: It’s not going to be long before the Trump administration announces David Kautter, a former Senate aide and onetime national tax director at Ernst & Young, as assistant Treasury secretary for tax policy, as the Pro Transition team’s Nancy Cook reports. The D.C. tax world has thought this choice could shed some light on how President Donald Trump proceeds on tax reform, and now look likely to have “a soft-spoken, longtime and low-key tax professional” in the role, as Nancy put it. Gary Cohn, the head of the National Economic Council, is scheduled to brief Trump on Thursday about various approaches to tax reform, Bloomberg reports. Among the options Trump will hear about: the House’s destination-based cash flow tax, with its controversial border adjustment, and the 2014 plan from former House Ways and Means Chairman Dave Camp. Speaking of the NEC: Our transition team also reminds to keep an eye on Shahira Knight — who has the official title of special assistant to the president for tax and retirement policy, plus someone who’s been briefing Trump personally on tax issues and meeting with Republicans on House Ways and Means, a committee where she once worked. WEDNESDAY IS HERE. It’s also a quarter-century exactly since three of the most famous words ever spoken by President Bill Clinton — “I didn’t inhale.” What’s going on out there? Email: bbecker@politico.com, teckert@politico.com, bfaler@politico.com, cwilhelm@politico.com, alorenzo@politico.com Twitter: @berniebecker3, @tobyeckert, @brian_faler, @colinwilhelm, @AaronELorenzo, @POLITICOPro and @Morning_Tax. NOT HAPPENING: The Ways and Means Committee turned aside a measure on Tuesday aimed at getting Trump’s tax returns out in the open, as our Colin Wilhelm reports. The party-line vote basically blocks Democrats from seeking to get the bill to the House floor. Not surprisingly, matters got a little heated during Tuesday’s markup. Democrats have said that Trump’s returns are all the more important now, given the questions over the president’s potential business conflicts and whether he’d personally benefit from an overhaul of the tax code. But as The Hill’s Naomi Jagoda notes, Rep. Jim Renacci (R-Ohio), an accountant, made the case that Trump’s returns wouldn’t give the public much information about the president’s investments and other information that Democrats want publicized. SPEAKING OF TRUMP’S RETURNS: The Tax March, the April 15 gatherings that are demanding the release of Trump’s tax returns, released a set of principles that illustrate just how difficult it would be to get progressives on board with a GOP-constructed tax overhaul, with or without infrastructure spending. The principles include valuing people over corporations, opposing giveaways to the rich and that “tax justice is economic justice.” Among the group’s demands: “The current federal tax system, which allows and even encourages the wealthy and corporations to avoid paying their fair share of taxes, is fundamentally rigged, unjust and broken,” march organizers said, using some buzzwords not that different from candidate Donald Trump — who nonetheless proposed a pretty big tax cut for the wealthy. “We believe that to create an economy that works for all of us with more good jobs and thriving communities, the wealthy and corporations should pay more in taxes than they pay now, not less,” the group added, hitting at one of the areas where Democrats are historically at odds with Republicans. ** A message from Intuit Tax and Financial Center: With bipartisan support from Congress, the IRS and the tax preparation software industry, the Volunteer Income Tax Assistance (VITA) and Free File programs help taxpayers in need of assistance to prepare and file their taxes for free. We urge Congress to make these philanthropic programs permanent. Read more: http://bit.ly/2nau2AB ** GOOD NEWS, BAD NEWS SITUATION: On one hand, one new study found that multinational corporations now have $2.6 trillion worth of profits offshore, and one noted that the federal government will hand out almost $1.6 trillion in tax breaks this year alone. Good news: There’s a lot of revenue out there to be had as Republicans start diving into tax reform. Bad news: It still won’t be easy to figure out what to do with those potential honey pots. The liberal Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy released the study on offshore corporate holdings, finding total profits stored abroad had risen $200 billion in the past year. The Fortune 500 companies holding those assets — most notably, Apple, Intel, Microsoft, Gilead Sciences, Johnson & Johnson, and Cisco Systems — would owe $767 billion in taxes on those profits, via our Toby Eckert. Policymakers have for some time discussed the idea of offering companies a lower tax rate to bring back those offshore profits, with Democrats wanting to use the windfall for infrastructure projects. Elsewhere, the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget, using figures from the Joint Committee on Taxation, found that tax incentives had grown by around $130 billion since 2015, mostly because of that year’s big tax extender deal. And a reminder: Over half of that $1.6 trillion is locked into 10 incentives that are either popular, have powerful supporters or both — like the exclusion for employer-provided health care, which Republicans just had to back away from trying to change. INTERNATIONAL UPDATE — DON’T GO BACK TO ABBA: A Swedish think tank is warning the country’s government not to get too tax happy, like Stockholm was in the 1970s and 1980s, Bloomberg reports. The government has sought to hike taxes on workers while cutting them on those collecting benefits — a bad idea, according to the state-funded National Institute of Economic Research. “There are big negative effects, at least in the longer term, of higher state income tax and the marginal tax rate,” said the think tank’s director-general. “Should things head in this direction too long, it would be harmful for Sweden.” STATE NEWS — TAX CUTTING ON THEIR MIND: The Georgia Senate approved a measure that would implement a flat state income tax, which The Atlanta Journal-Constitution notes would lead to a $200 million tax cut that mostly goes to the well off. The Senate measure would institute one state rate of 5.65 percent, a bit higher than the House’s 5.4 percent. Currently, Georgia has a graduated income tax, ranging from 1 percent to 6 percent. Additionally, the state Senate also signaled its approval for a bill that would force online retailers with a certain amount of sales in the state to collect sales tax — similar to the South Dakota measure that supporters hope is winding its way to the Supreme Court. QUICK LINKS The NYT’s entry on why tax reform ain’t easy. The Saudi state oil company is estimated to now be worth $1 trillion more after the government cut its taxes. Border adjustability goes local: Alabama paper worries that tax plan would hurt new Wal-Mart distribution center in the Mobile area. Former Sen. Judd Gregg (R-N.H.) is skeptical of border adjustability’s chances. Quebec starts cutting taxes after getting the budget to balance. DID YOU KNOW? The pop group Abba had a good reason for wearing their well-known outlandish outfits — Sweden allowed them a tax deduction, as long as the band’s clothes were so far over the top that they wouldn’t wear them off-duty. ** A message from Intuit Tax and Financial Center: With bipartisan support from Congress, the IRS and the tax preparation software industry, the Volunteer Income Tax Assistance (VITA) and Free File programs help taxpayers in need of assistance to prepare and file their taxes for free. We encourage Congress to simplify the tax code and to make needed programs like VITA and Free File the permanent philanthropic programs for millions of taxpayers. Read more: http://bit.ly/2nau2AB ** « View Archives Authors: Bernie Becker bbecker@politico.com About The Author Bernie Becker is a tax reporter for POLITICO Pro, where he is primarily responsible for writing the Morning Tax tipsheet. He previously covered taxes for The Hill, and was an editorial assistant for The New York Times in Washington. A native of Martinsville, Va., Becker has degrees from the College of William and Mary and the University of Maryland. He now lives in Northwest D.C. with his wife and young daughter. His hobbies include running, reading history books, eating spicy food and watching his daughter chase his cat. Most Read Sean Spicer’s kiss of death: ‘Phenomenal’ Trump could blow up Obamacare with one move New York Times to Trump: ‘We did not apologize’ Nunes tries to blame Democrats for troubled Russia probe Poll: Health care debacle takes toll on Trump Energy Department climate office bans use of phrase ‘climate change’ A Liberal Fantasy Ripped from a Hollywood Script Democrat O'Rourke to take on Cruz for Senate in 2018 Trump pokes at Christie over his endorsement Reeling Republicans desperate for a win on Gorsuch Morning Tax - POLITICO Archive Wednesday, 3/29/17 Tuesday, 3/28/17 Monday, 3/27/17 Friday, 3/24/17 Thursday, 3/23/17 View the Full Morning Tax Archives » Politico Magazine The Crisis of Trumpism By Rich Lowry When Is It OK for Democrats to Work With Trump? A Handy Guide By Bill Scher ‘They Think We Are Slaves’ By Zack Kopplin Four Things Trump Could Do Right Now To Fix Obamacare By Michael Grunwald More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video Podcasts POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York POLITICO Live Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Print Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Jump to Navigation MSNBC facebook twitter google plus rss tumblr instagram Explore All {{issue.issue.title}} Latest {{topic.topic.short_title}} {{teaser.description}} Watch Featured Shows Weekday Weekend Live LIVE - ONLY ONLINE Watch Videos TV Schedule Search Videos Digital Documentaries Join In Help Live TV The Rachel Maddow Show / The MaddowBlog 2011 Ford Motor Co. Flex sport utility vehicles (SUV) sit on display at the Capital Ford dealership in Raleigh, N.C. on Feb. 26, 2011. Photo by Jim R. Bounds/Bloomberg/Getty Trump’s ‘big’ jobs announcement points to Obama-era success story 03/29/17 10:00 AMUpdated 03/29/17 11:03 AM By Steve Benen Donald Trump declared with pride yesterday morning, “Big announcement by Ford today. Major investment to be made in three Michigan plants. Car companies coming back to U.S. JOBS! JOBS! JOBS!” Soon after, Kellyanne Conway, a top aide to the president, added that Ford’s investments come just “two weeks after” Trump’s meeting with auto-industry executives. The implication wasn’t subtle: Americans are supposed to believe that the president met with industry leaders, which led to Ford’s good news soon after. But the White House’s latest effort to take credit for good economic news is eerily similar to its previous efforts – which is to say, it was wildly misleading. CNBC reported: The White House on Tuesday promoted a Ford investment in American plants, most of which was part of a plan the automaker first announced in 2015. The U.S. auto giant on Tuesday outlined new details of its planned $9 billion in U.S. facility investments through 2019. The company said it planned to create or retain 8,500 jobs as part of its 2015 contract with the United Auto Workers. A company spokesperson confirmed to BuzzFeed that “the majority of what was announced” yesterday was the result of “the 2015 UAW contract.” Steven Rattner, who oversaw President Obama’s successful rescue of the American auto industry eight years ago, noted the news and asked, “When will [Trump] stop misleading people?” That need not be a rhetorical question. As we discussed the other day, Trump has trumpeted jobs announcements in recent months – from Ford, Fiat Chrysler, General Motors, Walmart, Intel, Lockheed Martin, Softbank, Sprint, Alibaba, and Charter Communications – in which the president sought credit for developments he not only had nothing to do with, but also, in most instances, pointed to Obama-era news. A fact-check piece from the Washington Post added, “Trump’s bravado on these jobs announcements is becoming a bad joke.” Worse, they’re also self-defeating. No president can credibly take credit for every employment development that occurs during his or her presidency – nor should any president want to. Earlier this month, for example, JCPenny announced its shedding thousands of American workers, a move, as best as I can tell, the White House has not commented on. It hardly seems fair to hold Trump directly responsible for this, but therein lies the point: the president shouldn’t want to connect his administration to every significant private-sector decision related to jobs. Trump may not realize the extent to which he’s inviting trouble, not only because he’s taking credit for Obama-era successes, but also because he’s inviting blame for every bit of bad news that happens on his watch. Explore: The MaddowBlog, Auto Industry , Donald Trump, Economy and Jobs House Intelligence Chair's antics... Why Trump is suddenly eager to cut funding fo More Like This Best of MSNBC Speak Out be the first to comment join the discussion back to article Latest comments Top Stories from NBC News and MSNBC Graham on Nunes controversy: 'It's a mess' 8 hours 39 min ago Schiff presses for public hearing for Sally Yates 5 hours 5 min ago Russian activist poisoned twice: 'I'm not going to hide' 6 hours 39 min ago For Trump, drug epidemic is about one thing: border enforcement 6 hours 32 min ago GOP takes new steps to keep Trump’s tax returns secret Campaign to purchase lawmakers' browsing history April Ryan's first question to Spicer after confrontation The ghost of Bridgegate forever haunts Gov. Christie Fmr. DNC Chair to Sanders: 'We are already a grassroots party' Fired US attorney at nexus of multiple Trump scandals close Auto Industry and Donald Trump Trump's 'big' jobs announcement points to Obama-era success story 03/29/17 10:00 AMUpdated 03/29/17 11:03 AM facebook twitter google plus tumblr instagram rss Home Help Terms of Service Independent Programming Report Closed Captioning Privacy Policy Newsletters MSNBC Store MSNBC Info Blog Careers AdChoices NBCNews.com Today.com CNBC.com BreakingNews.com © NBC UNIVERSAL share tweet email save Comment be the first to comment comments back to article Embed
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     TECHNOLOGY, DISCOVERY & INNOVATION. UPDATED 3 MINUTES AGO. Home Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation Health Science News Environment Automotive Tech You are here: Home / Mobile Industry News / Self-Driving Crash Furthers Debate Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. Build Apps 5x Faster For Half the Cost Enterprise Cloud Computing On Force.com Self-Driving Car Crash Comes Amid Debate About Regulations By Bob Christie and Josh Hoffner PUBLISHED: MARCH 29 2017 A crash that caused an Uber self-driving SUV to flip onto its side in a Phoenix suburb serves as a stark reminder of the challenges surrounding autonomous vehicles in Arizona, a state that has gone all-in to entice the company by promising minimal government regulation. Friday night's crash was blamed on the driver of an oncoming SUV that turned left in front of the Uber vehicle carrying two test drivers and no passengers. There were no serious injuries and the driver of the other car was cited for a moving violation. But images of Uber's Volvo SUV rolled onto its side reverberated heavily on social media. Uber responded by briefly suspending its self-driving cars in its three testing locations -- Arizona, San Francisco and Pittsburgh -- as it investigated the accident. Uber's self-driving car program is rolling out amid questions about how much government regulation it should endure on issues such as accidents, insurance and reporting instances in which the person behind the wheel in test cars needs to take control of the vehicle. The San Francisco-based startup endured a shaky December rollout in California -- including running red lights -- that culminated in a standoff between Uber and state regulators who wanted more transparency and reporting. Arizona Gov. Doug Ducey seized the opportunity and used lax regulations to entice Uber, which decided to ship more than a dozen SUVs to metro Phoenix. "California may not want you, but Arizona does," said Ducey, who took the first ride as a passenger in Uber's self-driving cars last month. Uber spokeswoman Taylor Patterson said the company is operating more than a dozen of the 21 vehicles it has registered in Arizona. Some pick up passengers. In Arizona, companies such as Uber only need to carry minimum liability insurance policies to operate self-driving cars. They are not required to track crashes like the one that occurred in Tempe on Friday or report any information to the state. That means that self-driving test cars are essentially treated like all other cars on the road. Ducey spokesman Daniel Scarpinato said in a March 3 interview that the cars are safe and there is sufficient oversight under existing automobile rules. "There's a driver in the car," he said. "The state oversight is: There are not cars without drivers in them." John Simpson of the California-based advocacy group Consumer Watchdog said Ducey has abandoned his responsibility to protect the public by buying into the hype surrounding Uber. "It's a fundamental responsibility of a governor of a state to make sure that when companies are using the state's public highways as their own private laboratories, that there is some obligation to protect public safety," Simpson said. "There are no rules in Arizona." In March, Uber obtained permits for two of its Volvo SUVS to again hit the streets in San Francisco. California's rules for autonomous vehicles require a $5 million insurance policy, and the companies must reports accidents to the state within 10 days and release an annual tally documenting how many times test drivers had to take over. Also, unlike in Arizona and Pennsylvania, passengers are not allowed to ride in autonomous vehicles in California. Ducey doesn't believe self-driving car testing needs extra regulations because drivers can take over if something goes wrong, but his office said Monday after the accident that "public safety remains our top priority and we will continue to monitor the situation closely." Kevin Biesty, deputy director for policy for the Arizona Department of Transportation, said the state could set up a system to monitor local police accident reports involving self-driving cars but chose not to do so. "At this point we don't see an issue if the vehicles are being operated safely -- they'll be responsible for whatever issues arise, just like any driver," Biesty said. Uber's SUVs have been tooling around Phoenix and Tempe for more than three months, and police in both cities said they knew of no accidents before Friday. Other companies testing self-driving cars in Arizona include Waymo, a Google spinoff company, and General Motors. Intel has a fleet of self-driving cars that are being tested, although they are not used in autonomous mode on city streets, company spokeswoman Danielle Mann said. There's no Arizona state data showing how many accidents the cars may have been involved in or caused. Police in suburban Chandler said the Google cars have been in at least four wrecks over the past three years. None of the GM cars have been involved in accidents, said Kevin Kelly, the company's spokesman for advanced technology projects. Uber's recent crash comes amid a series of public-relations woes at the company, including an upheaval of its executive ranks and allegations that it routinely ignores sexual harassment. The New York Times also revealed the company's use of the "Greyball" program that helped Uber identify law enforcement agents who may be trying to catch it operating illegally in some places. The company's chief security officer, Joe Sullivan, subsequently promised Uber would no longer use the program. © 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Read more on: Uber, Automotive, Autonomous, Self-Driving, Waymo, Government, Arizona Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: TOP STORIES NOW 1. Groups Vow To Fight for Environment 2. Self-Driving Crash Furthers Debate 3. Musk's Neuralink Plugs Into Brains 4. Warmer Winter Hurts Small Biz 5. Crash Halts Uber Self-Drive Program MAY INTEREST YOU More than 70% of data center incidents are caused by human error. Find out how you can avoid that. Discover the most essential attributes to consider when selecting a colocation provider. MORE IN MOBILE INDUSTRY NEWS 1. Broadband Privacy Rules at Risk 2. Apple Rolls Out Major iOS Update 3. Self-Driving Crash Furthers Debate 4. Uber Resumes Self-Driving Program 5. AT&T Workers End Their Strike Next Article > Apple Rolls Out Major Update with iOS 10.3: Here's What's New By Shirley Siluk / Sci-Tech Today PUBLISHED: MARCH 28 2017 Released yesterday, the latest update to Apple's mobile operating system makes it easier for users to locate their misplaced AirPods and introduces a new look for the Settings app. Likely to be the last update before iOS 11 comes out later this year, iOS 10.3 also comes with a new file system designed for improved storage, and new features for app developers. Devices that support iOS 10.3 include iPhone 5, 6 and 7 models, the iPhone SE, the iPad Air, the iPad Air 2, and the fourth-generation iPad. Since iOS 10 was released in September, Apple has updated the operating system several times to address a number of issues and add new features and functions. This latest version of iOS 10.3 has seen seven beta releases since the first came out in late January. File System Optimized for Flash/SSD Storage Apple users are noting on Twitter and elsewhere that downloading and installing iOS 10.3 could take longer than some previous versions as this release comes with a number of major changes. Many report that their devices show improved memory and performance after updating. One of the big changes arriving with iOS 10.3 is the Apple File System (APFS) that replaces the Hierarchical File System Apple has been using for more than 30 years. Announced at last summer's Worldwide Developers Conference, APFS is optimized for Flash and SSD storage and also delivers many other improvements, Apple said. "Apple File System is a new, modern file system for iOS, macOS, tvOS, and watchOS," Apple said in its online developer guide. "It is optimized for Flash/SSD storage and features strong encryption, copy-on-write metadata, space sharing, cloning for files and directories, snapshots, fast directory sizing, atomic safe-save primitives, and improved file system fundamentals." New Support for Finding AirPods In its review of the iOS 10.3 release, Ars Technica noted yesterday that the update will "automatically convert your iDevice's filesystem from HFS+ to APFS when you install it, making it the first Apple operating system to ship with APFS as a non-beta default filesystem." Ars Technica said that rolling out the new file system to Apple's biggest platform first "feels pretty brave," adding that the move makes sense because mobile devices tend to have "predictable and uniform partition maps." Computer security analyst Graham Cluley commented about the new file system's arrival on Twitter yesterday, noting, "Hmm . . . lot to go wrong. Think I'll let other folks install this before me." Another new feature of iOS 10.3 could be a welcome addition for owners of Apple's new Bluetooth-powered audio devices, the AirPods. Both small and wireless, the new earbuds are easy to misplace, so Apple has added the ability to locate them using the Find my iPhone feature. In addition to showing the current or last known location of the AirPods, the update lets users play a sound on the AirPods to help track them down. Other updates arriving with iOS 10.3 include new Siri support for bill paying and ride booking, shortcuts in CarPlay, support for searching "parked car" in Maps, and a rent-once-watch-anywhere feature for iTunes movies. Developers will also gain new tools for updating app icons, and posting public responses to customer reviews on the iTunes and iOS apps stores. Read more on: Apple, iOS, AirPods, Storage, Mobile OS, Mobile Apps, iPhone, iPad, Developers, Top Tech News POPULAR IN MOBILE INDUSTRY NEWS FCC Chair: Net Neutrality a Mistake AT&T Outage Takes Down 911 Lines Apple Rolls Out Major iOS Update Broadband Privacy Rules at Risk Self-Driving Crash Furthers Debate Uber Resumes Self-Driving Program YouTube Losing Major Advertisers THE BIG PICTURE Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation SCI-TECH TODAY Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation Health Science News Environment Automotive Tech NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2017 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
Home Business All Companies Enterprise Comms Start-ups Discovery All Innovation Machines Earth Science Careers All Advice People Employers Jobs Life All Trending Gear Play Video All More Subscribe Advertise About Contact us BUSINESS DISCOVERY CAREERS LIFE VIDEO MORE Tweet Share Email ALL COMPANIES ENTERPRISE COMMS START-UPS Is UX the new ‘going to the gym’? Weekend takeaway: Recognising sci-tech’s finest Irish forestry boom sees funding and partnerships emerge Ireland an ‘enthusiastic’ EU state, but Brexit puts pressure on financial sector It’s time to return the hamburger menu to sender Brexit’s drying up of talent pool a major worry in UK Twitch ups its e-commerce game as PC titles go on sale Irish IoT player Asavie plans Asian expansion with new Malaysia HQ Chinese tech giant Tencent spends $1.8bn for 5pc stake in Tesla What can we all expect on the Inspirefest 2017 stage? Leaders’ Insights: Amanda Roche-Kelly, Just Eat Ireland YouTube advertising mess could cost company $750m 2016 saw huge glut of data breaches, with 1.4bn files compromised What does GDPR mean for your energy business? The five-minute CIO: Tom Austin, Gartner US Senate passes motion to let ISPs share customer data with no consent European consumer lawsuit tsunami will come in wake of GDPR Which countries are the most and least prepared for cyberattacks? Enet pumps £175,000 into Northern Ireland telecoms infrastructure US Congress backs biggest privacy U-turn in internet history Bank of Ireland aims Digital Arrows to get more people online Telephony firm IP Telecom signs €1.5m deal with Radius Technologies New TV licence rules could extend to tablet, laptop and PC users Siro and Vodafone to light up 1Gbps business hubs in 15 Irish towns Sugru begins £1.5m crowdfunding bid to ramp up global expansion Meetingroom.io wins audience approval at 21st edition of DublinBeta What can start-ups learn from design thinking? Dublin fintech player ClaimVantage raises €2m Start-up of the week: Nova Leah 6 start-ups to watch that prove the west of Ireland is wide awake ALL INNOVATION MACHINES EARTH SCIENCE Doodling and maths: A matter of black and white Can you divide up the music budget evenly using maths? Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase A game of two halves, but maths will be the real winner Can you logic your way to €1m? Lies, Boolean logic and crime scenes: Chapter One Leaders’ Insights: Alison Campbell, Knowledge Transfer Ireland DCU’s Prof Joe O’Hara named new president of European education group Researchers find genetic clue that might predict onset of type 1 diabetes Elon Musk now bypassing hands, linking brains directly with computers ‘Cretaceous equivalent of the Serengeti’ found in Australia Irish-led pandemic research shows we’re at greatest ever risk of outbreak Architecture firm reveals crazy plan to attach skyscraper to an asteroid Cork-based Tyndall set to lead €15.5m EU photonics consortium Three revs up for connected cars with Cisco Jasper IoT deal Graphene could soon make smartphones a lot cooler, literally Conversation on AI commerce should be music to tech giants’ ears Weekend takeaway: The machines are coming How many people could live on Earth? Forget a climate shift in centuries, more like decades, climatologists claim WeForest doubles crowdfunding target to empower Indian village World awaits birth of ‘baby dragons’ in Slovenia Gold and platinum discovered in south-east Irish streams The bees are still in trouble, so we are too ALL ADVICE PEOPLE EMPLOYERS JOBS Tech apprenticeships could be the answer to the skills shortage What do you need to know to get a job in emerging technologies? Machine learning: Should we be excited or fearful for our jobs? Data is ‘absolutely essential’ to the future of work Girls in Tech arrives in Ireland to help narrow gender gap What does machine learning mean for the future of work? 5 alternative career goals to make you happy The ultimate cheat sheet for your CV 3 things to ask when your employee is leaving What is transformational talent and how can we get it? 4 things app developers need to know about the internet of things How to deal with confrontation at work MSD thinks beyond business to make a positive impact What is it like working on the chatbot platforms of the future? Deep learning is about more than AI – it has unified research MSD chemical engineer: ‘Soft skills are key to what I do every day’ What is it like to be a graduate at PwC? 10 people to follow if you want a career in AI 6 top international companies hiring in data right now How do companies ensure diversity in their workforce? 6 companies hiring in fintech right now 7 US companies hiring in Ireland right now 7 of the coolest science jobs in the world Thinking about a career in marketing? An analytical mind is helpful Damovo creates bridge to 30 new Dublin jobs At Qualtrics, culture is a huge part of the interview process Could robots actually take up 30pc of all jobs? PwC thinks so What kind of job can I get in AI development? Freelance economy boom: Lystable to create 10 jobs in Belfast 8 emerging technology jobs that are going to explode this year ALL GEAR PLAY TRENDING Bonfire night in Derry lands top Sony photo award Facebook is in crackling form to pop Snap’s bubble Here are the early contenders for the Comedy Pet Photography Awards 25 easy ‘teic’ terms you can try for Seachtain na Gaeilge Facebook encourages users to go ‘as Gaeilge’ for SnaG Twitter creates its version of a mute button in latest anti-abuse move Apple rolls out iOS 10.3 and watchOS 3.2 updates, plus Night Shift for Mac Apple brings out Product (RED) edition iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus phones Where did I park my car? Google Maps will soon tell all First impressions: The Huawei P10 smartphone WhatsApp bows to angry users with promise to return popular feature Arrival of iOS 11 could ‘brick’ close to 200,000 apps Netflix to tailor future original series to suit smartphones Could The Matrix be making a comeback to our screens? Twitch reveals Pulse, a Twitter-like social network for gamers Is preloaded content on phones the new way to enjoy movies? Take a tour of Earth in this amazing Google Maps hyperlapse When is Stranger Things back? Netflix finally reveals all 13 inspirational women honoured in latest Google Doodle From Ferraris to aircraft carriers: Mind-blowing Lego creations ’Tis the season: Google celebrates with festive Doodles First day of winter celebrated with solstice Google Doodle 5 last-minute stocking fillers for Christmas Where was every Star Wars movie filmed? This map reveals all ALL Cybersecurity is a game of wits, and AI gives IBM the edge Growing a career in tech at Intel Ireland NIBRT: We help people who want to work in biotech What does a data analyst do on a day-to-day basis? Closing the talent gap, one child at a time Looking for a job with a top sci-tech company? Make sure you stand out ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE CONTACT ABOUT VIDEO Do you have what it takes to be an engineer in IoT? by Connor McKenna 1 minute ago There are countless opportunities for engineers who want to work in the exciting world of IoT. Senior software engineer Cliodhna Ni Scanaill was at Career Zoo on 11 March discussing internet of things (IoT) careers as part of a panel on the main stage. With the wide range of fields, research groups and sectors within the world of IoT, Ni Scanaill said that being an engineer in this sector is not just limited to one thing – there are plenty of options. “I’ve had a very interesting career at Intel,” she said. Ni Scanaill has worked in Intel for more than 10 years, with her career in the company incorporating three different roles, starting in digital health, pivoting to IoT research and recently moving to the wearables group. Words by Jenny Darmody Related: skills, Intel, software engineers, Career Zoo, internet of things, jobs, wearables, employers Connor Mc Kenna, head of AV department, camera operator and editor for Siliconrepublic.com. Most likely to be heard saying, "Viral videos make me sick." editorial@siliconrepublic.com You May Also Like You May Also Like Jobs An IoT career will give you the ability to move and learn 22 Mar 201782 Shares Hiring Now Join us to create the technology of tomorrow Be part of a globally successful team Help develop the future of sales and trading Excellence in research for innovation and analytics Jobs Career Zoo workshops will introduce tech jobseekers to the industry 3 Mar 201741 Shares Jobs What are the top sci-tech and pharma companies looking for? 11 Mar 201744 Shares WANT TO KNOW MORE ABOUT FEATURED EMPLOYERS? Photo via Gajus/Shutterstock Silicon Republic’s Featured Employers campaign highlights top companies that are hiring right now. To find out more about the campaign and how to become part of it, please submit an enquiry Careers Celebrating women and engineering in big week for careers 10 Mar 20179 Shares Careers The dos and don’ts of building a successful sci-tech career 16 Mar 201713 Shares Jobs What kind of job can I get in AI development? 5 days ago13 Shares Latest Videos Do you have what it takes to be an engineer in IoT? 1 minute ago Cybersecurity is a game of wits, and AI gives IBM the edge 26 minutes ago Growing a career in tech at Intel Ireland 1 day ago NIBRT: We help people who want to work in biotech 5 days ago What does a data analyst do on a day-to-day basis? 20 Mar 2017 Closing the talent gap, one child at a time 16 Mar 2017 Looking for a job with a top sci-tech company? Make sure you stand out 15 Mar 2017 What changes can we make to tackle gender inequality? 13 Mar 2017 More from Video Latest Videos Home About Contact Advertise Subscribe Privacy Policy All content copyright 2002-2017 Silicon Republic Knowledge & Events Management Ltd. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved. Designed by Zero-G and Square1.io Silicon Republic Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Thu, Mar 30, 2017 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Ireland cannot be complacent about its edge Have we really challenged ourselves to think clearly about our uniqueness? Do we understand how to ensure our continued success on a world stage? about 19 hours ago Eamonn Sinnott         World renowned anthropologist Genevieve Bell recently said that “the most interesting place from which to see the centre is from the edge - the advantage of the edge is that you can experiment, you can play, you can innovate, you can disrupt”. Ireland is indeed a place that is physically on the edge of Europe, even on the edge of the world and a place from which unique perspectives on the centre can and do emerge. I have also come to think about Ireland’s edge with even more meaning, as a way of expressing Ireland’s unique offering to the world - our core competence if you will. So what is “Ireland’s edge”? What are our unique and differentiating characteristics? What is it that allows us to earn our way in this dynamic world? What makes Ireland a place where people want to visit, to live, to raise families, to work, to set up businesses, to innovate and to ultimately create intellectual property in the form perhaps of a song, a dance, a product or a service that others wish to experience and purchase? Like everybody else I imagine, I’ve heard Ireland’s edge described in many different ways. It’s our rich cultural heritage, it’s our inherent sense of place or community, our resilience and strength, it’s our broad and outwardly looking world view, it’s our curiosity for science and technology or the simple fact that that we are bound together as citizens of this tiny island. However, isn’t it true that many countries boast of a rich cultural heritage of their own and are proud of where they come from, have had turbulent histories that gave them resilience and have strong, capable pipelines of innovators, technologists and scientists? Have we really challenged ourselves to think clearly about our uniqueness? Do we understand how to ensure our continued success on a world stage? Once defined, we should never be complacent about protecting, nourishing and developing Ireland’s edge because the rest of the world isn’t standing still. In fact, it’s not just that the world isn’t standing still, it’s changing at an almost unbelievable pace. Intel is a great example in that regard evolving from a Personal Computer Company to a Data Company. Computing is being transformed and embodied in our daily lives in ever changing ways bringing with it an explosion in data creation, storage and analytics. A simple example illustrates the point - it’s estimated that by the year 2020 a single autonomous car will generate more internet traffic per day than the average family of 5 people would in an entire year. So for me, defining Ireland’s edge creates the blueprint for how we will create our place and pay our way in this changing world. Investing in Ireland’s edge will enable us to build a stable, sustainable, engaged and civic society that values the intersection of economy, citizenship and culture. This journey actually began at the eir Other Voices Festival in Dingle at the first Ireland’s Edge conference two years ago when people from diverse backgrounds in industry, technology, politics, academia, media and the arts, gathered to discuss just that question. Our next conversation brings us to Smock Alley in Dublin for an evening of thought provoking creative performance and interactive panel discussions on this very topic. I look forward to continuing this discussion over the weeks and months ahead. Eamonn Sinnott is the General Manager of Intel Ireland. Other Voices and Intel will host a discussion on defining Ireland’s Edge in Dublin on March 30th .       Topics: Eamonn Sinnott Genevieve Bell Data Intel Intel Ireland Personal Computer Voices Dingle Dublin(IE) Europe Ireland Read More Martyn Turner UK is drunk on sovereignty – and all puffed up with no place to go Politics and religion mix appropriately over Eighth Amendment Ireland needs to plan now for inevitable Brexit job losses Tackling the culture of mediocracy within the health service Old King Coal is resurrected Kathy Sheridan: Time to look at link between extremism and sexual violence Northern Ireland’s political impasse Bus Éireann dispute Corridors of Power – An Irishman’s Diary about Ballyshannon  Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Opinion Sinn Féin exploits Brexit worries to keep united Ireland centre stage Opinion The Troubles did not find Martin McGuinness. He found them Opinion Theresa May: Unique relationship with Ireland key part of Brexit talks Opinion A decade on and UN convention on disability rights still not ratified Sponsored Our trip North: ‘I couldn’t believe how much it had changed’ Who are the ‘Leaders of Tomorrow’? Ten things you don’t want to miss in Northern Ireland this year The Liberties, Newbridge and Mullingar capture the imagination of first-time buyers Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE GO BACK The account details entered are not currently associated with an Irish Times subscription. Please subscribe to sign in to comment. Comment Sign In I agree to the Terms & Conditions, community standards and Privacy Policy SIGN IN Forgot password? Thank you You should receive instructions for resetting your password. When you have reset your password, you can Sign In. Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Screen Name Selection Hello Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Only letters, numbers, periods and hyphens are allowed in screen names. CONFIRM Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE Forgot Password Please enter your email address so we can send you a link to reset your password. SUBMIT Sign In Your Comments Sign In Sign Out We reserve the right to remove any content at any time from this Community, including without limitation if it violates the Community Standards. We ask that you report content that you in good faith believe violates the above rules by clicking the Flag link next to the offending comment or by filling out this form. New comments are only accepted for 3 days from the date of publication. Editorials A question of confidence Judicial appointments system needs greater openness Brexit: The only way now is out for the UK Negotiators will have to finesse the timing of a decision on the scale of the UK’s leaving bill Our Columnists Stephen Collins Sinn Féin exploits Brexit worries to keep united Ireland centre stage Newton Emerson The Troubles did not find Martin McGuinness. He found them Kathy Sheridan Kathy Sheridan: Time to look at link between extremism and sexual violence Una Mullally Una Mullally: Dublin’s rising tide sees many sinking Letters An Garda Síochána – a crisis of trust Brexit – now for the hard part Faith, politics and the Eighth Amendment Rights of people with disabilities Bus Éireann and transport policy A new use for Stormont Show me the way to Cutando Direct provision Liquid assets Milk to the door Most Read 1 Poor visibility slows search for missing helicopter with five on board 2 ‘I told my male colleagues about my sex life and am being ridiculed’ 3 Helicopter with five on board goes missing en route to Dublin 4 Rugby player jailed over vicious late night assault at takeaway 5 Teenager who cycled wrong way on roundabout loses €60,000 damages case Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper Subscriber Rewards Subscriber Tour Breaking news app IT Sunday My Account eBooks Email Newsletters Crossword Club Newspaper Archive Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Thu 30/3/2017 News Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Brexit Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations Subscriber Tour Explore the features of your subscription Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism My Account Manage your account IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Jellyfish Games Announces Astrobase Command Kickstarter Launch Procedural Personalities Meet 3D Base Building, and Survival News provided by Jellyfish Games Mar 29, 2017, 08:00 ET Share this article MONTREAL, March 29, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Jellyfish Games announced the launch date for the Astrobase Command Kickstarter. The crowdfunding event is slated to kick off at 3AM EST on Kickstarter, April 25th, 2017. "You are the leader of an Astrobase crew trying to survive in a lost corner of the universe. Leaders know that their crew's personalities are at least as important as their skills when entrusting them with key responsibilities. Every choice you make will be the difference between life and death in the void. Do you have what it takes to be an Astrobase Commander?" External view of an Astrobase. Alpha imagery only. Content is subject to change as development proceeds. Crowdfunding the Final Steps "We've spent the last three-and-a-half years defining and refining the BASE (Build, Administer, Survive, Explore) concept, following an unsuccessful Kickstarter in November 2013. We toughed it out and are now back with a beautiful game that will showcase the innovation that drives our team," states Adam Blahuta, President of Jellyfish Games. Founded in 2013, Jellyfish Games is an independent game development studio based in Montreal. The studio focuses on deep systems-driven games and specializes in procedural development. Astrobase Command is a trademark of Jellyfish Games. The names of actual companies and products mentioned herein may be the trademarks of their respective owners. About Astrobase Command: Base-building games have always been limited to building on a flat plane, and procedural games have always relied on shallow characters with heavily pre-authored personalities. Jellyfish Games changes this all with its revolutionary PC game, Astrobase Command. Plan carefully as you build your space station across all three dimensions. Each crew member has a memory and will act according to their unique personality. Assign your work parties with care. Some people just don't know how to get along. You'll need to make difficult decisions. Will you send your disposable newbie on a dangerous mission to collect badly needed resources, or will you risk your hardened veteran to get the job done? Astrobase Command does away with conventional user interfaces. You'll use the tools on your desktop, including a powerful datapad, to recruit your crew, send them on away missions to far-away planets, and expand your Astrobase. Check out videos and screenshots at http://astrobasecommand.com/ Projected system requirements: Windows XP SP2 and later; Intel i3-3250 or AMD equivalent; 4GB system memory; and a Vulkan compatible graphics card. For more information, press only: Adam Blahuta +1 (514) 954-7704 info@jellyfish.games Related Files AntFarm_Small_1.gif Related Images image1.png image2.jpg image3.jpg image4.jpg Related Links Jellyfish Games Corporate Site Astrobase Command Game Site Related Video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=my15YHBZHyI   This content was issued through the press release distribution service at Newswire.com. For more info visit: http://www.newswire.com. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/jellyfish-games-announces-astrobase-command-kickstarter-launch-300430922.html SOURCE Jellyfish Games Related Links http://jellyfish.games My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: Jellyfish Games Announces Astrobase Command Kickstarter Launch News provided by Jellyfish Games Mar 29, 2017, 08:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Subscribe & Save 33% Off the cover price Subscribe Now Gift Subscription Subscription Services Washington Monthly Newsletter Get email updates from the Washington Monthly. Sign Up The Magazine Group Current Issue Past Issues Group Political Animal Blog Politics 2016 College Guide and Rankings Economy Government Education K-12 Higher Education Law and Justice Health Care Books Group Republic 3.0 Special Reports Successes of Philanthropy Column 2 About Advertise Contact Careers Privacy Policy Donate Subscribe Share Tweet Print Email Yates Was Warned. Nevertheless, She Persisted by Nancy LeTourneau March 28, 2017 2:40 PM Political Animal Blog U.S. Dept of Labor Donate Subscribe Share Tweet Print Email The words that sparked the resistance movement to rally in support of Sen. Elizabeth Warren when McConnell tried to silence her now apply to Sally Yates. If you remember, she is the woman who served as the Deputy Attorney General in the Obama administration and was initially asked to stay on as the Acting Attorney General for Trump until he fired her for refusing to defend his travel ban. Prior to her firing, she warned the White House that the statements made by Michael Flynn about his contacts with the Russian Ambassador were not true and could potentially be used as blackmail against him, a warning that the White House chose to ignore until the information became public and Flynn was fired. Yates was planning to testify about her knowledge of some of these events to the House Intelligence Committee that is currently chaired by Rep. Devin Nunes. But apparently the White House has been attempting to stop her from doing so. According to letters The Post reviewed, the Justice Department notified Yates earlier this month that the administration considers a great deal of her possible testimony to be barred from discussion in a congressional hearing because the topics are covered by the presidential communication privilege. Jeremy Bash, former Chief of Staff at DOD and the CIA during the Obama administration, had previously suggested that she might have some important information to share with the committee. Interesting—Jeremy Bash implies Sally Yates had revelations for House Intel about when she told WH that Flynn lied. Nunes nixed the hearing. pic.twitter.com/vKCd1jdoc5 — Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) March 28, 2017 As he stated, Nunes cancelled the hearing. Today we learned that happened on the same day that Yates’ lawyer responded to the attempts by the White House to silence her. Yates’ lawyer then sent a letter Friday to the White House lawyer, McGahn, saying that any claim of privilege “has been waived as a result of the multiple public comments of current senior White House officials describing the January 2017 communications. Nevertheless, I am advising the White House of Ms. Yates’ intention to provide information.’’ That same day, the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, Devin Nunes, announced he would not go forward with the public hearing that was to feature Yates’ testimony. One of the cliches to emerge from the Watergate scandal was, “It’s not the crime, it’s the cover-up.” With the recent activities of Rep. Nunes and now this, it is increasingly looking like the White House is engaged in a cover-up. Regardless of what evidence is available for the probe into whether or not the Trump campaign colluded with the Russians, they are sure acting like they have something to hide. We don’t know how important Yates’ testimony will be. But obviously she is determined to persist, even after being warned. So if or when she is able to testify in an open hearing, the White House just ensured that it will be considered yuuuuuge. Nancy LeTourneau Nancy LeTourneau is a contributing writer for the Washington Monthly. Related Posts (Photo by Kevin Dietsch - Pool/Getty Images) The Glaring Omissions in Trump's Climate Rule by Nancy LeTourneau March 28, 2017 11:03 AM The most important part of Trump's new rules is what isn't included. iStock How the Failure to Repeal Obamacare Is Affecting Wall Street by Nancy LeTourneau March 28, 2017 8:30 AM Wall Street fat cats thought sweeping tax cuts were a sure thing. Not anymore. Quick Takes: Will Trump Face a Government Shutdown On His 100th Day? by Nancy LeTourneau March 27, 2017 6:07 PM * While we’ve all been focused on the disaster of the Republican failure to repeal ...read more Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Most Popular Politics Trump Built His Own Prison by Martin Longman March 25, 2017 10:42 AM He’s barely been in office for two months and he’s already cut off every possibility for success. Political Animal Blog Anatomy of a Disaster: Trump Didn’t Care, and the GOP Didn’t Have a Plan by David Atkins March 25, 2017 3:52 AM As dawn breaks over the wreckage of the GOP’s failed... Political Animal Blog Devin Nunes Intends to Obstruct Justice by Martin Longman March 22, 2017 4:00 PM The House Intelligence Chairman said he will go to the White House to share classified FBI information with the very people under investigation. Political Animal Blog Fred Trump and Roy Cohn: The Voices Inside Trump’s Head by Nancy LeTourneau March 22, 2017 10:12 AM The president can't shake the oppressive, domineering beliefs of his two biggest role models. Political Animal Blog Quick Takes: Will Trump Face a Government Shutdown On His 100th Day? by Nancy LeTourneau March 27, 2017 6:07 PM * While we’ve all been focused on the disaster of... Washington Monthly Newsletter Get email updates from the Washington Monthly. Sign Up Donate Subscribe Washington Monthly Newsletter Get email updates from the Washington Monthly. Sign Up The Magazine Group Current Issue Past Issues Group Political Animal Blog Politics 2016 College Guide and Rankings Economy Government Education K-12 Higher Education Law and Justice Health Care Books Group Republic 3.0 Special Reports Successes of Philanthropy Column 2 About Advertise Contact Careers Privacy Policy © 2017 Washington Monthly.
Please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds. KitGuru The KitGuru System Home News Reviews Gaming Lifestyle Mobile Professional Forum Home / Tech News / Featured Tech Reviews / Seasonic PRIME 850W Platinum PSU Review Seasonic PRIME 850W Platinum PSU Review Allan 'Zardon' Campbell 21 hours ago Featured Tech Reviews, Power Supplies, Reviews Rating: 8.5. 1. Introduction2. Bundle & Cabling3. External4. Internal5. Methodology and Testing6. Closing Thoughts7. View All Pages It has been only a few days since we had a new Seasonic power supply in our labs for analysis. We have already looked at their 1200W and 1000W PRIME Platinum models in recent weeks, and today we analyse the 850W model. These power supplies are pure modular by design and feature low noise high grade Fluid Dynamic Bearing (FDB) cooling fans. At this point we have only good things to say about the new PRIME Platinum power supplies. If the 850 Watt supply holds true to form then Seasonic will have one of their most consistent releases in recent history. We don’t expect anything dramatically different from this unit, but only after testing will we know. Overclockers UK are already taking orders for the Seasonic PRIME 850W Platinum power supply – priced at £204.95 inc vat HERE. Yes, there is no arguing that these units are expensive, and this isn’t even their highest specification 850 Watt model either. The PRIME Titanium 850 Watt costs £25 more, available at £229.99 inc vat HERE. 850W PRIME Platinum Specifications: – Model name: SSR-850TD Active PFC F3 – 80 PLUS®: Titanium – Form Factor: Intel ATX 12 V – Dimensions: 170mm (L) x 150mm (W) x 86mm (H) +/-1 mm – Fan Size: 135 mm – Fan Control: Premium Hybrid Fan Control – Fan Bearing: Fluid Dynamic Bearing – Life Expectancy: 70,000 hours at 40 °C, 15 % – 65 % RH – Modularity: Fully Modular – Cable type: Flat black cables – Operating Temperature: 0 – 50 °C – Hold-up Time: Above 30 ms – MTBF @ 25 °C, excl. fan: 150,000 hours – AC Input: Full Range – Protection: OPP, OVP, UVP, OCP, OTP, SCP – Safety and EMC: cTUVus, TUV, CB, CCC, BSMI, EAC – Environmental Compliance: Energy Star, RoHS, WEEE, ErP Lot 6, REACH Review photography handled in house at KitGuru with a Leica S series medium format camera and S series prime lens. Please do not use any of the images within this review without express permission. Pages: 1 2 3 4 5 6 Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Pinterest Tags Prime Review Seasonic seasonic prime 850w Seasonic PRIME 850W Platinum Seasonic PRIME 850W Platinum PSU Review Previous Final Fantasy 14 patch revamps free trial and paves way for Stormblood Next 61% of KitGuru readers polled own Nvidia graphics Check Also FSP’s new Dagger series brings Gold efficiency to SFX power supplies The heart of any decent PC build is the power supply. However, when it comes … Helensbarnes Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours and have longer with friends & family! !mj232d: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I’ve had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !mj232d: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialJobsCash232ShopGlobalGetPay$97Hour… ★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★:::::!mj232d:….,…. Polls Which CPU air cooler next? Antec Arctic be quiet! Cooler Master Noctua Phanteks Thermaltake Sorry - Liquid only View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive KitGuru Facebook Archives Archives Select Month March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010  Contact Us © Copyright 2017, Kitguru.net All Rights Reserved
TechRadar pro IT insights for business Search RSS US Edition News Reviews Insights TechRadar Laptops/PCs Printers Hardware Software Mobile Working Security Networks VPN Data Centre Hands on: Eurocom Sky X4E2 review A fully upgradable workstation, but a hefty one Not yet rated By Desire Athow Laptops and netbooks  Shares What is a hands on review? Our Early Verdict The Sky X4E2 is the only player in town should you be looking for a mobile workstation that can keep up with a mid-range mono-socket desktop workstation – but not with the SKU that we tested. For Highly customisable Great expansion capabilities Against Poor value for money Battery life is appalling The global PC market for consumers has moved on from desktops to laptops, but professionals are still mostly clinging to desktop computers because, historically, they have been far more powerful than their portable counterparts. Over the past few years though, the tables have turned with mobile workstations becoming more and more powerful as component manufacturers focus their R&D efforts on designing small, power-sipping parts that can be used both on laptops and desktops. In the world of mobile powerhouses, there are only two big players outside of the usual household names (Lenovo, HP, Dell, MSI etc) and both are relatively unknown to the wider community. Quanta and Clevo are both based in Taiwan and account for almost all of the mobile workstations sold globally. So it is not surprising that Eurocom, one of the few mobile workstation vendors, is using a Clevo platform (likely to be the P751DM2-G) for its latest portable, the Sky X4E2. Eurocom is based in Canada but has partnered with a Czech outfit, Goldmax, to provide EU-based support to its customers on this side of the Atlantic. The X4E2 is a beast and reminds us of the PC Specialist Octane II Pro, albeit in a 15.6-inch form factor. It has the same industrial design and disregard for the race towards thinness which has characterised the laptop industry over the past decade. In fact, this is a ridiculously thick laptop that tops the scales at almost 3.6kg with an 82Whr 8-cell battery, and that’s without the massive 230W power supply unit which weighs just over 1kg by itself (once you factor in the power cable). As for its footprint, at 386 x 262 x 38mm, it is far bigger than your average business laptop, and about twice the thickness, which shouldn’t come as a surprise. There are two reasons why Eurocom chose such a generously big chassis for the Sky X4E2. The first is because it’s billed as an upgradable laptop with a replaceable GPU and CPU, a move aimed at maximising ROI by lengthening the lifecycle of a product that could cost thousands. Incidentally, that also means vendors can use one base unit for a number of use cases, saving on development and rollout costs. End users can therefore configure laptops with Xeon or Core i7 CPUs paired with GeForce or Quadro parts.  Secondly, the larger size also means there’s space for ample expansion capabilities with up to four storage drives (two M2.2280 SSDs and two 9.5mm, 2.5-inch bays) and four SO-DIMM sockets. The same applies to connectivity options: there’s 802.11ac Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, six USB ports (including two TB3/Type-C), two mini-DisplayPorts, one HDMI 2.0, four audio ports, one Ethernet connector, a card reader, and a fingerprint sensor. As expected, this notebook runs Windows 10 Pro but there are clear signs that betray its gaming DNA. The stylish air vents at the back, the Sound Blaster audio, the Killer NIC technology, gaming settings in the control panel, the ability to create key macros plus the fact that you can customise the colour of the keyboard lights. Our review sample came with a Full HD IPS display, an Intel Core i7-7700K CPU (clocked at 4.2GHz, with a 91W TDP), an Nvidia GeForce GTX 1070 MXM GPU with 8GB GDDR5 memory, a single 16GB memory module, 512GB SSD (Samsung NVMe), 1TB HDD (Hitachi, 7200RPM) and a 2-megapixel webcam. You can customise your own workstation via Eurocom-Europe. A few points worth mentioning: prices are in Euros, the OS is optional, the default keyboard is US (you have to pay extra to get a UK one fitted) and the warranty for individuals (a standard two-year) is cheaper than for companies. The total bill for the configuration at the time of writing was €3378 (around £2,925, $3,650), which is about 30% more expensive than if the machine was sourced from the US, even with shipping costs included. When it comes to sheer performance and handling, this particular version of the Sky X4E2 didn’t disappoint. We love the display which delivered sharp and crisp colours, and ditto for the keyboard and the touchpad (which has a fingerprint reader and two physical buttons). Both provided great feedback and all this will likely delight most touch typists. Eurocom’s laptop returned some exceptionally good numbers on our synthetic benchmark tests. Its CPU reached 2,211 and 9,741 points on CPU-Z single and multi-thread tests respectively. Its SSD hit a jaw-dropping 2.21GBps and 1.59GBps on CrystalDiskMark for read/write speeds. The X4E2 produced the same level of performance with Passmark, hitting 6,409 in terms of its Passmark rating and 12,268 on CPU Mark. Cinebench numbers were equally impressive with 141.18 fps on OpenGL and a staggering 922cb for the CPU test. Of course, don’t raise your expectations concerning battery longevity. Eurocom quotes a 130-minute battery life, but expect it to be much shorter, especially if you use the laptop as intended (i.e. under full load with GPU and CPU maxed out). It is worth pointing out that the device supports Intel’s XTU (Extreme Tuning Utility) which allows users to overclock their (unlocked) CPU without much effort, and TPM (Trusted Platform Module) which encrypts the data on the laptop. Early verdict Let’s be clear – the unique selling point of the Sky X4E2 is how customisable it is. The model we were sent used consumer parts (Intel Core/GeForce components) and as such represents poor value for money compared to similar models from established brands in the UK. A similar configuration sourced from PC Specialist costs almost £1,000 less (around $1,250), but comes with an even better processor. Eurocom is in a unique position, though, as it’s the only vendor in the market to provide an extensive list of customisation options to cater for professional users. PC Specialist confirmed to us that it will no longer offer such components (Xeon or Quadro parts). The Sky X4E2 is a decent performer with tons of configuration options and extensive connectivity. Its split personality makes it ideal for someone who works in verticals that demand the sort of firepower delivered by this laptop, and is also happy to have some gaming grunt for after the working day is done. We’ve highlighted the 10 best mobile workstations of 2017 What is a hands on review? 'Hands on reviews' are a journalist's first impressions of a piece of kit based on spending some time with it. It may be just a few moments, or a few hours. The important thing is we have been able to play with it ourselves and can give you some sense of what it's like to use, even if it's only an embryonic view. For more information, see TechRadar's Reviews Guarantee. GET YOUR FREE MAGAZINE NET: The Money Issue worth £5.99 Join 13,000 TechRadar Pro subscribers! Sign up for a new, free business service from TechRadar Pro to help you in your job delivering high value, original content direct to your inbox GET MY FREE MAGAZINE No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 Samsung Galaxy S8: release date and everything you need to know 2 Samsung Galaxy S8 launch live blog - as it happened 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 8 release date, news and rumors 4 Samsung Galaxy S8 review 5 The 15 best laptops of 2017: the top laptops ranked 1 Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus review 2 Samsung Galaxy S8: release date and everything you need to know 3 Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus release date, news and features 4 Samsung Galaxy S8 launch live blog - as it happened 5 Samsung Galaxy S8 review TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. About Us Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
Please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds. KitGuru The KitGuru System Home News Reviews Gaming Lifestyle Mobile Professional Forum Home / Tech News / Featured Tech Reviews / Gigabyte Aorus AX370-Gaming 5 Motherboard Review Gigabyte Aorus AX370-Gaming 5 Motherboard Review Luke Hill 23 hours ago Featured Tech Reviews, Motherboard, Reviews Rating: 8.5. 1. Introduction2. Gigabyte AX370-Gaming 5: Packaging and Bundle3. Gigabyte AX370-Gaming 5: Board Layout and Features4. Gigabyte X370 UEFI5. Gigabyte X370 Software6. Testing Methodology7. Tests: CPU Related8. Tests: Memory & System Related9. Tests: Gaming Related10. Overclocking & Power Consumption11. Tests: Motherboard Features Performance12. Closing Thoughts13. View All Pages Gigabyte has given several of its AM4 X370 motherboards the Aorus treatment. We examine the Aorus AX370-Gaming 5 – a £205 motherboard that features Gigabyte’s Smart Fan 5 system and RGB Fusion LED lighting. Storage geeks will be happy to see the inclusion of M.2 and U.2, as well as 10Gbps USB 3.1 Gen 2, while users looking for a straightforward running process will appreciate Gigabyte’s UEFI-based XMP memory support. Introduced with its Z270 product range, Aorus branding for Gigabyte’s motherboards is similar to the approach that ASUS takes for Republic of Gamers products. The Gigabyte Aorus AX370-Gaming 5 features an eye-catching black and white colour scheme and includes a hefty set of onboard RGB LED lighting zones that fit into the vendor’s RGB Fusion system. Another staple of the Aorus product range is Smart Fan 5. This is Gigabyte’s fancy name for an enthusiast-grade fan control system that uses 4-pin ‘Hybrid‘ PWM- and DC-capable headers throughout and provides granular control in the UEFI and OS software. The AMP-UP audio system is based around a pair of Realtek’s popular ALC1220 codecs and their inbuilt amplifiers. Dual NICs, one from Killer and one from Intel, are provided in addition to a supplementary pair of USB 3.1 10Gbps ports powered by an ASMedia chipset. Maintaining the storage focus, 32Gbps PCIe 3.0 x4 connectivity for fast NVMe SSDs is provided by way of onboard M.2 as well as U.2. With a long list of functionality- and performance-based features, can Gigabyte’s Aorus AX370-Gaming 5 prove itself a worthy contender at £205? Features (taken from the Gigabyte product page): Dual Channel ECC/ Non-ECC Unbuffered DDR4, 4 DIMMs Fast 4 USB 3.1 Gen 2 with USB Type-C™ and Type-A 2-Way CrossFire™/SLI™ Multi-Graphics Support with Dual Armor and Ultra Durable™ Design NVMe PCIe Gen3 x4 U.2 Connector Ultra-Fast PCIe Gen3 x4 M.2 with PCIe NVMe & SATA mode support Creative® Sound Blaster X-Fi MB5 support Dual ALC 1220 with Front & Rear 120dB SNR HD Audio with Dual Smart Headphone Amps Killer™ E2500 Gaming Network + Intel® Gigabit LAN USB DAC-UP 2 & 4 Front USB 3.0 Ports with Adjustable Voltage RGB FUSION with Multi-Zone LED Light Show design Swappable Overlay for Accent LED Smart Fan 5 features 9 Temperature Sensors and 8 Hybrid Fan Headers 2 External Thermistors Headers with 2 Included Thermistors GIGABYTE UEFI DualBIOS™ Pages: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Pinterest Tags AM4 AMD aorus ax370-gaming 5 Gigabyte motherboard Review Ryzen X370 Previous The new Razer Blade Pro has higher specs, gets THX certification Next Destiny 2 ‘Last Call’ teaser drops plenty of story hints, full reveal coming tomorrow Check Also ASUS BIOS update will enable support for Intel Optane Memory on Z270 motherboards Earlier this month, Intel officially started rolling out products based on its new 3D XPoint technology, … Helensbarnes Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours and have longer with friends & family! !mj231d: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I’ve had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !mj231d: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialJobsCash231TopGlobalGetPay$97Hour… ★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★:::::!mj231d:….,…… Polls Which CPU air cooler next? Antec Arctic be quiet! Cooler Master Noctua Phanteks Thermaltake Sorry - Liquid only View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive KitGuru Facebook Archives Archives Select Month March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010  Contact Us © Copyright 2017, Kitguru.net All Rights Reserved
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps Bullish Crunch Report News Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Snap Amazon NASA News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team Disrupt NYGet Big Savings On Disrupt NY Tickets Before It's Too Late Sign Up To Save Today! Cloud Cloud Foundry launches its developer certification program CoreOS extends its Tectonic Kubernetes service to Azure and OpenStack Lystable takes $10M top-up to tackle freelancer payments Browse more... Docker Docker’s new enterprise edition gives containers an out-of-the-box experience Docker makes secrets management a built-in feature of its enterprise product Docker open sources critical infrastructure component Browse more... coreos CoreOS extends its Tectonic Kubernetes service to Azure and OpenStack CoreOS updates it Tectonic container platform to make updates easy CoreOS introduces Operators to streamline Kubernetes container management Browse more... containers CoreOS extends its Tectonic Kubernetes service to Azure and OpenStack Docker’s new enterprise edition gives containers an out-of-the-box experience OpenStack sets its sights on the next generation of private clouds Browse more... cloud native computing foundation Google contributes its gRPC framework to the Cloud Native Computing Foundation Cloud Native Computing Foundation adds Linkerd as its fifth hosted project Kubernetes founders launch Heptio with $8.5M in funding to help bring containers to the enterprise Browse more... Cloud Native Computing Foundation grows with new projects and members Posted 23 hours ago by Frederic Lardinois (@fredericl) 0 SHARES Next Story As the Oculus Rift turns 1, Facebook is still responsible for where VR industry goes next The Cloud Native Computing Foundation (CNCF), the open source home of the increasingly popular Kubernetes container orchestration service and related projects, is hosting its annual developer conference today and the group used the event to announce that it has accepted projects from Docker (containerd) and CoreOS (rkt) into its fold. Docker’s containerd is the company’s container runtime and a core part of Docker’s portfolio of container management and orchestration services that was born out of Docker’s need to move many of the standard container life-cycle management features out of the Docker Engine (think container execution and supervision, local storage, etc.). Through Docker, containerd is already being widely used by a large number of companies today. As Docker’s Patrick Chanezon noted during his CloudNativeCon keynote in Berlin today, the company decided to donate the project to the CNCF because it was looking for a neutral organization that could provide the right kind of stewardship for it. CoreOS’ rkt (pronounced “rocket”), on the other hand, is that company’s container engine for Linux clusters. Unlike containerd, it’s not a daemon but a single executable that is meant to integrate with other container projects, including Kubernetes itself. While CoreOS originally launched rkt as a competitor to the Docker Engine, and with a focus on its own container format, it has now become a standards-compliant container engine. “Kubernetes and other container orchestrators benefit from reliable, community-driven container runtimes, like rkt,” said CNCF director Dan Kohn today. “Having a container runtime engine such as rkt, along with container cluster managing system Kubernetes under a single foundation umbrella will bring huge benefits for providing solid end-user solutions to the industry.” In addition, the organization also announced a number of new members (like all Linux Foundation-managed projects, it’s those members that provide the financial support for the CNCF’s activities). Dell is making a pretty major commitment by joining up as a Platinum member (a $370,000/year commitment ), where it joins the likes of Cisco, CoreOS, Docker, Google, Huawei, IBM, Intel, Red Hat and others. SUSE is a new Gold-level member ($120,000/year), while HarmonyCloud, QAware, Solinea and TenxCloud are joining as Silver members (which pay between $7,000 and $50,000, depending on the number of employees). “Open source is the key to agility in today’s environment, where environments must be able to handle rapid change and evolution driven by software,” said Josh Bernstein, VP of Technology for Dell EMC, in today’s announcement. “By joining CNCF, we are furthering our commitment to enabling transformation, while making software open, accessible and consumable as the heart of enterprise IT strategy.” As a final piece of news, the CNCF is also making the curriculum for its Kubernetes Certified Administrator Exam freely available under an open source license. While this is a not necessarily a new trend, we’ve seen the number of open source certification programs increase over the last few years. Other large open source projects like OpenStack and Cloud Foundry (which announced its program today) face the same talent crunch as the CNCF. They, too, are looking at these certification programs to not just certify that a potential employee knows these projects inside-out, but also to help develop a new talent pool by offering a clear curriculum for getting started with them. Featured Image: Barbara Neveu/Shutterstock 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Cloud Native Computing Foundation (CNCF) Founded 2016 Overview Cloud native computing uses an open source software stack to deploy applications as microservices, packaging each part into its own container, and dynamically orchestrating those containers to optimize resource utilization. The Cloud Native Computing Foundation (CNCF) hosts critical components of those software stacks including Kubernetes, Prometheus, Fluentd and OpenTracing; brings together the industry’s … Location New York, NY Categories Cloud Infrastructure, Cloud Computing, Non Profit, Open Source Website https://www.cncf.io/ Full profile for Cloud Native Computing Foundation (CNCF) CoreOS Founded 2013 Overview CoreOS is a leader in the Kubernetes community and creator of Tectonic, a secure and complete platform that extends Kubernetes with key enterprise features that ease container orchestration. CoreOS creates and delivers critical components, such as the Quay private image registry, that are helping fuel broad adoption of a secure, scalable and resilient infrastructure inspired by hyperscale providers. … Location San Francisco, CA Categories Security, Web Hosting, Cloud Computing, Software, Linux Website http://coreos.com Full profile for CoreOS Docker Founded 2010 Overview Docker, Inc. is the company behind the Docker open source platform, and is the chief sponsor of the Docker ecosystem. Docker is an open platform for developers and system administrators to build, ship and run distributed applications. With Docker, IT organizations shrink application delivery from months to minutes, frictionlessly move workloads between data centers and the cloud and can achieve up … Location San Francisco, CA Categories SaaS, Cloud Computing, Enterprise Software, Open Source Website https://www.docker.com Full profile for Docker Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report Uber Releases Its Diversity Report | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes Docker coreos containers cloud native computing foundation Cloud Popular Posts Featured Stories Racial Justice with Google.org VIDEO | 8:29 | Bullish Facebook will launch group chatbots at F8 10 hours ago | Josh Constine Rover and DogVacay merge to dominate the pet-sitting market 13 hours ago | Katie Roof, Ryan Lawler Everything you need to know about Congress’ decision to expose your data to internet providers 14 hours ago | Devin Coldewey Samsung’s Galaxy S8 and S8+ are exactly what leaks suggested, and that’s a good thing 15 hours ago | Brian Heater Latest From TechCrunch Crunch Report | New Samsung Galaxy S8 & S8+ Phones 3 hours ago | Khaled "Tito" Hamze The Deck ad network is shutting down 5 hours ago | Anthony Ha It sounds like Munchery’s early investors are screwed 5 hours ago | Megan Rose Dickey Don’t give that GoFundMe to buy Republicans’ browser histories your money 6 hours ago | Taylor Hatmaker Comment moderation powered by Up Next As the Oculus Rift turns 1, Facebook is still responsible for where VR industry goes next Posted yesterday CrunchBoard Job Listings Local Market Sales Representative at Yumi (San Francisco, CA, United States) Two Sigma Ventures Investment Associate at Two Sigma Investments (New York, NY, United States) Public Relations Director at LaunchSquad (Boston, MA, United States) Business Development Associate at LaunchSquad (San Francisco, CA, United States) Digital Strategies / Webmaster Director at Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices Carolinas Realty (Winston-Salem, NC, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip Activations Blog International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps Bullish Crunch Report News All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Crunch Report | New Samsung Galaxy S8 & S8+ Phones 3 hours ago by Khaled "Tito" Hamze The Deck ad network is shutting down 5 hours ago by Anthony Ha It sounds like Munchery’s early investors are screwed 5 hours ago by Megan Rose Dickey Don’t give that GoFundMe to buy Republicans’ browser histories your money 6 hours ago by Taylor Hatmaker Watch the Senate’s open hearing on Russian election interference Thursday 7 hours ago by Taylor Hatmaker Your next smartphone is not going to be a revolution 7 hours ago by Brian Heater Waymo pursued arbitration with Anthony Levandowski before it sued Uber 8 hours ago by Kate Conger AdSemble launches a self-serve platform for buying digital billboard ads 8 hours ago by Anthony Ha Amazon to shut down Diapers.com and other Quidsi sites 9 hours ago by Sarah Perez Is technology contributing to increased inequality? 9 hours ago by Christoffer O. Hernæs
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Hardware Unboxed Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Industry 3d augmented reality Opinion Augmented reality finally delivers on 3D promise The integration of 3D digital objects into our 3D world is an incredibly powerful combination By Bob O'Donnell on Mar 28, 2017, 11:00 AM TechSpot The disillusionment was practically palpable. 3D was supposed to be the saving grace of a supposedly dying category, and drive a new level of engagement and involvement with media content. Alas, it was not to be, and 3D TVs and movies remain little more than a footnote in entertainment history. Not surprisingly, many people gave up on 3D overall as a result of this market failure, viewing the technology as little more than a gimmick. However, we’re on the verge of a new type of 3D: one that serves as the baseline for augmented reality experiences and that, I believe, will finally deliver on the promise of what many people felt 3D could potentially offer. The key difference is that, instead of trying to force a 3D world onto a 2D viewing plane, the next generation 3D enables the viewing of 3D objects in our naturally 3D world. Specifically, I’m referring to the combination of 3D cameras that can see and “understand” objects in the real world as being three-dimensional, along with 3D graphics that can be rendered and overlaid on this real-world view in a natural (and compelling) way. In other words, it’s a combination of 3D input and output, instead of just viewing an artificially rendered 3D output. While that difference may sound somewhat subtle in theory, in practice, it’s enormous. And, it’s at the very heart of what augmented reality is all about. From the simple, but ongoing, popularity of Pokemon Go, through the first Google Tango-capable phone (Lenovo’s Phab 2 Pro), into notebooks equipped with 3D cameras, and ultimately leading to the hotly rumored next generation iPhone (whether that turns out to be iPhone 8 or 10 or something completely different remains to be seen), integrating 3D depth cameras with high-quality digital graphics into a seamless augmented reality experience is clearly the future of personal computing. Integrating 3D depth cameras with high-quality digital graphics into a seamless augmented reality experience is clearly the future of personal computing. The ability to have objects, data and, ultimately, intelligence injected into our literal view of the world is one of the most intellectually and physically compelling examples of how computing can improve our lives that has popped up in some time. Yet, that’s exactly what this new version of augmented 3D reality can bring. Of course, arguably, Microsoft HoloLens was the first commercially available product to deliver on this vision. To this day, for those who have been fortunate enough to experience it, the technology, capabilities and opportunities that HoloLens enables are truly awe-inspiring. If Magic Leap moves its rumored AR headset beyond vaporware/fake demoware into a real product, then perhaps it too will demonstrate the undeniably compelling technological vision that augmented reality represents. The key point, however, is that the integration of 3D digital objects into our 3D world is an incredibly powerful combination that will bring computing overall, and smartphones in particular, to a new level of capability, usefulness, and, well, just plain coolness. It will also drive the creation of the first significant new product category that the tech world has seen in some time—augmented reality headsets. To be fair, initial shipment numbers for these AR headsets will likely be very small, due to costs, bulky sizes and other limitations, but the degree of unique usefulness that they will offer, will eventually make them a mainstream item. The key technology that will enable this to happen are depth cameras. Intel was quick to recognize their importance and built a line of RealSense cameras that were initially designed for notebooks to do facial recognition several years back. With Tango, Google brought these types of cameras to smartphones, and as mentioned, Apple is rumored to be bringing these to the next generation iPhone in order to make their first stab at augmented reality. The experience requires much more than just hardware, however, and that’s where the prospect of Apple doing some of their user interface (UI) software magic with depth cameras and AR could prove to be very interesting. The concept of 3D has been an exciting one that the tech industry has arguably been chasing since the first 3D movies of the 1950s. However, only with the current and future iterations of this technology tightly woven into the enablement of augmented reality, will the industry be able to bring the kind of impact that many always hoped 3D could have. Bob O’Donnell is the founder and chief analyst of TECHnalysis Research, LLC a technology consulting and market research firm. You can follow him on Twitter @bobodtech. This article was originally published on Tech.pinions. Related Reads Amazon may be planning to open augmented reality-equipped furniture stores Amazon patents outline vision for headset-free augmented reality 4 comments 61 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… Elon Musk launches Neuralink, a company to link our brains with machines Computing on the edge John Carmack files $22.5 million lawsuit against ZeniMax Popular 27 comments This is the new Samsung Galaxy S8 MSI GT83VR Titan SLI Review: GTX 1080 SLI! 13 comments Samsung store catches fire on eve of Galaxy S8 unveiling 16 comments Human waste discovered inside Coke cans at Northern Ireland production factory 12 comments Windows 10 Creators Update arrives early on the PC Load Comments 4 ... User Comments: 4 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 8 Samsung reveals its 34-foot, 4K LED Cinema Screen with HDR 97 How often do you replace your computer? 23 Elon Musk launches Neuralink, a company to link our brains with machines 27 This is the new Samsung Galaxy S8 32 YouTuber removed from Yooka-Laylee game for his controversial views on race and immigration Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise
MSPU Windows Phone Windows 10 Surface Xbox Enterprise Tip us Settings Text Input: Windows 10 Windows Phone Surface Xbox Enterprise Settings Tip us Forum Text Input: MSI announces frosty limited edition Trident 3 Arctic Gaming PC 0 by Pradeep  @pradeepviswav Mar 29, 2017 at 6:00 GMT1 day ago Earlier this year, MSI announced Trident 3 Gaming PC which was praised by media and awarded with an IF Design award. Yesterday, MSI announced a chilled limited edition of Trident 3 Arctic PC. With its icy white color, it gives a cool look. Apart from the new look, Trident 3 Arctic also gets a big performance upgrade. It now includes a customized GeForce GTX 1070 GAMING graphics card and uses the latest Intel 7th gen processor. Trident 3 Arctic is also VR-Ready. MSI has made it super easy to connect a VR headset by implementing VR Link, an HDMI-port on the front side of the system, supported by MSI’s One-click to VR software that automatically optimizes both system performance and prevents any software from impacting the VR experience. The MSI Trident 3 Arctic will be available in the USA at the beginning of April and at the end of April in EU regions. Some links in the article may not be viewable as you are using an AdBlocker. Please add us to your whitelist to enable the website to function properly. Related chilled limited edition frosty limited edition Trident 3 Arctic Gaming PC MSI MSI Trident gaming PC Trident 3 Arctic Tweet Share 0 Read these next Trending Windows 10 Mobile Build 15063.2 comes to Insiders in the Slow Ring by Sean Chan 0 Trending Here are the major features coming to Xbox One with today’s update by Asher Madan 0 Comments Advertisement MSPoweruser Podcast MSPoweruser Podcast 40: The final Creators Update build rolls out to Windows Insiders by Andrew Bennett on March 24, 2017 The Creators Update is just about finished, aside from some cumulative updates. Additionally, the US Army (specifically the GCSS) has ordered almost ten thousand rugged Windows 10 tablets. Y... Subscribe Now Windows 10 More evidence of PC recovery as Compal expects PC and Notebook sales to grow 10% in 2017 by Surur on March 30, 2017 There has been an ongoing rumble of a resurgent PC market as users move to thin, light, and more mobile notebooks and also more powerful PCs for gaming and VR. Now we have more evidence of t... Windows 10 Mobile Build 15063.2 comes to Insiders in the Slow Ring by Sean Chan Last night, Microsoft released Windows 10 Mobile build 15063.2 to Insiders in the Fast Ring. The latest build of Windows 10 Mobile only includes a single bug fix, so it honestly isn’t ... Windows Store survey finds users overall happy with the Store by Surur The Windows Store is not one of the strengths of Windows 10, but according to one developer more users should give it a try, as they may find themselves unexpectedly satisfied. Ben Fox from... Microsoft’s 3D capture app for mobile devices is not coming anytime soon by Pradeep At the Windows 10 Event last year, Microsoft demoed a new camera app that allows users to create 3D content by scanning real-world objects. The created 3D content can be then used in the new... Xbox One officially gets the Windows 10 Creators Update by Sean Chan Microsoft is finally rolling out the Windows 10 Creators Update to Xbox One users all around the world. The company has been testing the update with Xbox Insiders for a little while now, but... Deals Deal: ‘Final Fantasy XV’ on Xbox One for only $32.52 You can now get the ‘Final Fantasy XV’ game for Xbox One for just $32 from Amazon US, $27 off of it’s retail price of $59.99. As the Crown Prince Noctis and his three best... Deal: Pick up ‘Gears of War 4’ Standard Edition for $29.99 Online retailer Amazon is now selling ‘Gears of War 4: Standard Edition’ for Xbox One for only $29.99, discounted from its normal price of $59.99. The title is an Xbox Play Anyw... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core i5 and 256GB storage for $999 Microsoft Store is now offering a discount of $200 for the mid-range Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core i5, 256GB SSD and 8GB RA... Deal: Forza Horizon 3 for Xbox One/Windows 10 now available for just $39.99 You can now get the Forza Horizon 3 game for Xbox One/Windows 10 for just $39.99. Xbox Play Anywhere applies to digital games and allows you to play on both Xbox One and Windows 10 PC at no ... Buy the Walking Dead: Season 7, get free game episodes For a limited tinme, when you buy Season 7 of the Walking Dead TV series from the Microsoft Store, you can nab ‘The Walking Dead:A New Frontier’ game Episodes 1 and 2 for Windows... Deal: Save up to £345 on select Surface Book and Surface Pro 4 devices in the U... Microsoft Store is now offering up to £345 on select Surface Book and Surface Pro 4 devices in the UK. You can get £345 discount on the entry-level Surface Book model. Surface Book Intel C... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core m3 and 128GB storage for $699 Microsoft Store is now offering a discount of $100 for the entry level Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core m3, 128GB SSD and 4GB ... Destruction Derby title ‘FlatOut 4’ now available for download on Xb... Bigben Interactive has finally released the follow up to the Xbox 360’s ‘FlatOut: Ultimate Carnage’, and the first of many destruction racers to arrive on the console. ‘F... Deal: ‘Final Fantasy XV’ on Xbox One for only $34.99 You can now get the ‘Final Fantasy XV’ game for Xbox One for just $34.99 from Amazon US. As the Crown Prince Noctis and his three best friends set out on a journey to wed his fia... Surface Book comes to the Microsoft Store Denmark Danish Microsoft fans now have a chance to purchase Microsoft’s second coolest and most useful PC, the Surface Book, directly from the Microsoft Store. Microsoft Denmark announced on F... Forums About Us Contact Us Tip Us Submit Articles Community Guidelines Privacy Policy © 2017 MSPoweruser - All rights reservedNot associated with Microsoft   Top
Jump to Navigation MSNBC facebook twitter google plus rss tumblr instagram Explore All {{issue.issue.title}} Latest {{topic.topic.short_title}} {{teaser.description}} Watch Featured Shows Weekday Weekend Live LIVE - ONLY ONLINE Watch Videos TV Schedule Search Videos Digital Documentaries Join In Help Live TV share tweet email save Embed The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/28/17 White House denies trying to stop key testimony in Russia probe The White House calls a report saying it tried to stop fmr. Acting A.G. Sally Yates from testifying about Russia '100% false' as the GOP House Intel. Cmte. chair rejects calls to recuse himself. ... more Duration: {{video.duration.momentjs}} Up next in: The 11th Hour with Brian Williams White House denies trying to stop key... info White House denies trying to stop key... The White House calls a report saying it tried to stop fmr. Acting A.G. Sally Yates from testifying about Russia '100% false' as the GOP House Intel. Cmte. chair rejects calls to recuse himself. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/28/17 Duration: 13:35 save Trump turns down invite to throw out... info Trump turns down invite to throw out... MSNBC's Brian Williams talks to author and presidential historian Doris Kearns Goodwin about the fact Donald Trump said a scheduling conflict will keep him from this presidential tradition. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/29/17 Duration: 2:58 save What do we know about Ivanka Trump's new... info What do we know about Ivanka Trump's new... MSNBC's Brian Williams talks to Rachel Abrams of The New York Times and The Wall Street Journal's Eli Stokols about Trump naming another family member to his White House team. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/29/17 Duration: 4:14 save Jeremy Bash: Our system of checks and... info Jeremy Bash: Our system of checks and... MSNBC's Brian Williams talks to former CIA Chief of Staff Jeremy Bash about exactly what's at stake for our democracy when it comes to learning about Russia's influence in our elections. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/29/17 Duration: 1:31 save Flynn stayed at White House 17 days after... info Flynn stayed at White House 17 days after... Why did it take 17 days after fmr. Acting AG Sally Yates tipped off the White House about Mike Flynn before he was let go? MSNBC's Brian Williams talks to fmr. CIA Chief of Staff Jeremy Bash. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/29/17 Duration: 3:38 save Senate Intel. Cmte. leaders promise... info Senate Intel. Cmte. leaders promise... The two leaders of the Senate Intelligence Committee, Sen. Richard Burr (R-NC) & Sen. Mark Warner (D-VA), are promising a thorough Russia investigation. Brian Williams discusses with his panel. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/29/17 Duration: 13:28 save Trump ends Obama climate change policies... info Trump ends Obama climate change policies... Rolling back protections on carbon dioxide emissions and pledging to end the 'war on coal,' Pres. Trump rolls back Obama environmental policy. MSNBC's Brian Williams discusses with his panel. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/28/17 Duration: 4:04 save Sean Spicer battles with veteran reporter... info Sean Spicer battles with veteran reporter... MSNBC's Brian Williams talks to his panel about the stunning back and forth on Russia between White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer and veteran White House reporter April Ryan. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/28/17 Duration: 5:36 save Sen. Angus King on why he's unsure how he... info Sen. Angus King on why he's unsure how he... MSNBC's Brian Williams speaks with Sen. Angus King (I-ME) who says he's still trying to figure Judge Gorsuch out ahead of his vote on Trump's Supreme Court nominee. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/28/17 Duration: 1:08 save Sen. Angus King: Stakes are so high for... info Sen. Angus King: Stakes are so high for... With the House Intel. Cmte. in disarray, Senate Intelligence Committee member Sen. Angus King (I-ME) talks about what we can expect from the Russia investigation in the upper chamber of Congress. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/28/17 Duration: 6:21 save Just 67 days in, Pres. Trump's approval... info Just 67 days in, Pres. Trump's approval... Never before has a president hit Trump's new record low approval rating as quickly as Trump has. MSNBC's Brian Williams discusses with NBC News Presidential Historian Michael Beschloss. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/27/17 Duration: 4:43 save Senate Intel. Cmte. to question Trump son... info Senate Intel. Cmte. to question Trump son... On the same day the White House announced yet another role for Trump's son-in-law Jared Kushner, we learned Kushner will face questions in a Senate probe on Russia. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/27/17 Duration: 7:48 save Top House Intel Dem Schiff tells Chairman... info Top House Intel Dem Schiff tells Chairman... After GOP House Intel. Chairman Nunes admitted he went to the White House to view the intelligence he shared with Trump, his Democratic counterpart says Nunes should get off the investigation. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/27/17 Duration: 14:03 save House Intel Chair Nunes cancels public... info House Intel Chair Nunes cancels public... As the investigation into Pres. Trump and Russia continues, there's been blowback after Rep. Nunes canceled a public hearing next week. MSNBC's Brian Williams talks to Jeremy Bash. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/24/17 Duration: 5:22 save Trump in February: 'Nobody knew' health... info Trump in February: 'Nobody knew' health... After today's health care defeat, MSNBC's Brian Williams looks at the President's comments last month when he expressed surprise at how difficult health care reform really is. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/24/17 Duration: 1:59 save Candidate Trump pledged to end Obamacare ... info Candidate Trump pledged to end Obamacare ... Speaking after the GOP health care bill fell apart, Pres. Trump said he never pledged to repeal and replace Obamacare early in his administration. But that's just not true. Our panel reacts. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/24/17 Duration: 5:35 save In a colossal defeat, Trump-Ryan health... info In a colossal defeat, Trump-Ryan health... The top two Republicans in Washington, Pres. Trump and Speaker Ryan, suffered an embarrassing defeat as the GOP health care bill fell apart. How did it happen? MSNBC's Brian Williams breaks it down. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/24/17 Duration: 16:05 save Defiant Trump defends blatant falsehoods... info Defiant Trump defends blatant falsehoods... MSNBC's Brian Williams talks to TIME Magazine Washington Bureau Chief Michael Scherer about his shocking interview with Pres. Trump where Trump didn't back down from past false statements. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/23/17 Duration: 6:42 save Intel. Cmte. Dem on reports of new... info Intel. Cmte. Dem on reports of new... Rep. Jim Himes (D-CT) of the House Intelligence Committee reacts to the news from the committee's top Democrat that there is new evidence of possible collusion between Team Trump & Russia. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/23/17 Duration: 6:43 save Will Trump ask Paul Ryan to resign if... info Will Trump ask Paul Ryan to resign if... MSNBC'S Brian Williams shares a breaking New York Times report that Trump is upset with Ryan over health care and Sean Spicer being asked if Ryan should resign if the vote fails. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/23/17 Duration: 7:51 save Channels MSNBCTV Retrieving data... LIVE watch now Information full TV schedule Live Online Retrieving Data... LIVE - ONLY ONLINE watch now Desc Information videos The 11th Hour with Brian Williams comments Top Stories from NBC News and MSNBC Graham on Nunes controversy: 'It's a mess' 8 hours 40 min ago Schiff presses for public hearing for Sally Yates 5 hours 6 min ago Russian activist poisoned twice: 'I'm not going to hide' 6 hours 40 min ago For Trump, drug epidemic is about one thing: border enforcement 6 hours 33 min ago GOP takes new steps to keep Trump’s tax returns secret Campaign to purchase lawmakers' browsing history April Ryan's first question to Spicer after confrontation The ghost of Bridgegate forever haunts Gov. Christie Fmr. DNC Chair to Sanders: 'We are already a grassroots party' Fired US attorney at nexus of multiple Trump scandals Best of MSNBC Jeremy Bash: Our system of checks and... info Jeremy Bash: Our system of checks and... MSNBC's Brian Williams talks to former CIA Chief of Staff Jeremy Bash about exactly what's at stake for our democracy when it comes to learning about Russia's influence in our elections. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/29/17 Duration: 1:31 save Flynn stayed at White House 17 days after... info Flynn stayed at White House 17 days after... Why did it take 17 days after fmr. Acting AG Sally Yates tipped off the White House about Mike Flynn before he was let go? MSNBC's Brian Williams talks to fmr. CIA Chief of Staff Jeremy Bash. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/29/17 Duration: 3:38 save Senate Intel. Cmte. leaders promise... info Senate Intel. Cmte. leaders promise... The two leaders of the Senate Intelligence Committee, Sen. Richard Burr (R-NC) & Sen. Mark Warner (D-VA), are promising a thorough Russia investigation. Brian Williams discusses with his panel. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/29/17 Duration: 13:28 save Report: Comey wanted to reveal Russian... info Report: Comey wanted to reveal Russian... Newsweek reports FBI director James Comey wanted to go public with information about Russia's interference in the presidential election as early as summer 2016. Newsweek senior writer Max Kutner joins Lawrence O'Donnell. The Last Word with Lawrence O'Donnell 03/29/17 Duration: 3:58 save Could House Intel Chairman Nunes be... info Could House Intel Chairman Nunes be... After mentioning that he viewed FISA warrants, House Intelligence Chair Devin Nunes may have breached a House ethics rule, leaving him open to investigation and a former CIA analyst gives White House staff step-by-step instructions on how to check who... The Last Word with Lawrence O'Donnell 03/29/17 Duration: 12:23 save Why the Senate Russia Probe is trouble for... info Why the Senate Russia Probe is trouble for... Unlike the House Intelligence committee’s Russia investigation that was thrown into chaos by its chairman, the Senate investigation is being taken very seriously by the Republican Chairman and Democratic Vice-Chairman. The Last Word with Lawrence O'Donnell 03/29/17 Duration: 6:49 save Schiff presses for public hearing for Yates info Schiff presses for public hearing for Yates Congressman Adam Schiff, ranking member of the House Intelligence Committee, talks with Rachel Maddow about resistance by Chairman Devin Nunes to hear from former acting Attorney General Sally Yates and the priorities of Democrats on the committee. The Rachel Maddow Show 03/29/17 Duration: 3:40 save Schiff: Nunes questions hurt credibility info Schiff: Nunes questions hurt credibility Congressman Adam Schiff, ranking member of the House Intelligence Committee, talks with Rachel Maddow about how recent antics by Chairman Nunes have stalled the committee's progress on the investigation into ties between Russia and the Donald Trump cam... The Rachel Maddow Show 03/29/17 Duration: 6:26 save Trump talk provokes NATO self-reckoning info Trump talk provokes NATO self-reckoning Anders Fogh Rasmussen, former NATO secretary general, talks with Rachel Maddow about Vladimir Putin's desire for the destruction of NATO and concerns about Donald Trump's commitment to the organization. The Rachel Maddow Show 03/29/17 Duration: 8:38 save Political strains in West serve Putin goals info Political strains in West serve Putin goals Rachel Maddow looks at the role of NATO and the European Union keep Russian power in check and how the weakening of those institutions serve Vladimir Putin's global power strategy. The Rachel Maddow Show 03/29/17 Duration: 19:55 save Matthews: Call me an optimist but we saw... info Matthews: Call me an optimist but we saw... Chris Matthews describes the heroism of Senate Richard Burr and Senator Mark Warner who serves as Chairman and ranking Democrat of the Senate Intelligence Committee. Hardball with Chris Matthews 03/29/17 Duration: 1:48 save Wasserman Schultz to Sanders: ‘We Are... info Wasserman Schultz to Sanders: ‘We Are... Former DNC Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz (D-FL) responds to Sen. Bernie Sanders’ call for a “top-down overhaul” of the Democratic Party. For the Record with Greta 03/29/17 Duration: 4:18 save Graham on Nunes Controversy: 'It's a Mess' info Graham on Nunes Controversy: 'It's a Mess' Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-SC) joins Greta Van Susteren to discuss House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes, the Gorsuch nomination fight, and more. For the Record with Greta 03/29/17 Duration: 7:44 save Speier Compares Nunes to Jekyll and Hyde info Speier Compares Nunes to Jekyll and Hyde House Intelligence Committee member Jackie Speier (D-CA) tells Greta Van Susteren that Chairman Devin Nunes “has become pugnacious and silent and surreptitious.” For the Record with Greta 03/29/17 Duration: 3:57 save Rep. Quigley: Nunes 'cannot serve two... info Rep. Quigley: Nunes 'cannot serve two... Rep. Mike Quigley, D-Il., a member of the House Intelligence Committee, says he believes that Chairmen Devin Nunes is following the White House’s orders. MSNBC Live 03/29/17 Duration: 5:10 save Watch April Ryan’s First Question to... info Watch April Ryan’s First Question to... April Ryan, reporter for the American Urban Radio Networks, asks Press Secretary Sean Spicer about the role of Representative Nunes and the controversy around him. 03/29/17 Duration: 5:04 save Police: Capitol shooting shows no... info Police: Capitol shooting shows no... Eva Malecki, Communications Director of Capitol Police, addresses reports regarding the shooting outside the Capitol and provides some details about the incident. MSNBC Live 03/29/17 Duration: 1:50 save Police Respond to Incident Near U.S. Capitol info Police Respond to Incident Near U.S. Capitol Reports indicate a driver hit a police car, prompting cops to fire at the car and detaining a suspect. NBC's Kasie Hunt reports. 03/29/17 Duration: 1:22 save Reports of Shots Fired Near the U.S. Capitol info Reports of Shots Fired Near the U.S. Capitol Reporter Kasie Hunt reports that an incident on Capitol Hill MSNBC Live 03/29/17 Duration: 1:51 save House Intel Russia probe paused as... info House Intel Russia probe paused as... Rep. Terri Sewell, D-Ala., is the last Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee to call for Chairman Devin Nunes to recuse himself from the Russia investigation. MSNBC Live 03/29/17 Duration: 5:04 save Politics Jeremy Bash: Our system of checks and... info Jeremy Bash: Our system of checks and... MSNBC's Brian Williams talks to former CIA Chief of Staff Jeremy Bash about exactly what's at stake for our democracy when it comes to learning about Russia's influence in our elections. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/29/17 Duration: 1:31 save Senate Intel. Cmte. leaders promise... info Senate Intel. Cmte. leaders promise... The two leaders of the Senate Intelligence Committee, Sen. Richard Burr (R-NC) & Sen. Mark Warner (D-VA), are promising a thorough Russia investigation. Brian Williams discusses with his panel. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/29/17 Duration: 13:28 save White House denies trying to stop key... info White House denies trying to stop key... The White House calls a report saying it tried to stop fmr. Acting A.G. Sally Yates from testifying about Russia '100% false' as the GOP House Intel. Cmte. chair rejects calls to recuse himself. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/28/17 Duration: 13:35 save Just 67 days in, Pres. Trump's approval... info Just 67 days in, Pres. Trump's approval... Never before has a president hit Trump's new record low approval rating as quickly as Trump has. MSNBC's Brian Williams discusses with NBC News Presidential Historian Michael Beschloss. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/27/17 Duration: 4:43 save Senate Intel. Cmte. to question Trump son... info Senate Intel. Cmte. to question Trump son... On the same day the White House announced yet another role for Trump's son-in-law Jared Kushner, we learned Kushner will face questions in a Senate probe on Russia. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/27/17 Duration: 7:48 save Top House Intel Dem Schiff tells Chairman... info Top House Intel Dem Schiff tells Chairman... After GOP House Intel. Chairman Nunes admitted he went to the White House to view the intelligence he shared with Trump, his Democratic counterpart says Nunes should get off the investigation. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/27/17 Duration: 14:03 save Report: Russians may have used ‘bots’ to... info Report: Russians may have used ‘bots’ to... Ari Melber looks at the federal investigation into alleged collusion between Russian operatives and “far-right” news sites to flood social media with pro-Trump and fake news. MSNBC Live 03/26/17 Duration: 5:30 save House Intel Chair Nunes cancels public... info House Intel Chair Nunes cancels public... As the investigation into Pres. Trump and Russia continues, there's been blowback after Rep. Nunes canceled a public hearing next week. MSNBC's Brian Williams talks to Jeremy Bash. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/24/17 Duration: 5:22 save Candidate Trump pledged to end Obamacare ... info Candidate Trump pledged to end Obamacare ... Speaking after the GOP health care bill fell apart, Pres. Trump said he never pledged to repeal and replace Obamacare early in his administration. But that's just not true. Our panel reacts. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/24/17 Duration: 5:35 save Defiant Trump defends blatant falsehoods... info Defiant Trump defends blatant falsehoods... MSNBC's Brian Williams talks to TIME Magazine Washington Bureau Chief Michael Scherer about his shocking interview with Pres. Trump where Trump didn't back down from past false statements. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/23/17 Duration: 6:42 save Intel. Cmte. Dem on reports of new... info Intel. Cmte. Dem on reports of new... Rep. Jim Himes (D-CT) of the House Intelligence Committee reacts to the news from the committee's top Democrat that there is new evidence of possible collusion between Team Trump & Russia. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/23/17 Duration: 6:43 save Dem Senator: Why was Trump team talking to... info Dem Senator: Why was Trump team talking to... MSNBC's Brian Williams talks to Senate Intelligence Committee member Sen. Martin Heinrich (D-NM) about House GOP Intel. Chair Nunes sharing information with Pres. Trump. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/22/17 Duration: 4:55 save Schiff: More than circumstantial evidence... info Schiff: More than circumstantial evidence... After GOP Intel. Chair Devin Nunes bypassed his committee taking info on intelligence reports to Pres. Trump, the top Democrat on the committee breaks news about evidence of Trump-Russia ties. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/22/17 Duration: 8:24 save Before Trump, Manafort paid to help Putin: AP info Before Trump, Manafort paid to help Putin: AP Jeff Horowitz, reporter for the Associated Press, talks with Rachel Maddow about the AP's scoop that Paul Manafort, before he was Donald Trump's campaign manager, was paid millions by a Russian oligarch to serve the interests of Vladimir Putin in the U.S. The Rachel Maddow Show 03/22/17 Duration: 3:58 save Nunes muddies Trump probe with abrupt claim info Nunes muddies Trump probe with abrupt claim Rachel Maddow explains a confusing pair of press conferences by House Intelligence Committee Chair Devin Nunes, in which Nunes asserted some new evidence in the investigation into whether the Donald Trump campaign coordinated with Russia in the 2016... The Rachel Maddow Show 03/22/17 Duration: 6:22 save Former GOP chairman charged with voter fraud info Former GOP chairman charged with voter fraud Steve Curtis, former Colorado GOP chairman who said last year that only Democrats commit voter fraud, has now been charged with voter fraud. All In with Chris Hayes 03/22/17 Duration: 2:25 save Trump Russia case 'more than circumstantial' info Trump Russia case 'more than circumstantial' Rachel Maddow reports on developments in the investigation into coordination between the Donald Trump campaign in Russia, from a new report on Paul Manafort acting in Russia's interest to a new characterization of the evidence by ranking House... The Rachel Maddow Show 03/22/17 Duration: 21:21 save White House tries to distance Trump from... info White House tries to distance Trump from... MSNBC's Brian Williams looks at the latest questions facing the Trump White House over wiretapping and Russia with Bianna Golodryga, Jeremy Bash, and Charlie Sykes. The 11th Hour with Brian Williams 03/21/17 Duration: 8:29 save FBI probing Russian influence via US websites info FBI probing Russian influence via US websites Greg Gordon, national correspondent for McClatchy News, talks with Rachel Maddow about McClatchy investigative reporting in the FBI looking into the role of pro-Trump U.S. news sites in Russian intrusion in the U.S. The Rachel Maddow Show 03/21/17 Duration: 6:55 save Russia continues info-war tactics in US info Russia continues info-war tactics in US Rachel Maddow looks at the role of Russian bot networks and cyber war tactics during the 2016 U.S. election and notes that those things didn't just go away after the election. The Rachel Maddow Show 03/21/17 Duration: 20:44 save The Trump Equation The Trump Equation: Shock and Awe in a... info The Trump Equation: Shock and Awe in a... Watch part 1 of The Trump Equation with Jacob Soboroff. MSNBC Live 01/24/17 Duration: 7:55 save The Trump Equation: Maybe It Was the Economy info The Trump Equation: Maybe It Was the Economy Watch part 2 of The Trump Equation with Jacob Soboroff. MSNBC Live 01/24/17 Duration: 8:22 save The Trump Equation: Minorities for Trump? info The Trump Equation: Minorities for Trump? Watch part 3 of The Trump Equation with Jacob Soboroff. MSNBC Live 01/24/17 Duration: 6:41 save The Trump Equation: In the Battleground... info The Trump Equation: In the Battleground... Watch part 4 of The Trump Equation with Jacob Soboroff. MSNBC Live 01/24/17 Duration: 10:28 save The Trump Equation: Millennials info The Trump Equation: Millennials Watch part 5 of The Trump Equation with Jacob Soboroff. MSNBC Live 01/24/17 Duration: 4:56 save The Trump Equation: Now What? info The Trump Equation: Now What? Watch part 6 of The Trump Equation with Jacob Soboroff. MSNBC Live 01/24/17 Duration: 6:11 save Morning Joe Mika pays tribute to her best friend Tia info Mika pays tribute to her best friend Tia Mika Brzezinski pays tribute to her best friend Tia Garner, who passed away after battling pancreatic cancer. Morning Joe 03/29/17 Duration: 2:42 save Sanders to Trump: Listen to scientists,... info Sanders to Trump: Listen to scientists,... Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., joins Morning Joe for a wide-ranging discussion on areas of overlap with Trump, why he plans to vote against Gorsuch and why Trump is an embarrassment on climate change. Morning Joe 03/29/17 Duration: 15:02 save 'What is wrong with him?': MJ reacts to... info 'What is wrong with him?': MJ reacts to... Top Talkers: WH Press Secretary Sean Spicer told veteran reporter April Ryan to stop shaking her head during a heated press briefing this week, a claim Ryan refutes. The Morning Joe discusses. Morning Joe 03/29/17 Duration: 10:51 save CEO behind EpiPen on rising drug prices info CEO behind EpiPen on rising drug prices Mylan CEO Heather Bresch discusses the rising cost of prescription drugs and what can be done to lower costs for patients. Morning Joe 03/29/17 Duration: 7:14 save National Review writer on why Nunes should... info National Review writer on why Nunes should... The National Review's David French discusses the growing calls for House Intel Committee Chair, Devin Nunes, to recuse himself from the committee's Russia probe. Philip Bump joins the discussion. Morning Joe 03/29/17 Duration: 11:33 save Former amb. pushes back against proposed cuts info Former amb. pushes back against proposed cuts Fmr. Amb. Nicholas Burns testified to the House Foreign Affairs committee on Trump's proposal to slash funding to the State Department and USAID. Amb. Burns discusses with Morning Joe. Morning Joe 03/29/17 Duration: 8:33 save Trump begins looking to Dems for help;... info Trump begins looking to Dems for help;... The Morning Joe panel discusses if Donald Trump and Chuck Schumer can work together and the impact a no vote on Gorsuch may have for the Democrats. Morning Joe 03/29/17 Duration: 6:44 save GOP to reset repeal negotiations, but... info GOP to reset repeal negotiations, but... Top Talkers: Negotiations to repeal Obamacare are back on the table with Steve Bannon as part of the discussions, according to the latest reporting in the New York Times. Jeremy Peters discusses. Morning Joe 03/29/17 Duration: 11:43 save Ann Romney on finding hope, joy after MS... info Ann Romney on finding hope, joy after MS... Ann Romney discusses overcoming depression and fatigue brought on by MS and how she found hope and happiness. Romney details her struggles in her book 'In This Together.' Morning Joe 03/28/17 Duration: 5:05 save Manchin: I want to protect the 60-vote rule info Manchin: I want to protect the 60-vote rule Sen. Joe Manchin, D-W. Va., says he hopes to avoid the nuclear option when it comes to confirming Neil Gorsuch. Sen. Manchin also discusses Devin Nunes and the future of coal and energy. Morning Joe 03/28/17 Duration: 4:34 save Congressman on why he opposes federal paid... info Congressman on why he opposes federal paid... Rep. Raul Labrador, R-Idaho, discusses health care reform and the issues he had with the GOP health bill as well as why he's opposed to federal paid family leave. Morning Joe 03/28/17 Duration: 8:12 save New book considers the life and legacy of... info New book considers the life and legacy of... Author John Farrell joins Morning Joe to discuss his book 'Richard Nixon: The Life.' Morning Joe 03/28/17 Duration: 8:50 save Nunes cancels meetings committee meetings... info Nunes cancels meetings committee meetings... Rep. Devin Nunes has cancelled all meetings for the House Intel Committee for the week, a source confirms to Morning Joe. Morning Joe 03/28/17 Duration: 0:35 save Intel committee member says he's waiting... info Intel committee member says he's waiting... Rep. Jim Himes, D-Conn., discusses why Devin Nunes must recuse himself from the House Intel's Russia probe. Morning Joe 03/28/17 Duration: 7:36 save We are watching the cover-up to a crime,... info We are watching the cover-up to a crime,... Rep. Eric Swalwell, D-Calif., discusses House Intel Committee Chair, Devin Nunes, and why he must recuse himself from the Russia probe. Swalwell also discusses the need for an independent commission. Morning Joe 03/28/17 Duration: 7:54 save Trump approval craters, but can he recover? info Trump approval craters, but can he recover? Top Talkers: President Trump now stands at 36 percent, according to the latest Gallup poll, a new low for the president. Joe Scarborough and the MJ panel discuss how he might rebound from low scores. Morning Joe 03/28/17 Duration: 8:15 save Calls grow for Nunes to recuse himself... info Calls grow for Nunes to recuse himself... Top Talkers: House Intel Committee, Devin Nunes, is facing more calls to recuse himself from the House Intelligence Committee's Russia probe. The Morning Joe panel discusses. Morning Joe 03/28/17 Duration: 12:06 save Conservative writer says Bannon getting it... info Conservative writer says Bannon getting it... Writer John Podhoretz discusses Steve Bannon's role in the White House and in compelling Republicans to vote for the health care bill. Morning Joe 03/27/17 Duration: 5:41 save Former Freedom Caucus member explains why... info Former Freedom Caucus member explains why... Rep. Ted Poe, R-Texas, discusses why he resigned from the Freedom Caucus and the GOP fight to pass a health care bill. Morning Joe 03/27/17 Duration: 3:07 save Tom Cole: GOP still learning to be a... info Tom Cole: GOP still learning to be a... Rep. Tom Cole and former Obama press secretary Josh Earnest discuss the GOP's failure to pass a health care bill last week and why Rep. Cole says the health bill wasn't a sham as well as a new budget. Morning Joe 03/27/17 Duration: 13:49 save Rachel Maddow Political strains in West serve Putin goals info Political strains in West serve Putin goals Rachel Maddow looks at the role of NATO and the European Union keep Russian power in check and how the weakening of those institutions serve Vladimir Putin's global power strategy. The Rachel Maddow Show 03/29/17 Duration: 19:55 save Schiff: Nunes questions hurt credibility info Schiff: Nunes questions hurt credibility Congressman Adam Schiff, ranking member of the House Intelligence Committee, talks with Rachel Maddow about how recent antics by Chairman Nunes have stalled the committee's progress on the investigation into ties between Russia and the Donald Trump cam... The Rachel Maddow Show 03/29/17 Duration: 6:26 save Schiff presses for public hearing for Yates info Schiff presses for public hearing for Yates Congressman Adam Schiff, ranking member of the House Intelligence Committee, talks with Rachel Maddow about resistance by Chairman Devin Nunes to hear from former acting Attorney General Sally Yates and the priorities of Democrats on the committee. The Rachel Maddow Show 03/29/17 Duration: 3:40 save Trump talk provokes NATO self-reckoning info Trump talk provokes NATO self-reckoning Anders Fogh Rasmussen, former NATO secretary general, talks with Rachel Maddow about Vladimir Putin's desire for the destruction of NATO and concerns about Donald Trump's commitment to the organization. The Rachel Maddow Show 03/29/17 Duration: 8:38 save Trump White House a poor source for facts info Trump White House a poor source for facts Rachel Maddow looks at the facility with which the Donald Trump White House lied about their desire to produce a military spectacle as part of the inauguration ceremony, and notes the lesson that Trump's White House is not a useful source for factual... The Rachel Maddow Show 03/28/17 Duration: 12:40 save Fired US attorney at nexus of Trump scandals info Fired US attorney at nexus of Trump scandals Rachel Maddow reports on the number of investigations tied to Donald Trump that were being conducted through the office of Preet Bharara before the Trump administration fired him as U.S. attorney. The Rachel Maddow Show 03/28/17 Duration: 14:16 save Trump aide's real estate deals raise alarm info Trump aide's real estate deals raise alarm Rachel Maddow reports on how a pattern of real estate spending and borrowing by former Donald Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort follows a pattern experts say is used in laundering money. The Rachel Maddow Show 03/28/17 Duration: 4:39 save Trump aide's money trail runs through Cyprus info Trump aide's money trail runs through Cyprus Richard Engel, NBC News chief foreign correspondent, talks with Rachel Maddow about the investigations into former Donald Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort's use of Cyprus bank accounts to process large amounts of money. The Rachel Maddow Show 03/28/17 Duration: 5:56 save Cyprus helping US in Manafort finances probe info Cyprus helping US in Manafort finances probe Richard Engel, NBC News chief foreign correspondent, talks with Rachel Maddow about how Cyprus is trying to shed its reputation as a place for laundering dirty Russian money and is helping the U.S. in its investigation of former Donald Trump campaign m... The Rachel Maddow Show 03/28/17 Duration: 3:09 save Embattled Nunes paralyzes House Intel Cmte info Embattled Nunes paralyzes House Intel Cmte Congressman Jim Himes, a member of the House Intelligence Committee, talks with Rachel Maddow about how Committee Chairman Devin Nunes has not kept the committee updated on intelligence he talked with the media and White House about, and has postponed... The Rachel Maddow Show 03/27/17 Duration: 11:35 save Trump son-in-law sought for Russia questions info Trump son-in-law sought for Russia questions Rachel Maddow reports on the background of the former Russian spy-turned-bank-official who met with Donald Trump's son-in-law Jared Kushner, and notes the remarkable number of significant tasks Trump has assigned to Kusher. The Rachel Maddow Show 03/27/17 Duration: 17:09 save Icahn, as Trump advisor, aims to help himself info Icahn, as Trump advisor, aims to help himself Rachel Maddow notes that Carl Icahn, appointed by Donald Trump to the unaccountable position of "special advisor," is advocating for a regulation rule change that would benefit his bottom line by hundreds of millions of dollars. The Rachel Maddow Show 03/27/17 Duration: 3:27 save A dire period of scandal for Trump in turmoil info A dire period of scandal for Trump in turmoil Rachel Maddow reviews the latest developments in the litany of investigations into the Donald Trump campaign while Trump's political agenda continues to fail. The Rachel Maddow Show 03/24/17 Duration: 22:47 save Schumer: 'Art of the Deal is out the window' info Schumer: 'Art of the Deal is out the window' Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer talks with Rachel Maddow about the failure by Donald Trump and Republicans to dismantle the Affordable Care Act, and the power of the grassroots effort to thwart Trump. The Rachel Maddow Show 03/24/17 Duration: 7:12 save Schumer to Ryan: Consider replacing Nunes info Schumer to Ryan: Consider replacing Nunes Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer talks with Rachel Maddow about the investigations into the Donald Trump campaign's possible collaboration with Russia and whether Rep. Nunes can chair an objective investigation as House Intelligence Committee... The Rachel Maddow Show 03/24/17 Duration: 2:22 save Schumer on Gorsuch: Wrong time, wrong nominee info Schumer on Gorsuch: Wrong time, wrong nominee Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer talks with Rachel Maddow about why Senate Democrats should oppose Neil Gorsuch for the Supreme Court, and why the confirmation should be postponed until investigations of Donald Trump are resolved. The Rachel Maddow Show 03/24/17 Duration: 3:47 save Nationwide resistance hurt GOP anti-ACA plan info Nationwide resistance hurt GOP anti-ACA plan Rachel Maddow looks at how massive, nationwide protest and resistance attached human stories to the consequences of repealing Obamacare and made the Republican legislative plan much more difficult. The Rachel Maddow Show 03/23/17 Duration: 12:50 save Sanders: Trump broke working people promise info Sanders: Trump broke working people promise Senator Bernie Sanders talks with Rachel Maddow about how the dismantling of the Affordable Care Act and other Donald Trump Republican agenda items will hurt working class Americans. The Rachel Maddow Show 03/23/17 Duration: 9:12 save Sanders: Gorsuch answers not satisfactory info Sanders: Gorsuch answers not satisfactory Senator Bernie Sanders talks with Rachel Maddow about why he will oppose the confirmation Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court. The Rachel Maddow Show 03/23/17 Duration: 1:55 save Russia's dark dealings a split screen scandal info Russia's dark dealings a split screen scandal Rachel Maddow reports on the assassination of a critic of Vladimir Putin, the latest in a long chain of such attacks, and also reports on the latest developments in the Russian scandal in the U.S. The Rachel Maddow Show 03/23/17 Duration: 15:30 save close facebook twitter google plus tumblr instagram rss Home Help Terms of Service Independent Programming Report Closed Captioning Privacy Policy Newsletters MSNBC Store MSNBC Info Blog Careers AdChoices NBCNews.com Today.com CNBC.com BreakingNews.com © NBC UNIVERSAL
M³ CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Encryp-xit: Europe will go all in for crypto backdoors in June How about a nice game of ... Tetris? Oxford eggheads slow PTSD onset with classic game How to leak data from an air-gapped PC – using, er, a humble scanner Samizdat no more: Old Unix source code opened for study Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Chinese giant ZTE slips off US export sh*tlist – and it only cost $900m SimpliVity customers spurned by HPE welcomed into loving arms of Nutanix VMware, Citrix to have a crack at desktops on docked smartphones Inside Intel's Optanical garden Samizdat no more: Old Unix source code opened for study Web-app devs note: Google wants to banish JavaScript dialogues Windows 10 Creators Update: Clearing the mines with livestock (that's you by the way) Microsoft beefs up Skype for Business as Amazon Chimes in Encryp-xit: Europe will go all in for crypto backdoors in June How to leak data from an air-gapped PC – using, er, a humble scanner Kremlin-backed APT28 doesn't even bother hiding its attacks, says Finnish secret police Hey FCC, when you're not busy screwing our privacy, how about those SS7 cell network security flaws, huh? The 'data driven enterprise' is actually just the enterprise Converged systems market is so hot it just went backwards Defence in Depth: A 'layered' strategy can repel cold attackers Surprise! Thanks to the cloud, you've got a hybrid infrastructure DevOps hype? Sometimes a pizza really is just a pizza DevOps brings your teams to delivery faster and with better quality CoreOS Tectonic shift: Now you can run it on Azure and OpenStack Carnegie-Mellon Uni emits 'don't be stupid' list for C++ developers Policy The Channel Russian mega-telco exec: 'No business case' for 5G nbn™ to offer 100Mbps fixed wireless service Don't believe the hype: UK's £455m Government Digital Service lacks a clear role – fresh audit Silicon Valley staffing agency boss charged with H‑1B visa fraud Florida Man can't pause cycle on Samsung 'exploding' washing machine lawsuit Samsung Galaxy S8: Slimmer bezels, a desktop mode – and yet another me-too AI pal Hertfordshire primary school girls prepare for World Robotics Champs One in five mobile phones shipped abroad are phoney – report SPB Geek's Guide How about a nice game of ... Tetris? Oxford eggheads slow PTSD onset with classic game ESA picks final two ExoMars landing site candidates Astroboffins clock thriving stellar nursery nestled in violent supermassive black hole Boffins name 12 new types of cloud in first Cloud Atlas since 1986 Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Learn to use machine learning Speaking in Tech: Elon Musk and the AI apocalypse What a time to be alive: drone pooper-scoopers are a thing now Boffins give 'D.TRUMP' an AI injection Verity Stob Pirate of the Caribbean to play Hacker of the Caribbean Nuns left in limbo after phone line transfer hell Miss Misery on hacking Mr Robot and the Missing Sense of Fun Disney plotting 15 more years of Star Wars More like this Mcafee Belize Bootnotes Pirate of the Caribbean to play Hacker of the Caribbean Johnny Depp to play John McAfee in biopic depicting A-V man as Colonel Kurtz 29 Mar 2017 at 02:04, Richard Chirgwin POLL Nobody's confirmed anything except Big Mac himself, but John McAfee reckons he's going to be played by Captain Jack Sparrow himself, Johnny Depp. Considering that Depp works better playing someone running away, El Reg finds it credible that if there is a McAfee biopic in the works, its timeline will at least feature his notorious escapades in Belize. However, it would also be criminal to omit the gun-toting totally-sane Intel-did-a-KFC-job-on-my-name anti-virus tycoon's run at US president, in which he was pipped at the post by … well, everybody. McAfee's Tweet is so far the only suggestion that the rumour's true: https://t.co/bftgoWhFgZ — John McAfee (@officialmcafee) March 28, 2017 The report apparently originates with popup-laden Deadline, which says the plot includes taking a Wired journalist on a “darkly comic Apocalypse Now-like tour at his Belize compound, a trip filled with paranoia, machine guns, sex and murder” If it's not Depp, there have to be plenty of other candidates, so here's a challenge to commenters: who else could play McAfee, the man? Choose an option from our poll, or hit the Comments. ® JavaScript Disabled Please Enable JavaScript to use this feature. Tips and corrections 29 Comments More from The Register Judge allows plan for Intel to reanimate McAfee. The brand, we mean Apparently survived YouTube shooting 17 Comments McAfee's back! Intel flogs security software biz, pockets $3.1bn Chipzilla wing loses $3.5bn in six years – almost as fast as John McAfee in a strip club 10 Comments McAfee-the-man wants McAfee-the-brand, Chipzilla says no Sueballs loaded; take ten paces, turn and fire 24 Comments Flaws found in security products from AVG, Symantec and McAfee Updated Patch frenzy imminent, say researchers, thanks to bad use of code hooking 13 Comments P0wnographer finds remote code exec bug in McAfee enterprise This one ticks all the boxes: Runs as root ✔ Claims security ✔ Unpopular product with few updates ✔ 11 Comments Intel touts bug bounties to hardware hackers Website and Intel Security (McAfee) products excluded from 'Wild West' payouts scheme 2 Comments Whitepapers Cox Automotive turbocharges customer experience Cox Automotive brands and businesses—including Manheim, autotrader, Kelley Blue Book, vAuto, and others are transforming the way the world buys, sells, and owns cars. Customer Communication Management in the Cloud In 2016, the world of customer communications management (CCM), one of the core operational areas for enterprises in the financial sector. Supermicro MicroBlade Powers One of the World’s Most Energy Efficient Data Centers A Fortune 100 Company has deployed over 30,000 Supermicro MicroBlade disaggregated Intel Xeon Technology as a catalyst for cultural change IT departments can do a lot to improve performance by optimising the infrastructure and the way they work internally Most read Oracle doing due diligence on Accenture. Yep, you read that right Your internet history on sale to highest bidder: US Congress votes to shred ISP privacy rules So my ISP can now sell my browsing history – what can I do? UK's 'homebrew firmware' Chinooks set to be usable a mere 16 years late I need an ISP that offers IPv6. Virgin Media: Whatevs, nerd Spotlight Miss Misery on hacking Mr Robot and the Missing Sense of Fun The future of Not Reality is a strap-on that talks to my smarting ring A webcam is not so much a leering eye as the barrel of a gun Welcome to my world of The Unexplained – yes, you're welcome to it Would you like to know why I get a lot of action at night? 2017 is already fail: Let’s try a Chinese reboot Seven pet h8s: Verity is sorely vexed My hole is a private thing – see for yourself Sponsored links Get The Register's Headlines in your inbox daily - quick signup! New from Avere - Cloud-Enabled Data Center for Dummies. Download now About us Who we are Contact us Advertise with us More content Under the hood Week’s headlines Top 20 stories Whitepapers Situation Publishing The Next Platform Continuous Lifecycle London M-cubed Webinars The Register - Independent news, views and opinion for the tech sector. Part of Situation Publishing Sign up to our Newsletters Join our daily or weekly newsletters, subscribe to a specific section or set News alerts Subscribe Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Cookies Privacy Ts&Cs
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out10:03 GMT +330 March 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search How Kushner's Testimony Can 'Decrease Hysteria' About Trump's 'Ties' With Russia © REUTERS/ Jonathan Ernst/Files US 21:11 29.03.2017Get short URL 256971 President Donald Trump's son-in-law Jared Kushner, now serving as a senior adviser in the Trump administration, said he was ready to answer any questions the US Senate has about his "contacts with Russia." Political expert and associate professor at St. Petersburg State University Grigory Yarygin told Radio Sputnik that Kushner's testimony could gradually "decrease the hysteria" surrounding the alleged secret ties between the Trump administration and Moscow. According to the expert, Kushner has strong positions and his testimony can play into the hands of Donald Trump. "Any contacts can be interpreted in various ways. Since Kushner does not hide anything and is ready to answer the questions of the Senate Committee, I think he has strong positions. Most likely he has nothing to hide and will answer the questions in as much a detailed way as possible in order to disperse any insinuations and possible interpretations of his meetings in political, rather than economic terms. He has repeatedly stressed that all his meetings were business-oriented," Yarygin said. © AP Photo/ Drew Angerer / GETTY IMAGES NORTH AMERICA Flynn, Kushner Meeting With Russian Envoy Introductory 'Courtesy' - White HouseEarlier, The New York Times reported that Kishner had contacts with Russia's state development bank Vnesheconombank (VEB) during the 2016 presidential election campaign. The media did not specify what topics had been discussed in the meetings. However, the newspaper noted that US senators were concerned over Kushner's contacts with Russian officials, including VEB chief Sergey Gorkov. Moreover, The New York Times reported that Kushner participated in former national security adviser Michael Flynn's conversations with Russian Ambassador Sergei Kislyak during the 2016 presidential transition. The White House called the talks "a courtesy" meeting. "I think he [Kushner] will say that he and Trump have always focused on a business approach, most likely he will talk about the continuity of his actions and… say that the Trump clan has a pragmatic approach toward doing business, including in politics. And this can strengthen Trump's position and gradually remove the degree of hysteria that is associated with the Trump administration's contacts with representatives of other countries," the expert concluded. © AP Photo/ Pablo Martinez Monsivais US House Intel Committee Continues Investigation Into Trump-Russia Ties - NunesEarlier this week, the VEB press service said that meetings between the company's leadership and representatives of US banks and business circles in 2016 took place in a road show format and the sides discussed the VEB development strategy. According to the press service, the VEB leadership held numerous meetings in 2016 with representatives of leading international financial institutions to discuss issues related to the banking sector. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 71 Related: Trump 'Takes Advantageous Position,' Accuses Hillary Clinton of Russia Ties Trump Trying to Shut Down Russia Probe in House Intel Committee - US Lawmaker Tags: testimony, Jared Kushner, Donald Trump, Russia, United States TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Reply cast235 21:41 29.03.2017 | 0 | Edit | Delete Washington is CALLING ITSELF IMPORTANCE.. OH THE RUSSIANS!!! Ans Russia is ALL day talking. I would ignore them. What they will do? Oh Sanctions. And Russia should sanctions BACK and HARD. End trade IF need be. Reply Walter Wolf 21:58 29.03.2017 | 0 | Edit | Delete Trump is not just unable to improve relationships with Russia, he cannot even protect himself from accusations in former contacts with Russians. Isn't funny?Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 10:02Denmark Reluctant to Recompense EU for UK's Departure 09:42China to Conduct Maiden Flight of World's Largest Amphibious Aircraft in May 09:33UN Secretary-General Appoints Japan’s Nakamitsu as UN New Disarmament Head 09:24Russian Armed Forces to Conscript 142,000 People in April-July 2017 09:15Trump's Son-in-Law's Meetings With Russian Officials Set Sanctions' Issue AsideAll news US Air Force F-22 Jets Now Armed With New Sidewinder Missiles 8362 US Radars Cover Almost All Russian Territory - Russian MoD 7583 War in This Mideast Country is 'Becoming a PR Disaster for Saudi Arabia, US' 7356 Syrian Army Discovers Secret Daesh Weapons Caches in Aleppo 6193 Russia ‘Hack’ of US Elections an ‘Act of War’ — Dick Cheney 5311All news Russia ‘Hack’ of US Elections an ‘Act of War’ — Dick Cheney 53 Washington's Greater Middle East Project 'Aims at Creating Kurdish State' 39 Australia Could Be in Danger of DPRK Nuke Strike, US Korean Forces Warns 38 Double Standards: Americans Seek Raqqa Liberation to Split Syria? 34 US Radars Cover Almost All Russian Territory - Russian MoD 32All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Oaks and Pines With a History: European Tree of the Year 2017 Crocodile Tears Death From the Sky: The US Air Force's Mistaken Airstrikes News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Huawei Desktop PCs Internet Laptops Monitors PC Components Peripherals More Printers Routers & Networking Software Trending: Nintendo Switch Nokia 3310 iPhone 7 Galaxy S8 LG G6 iPhone 8 Home / News / Software News / Windows 10 Creators Update release date revealed – but you can download it today Windows 10 Creators Update release date revealed – but you can download it today by Michael Passingham 18 hours ago 0 shares Read Comments Windows 10 Creators update release date and features: Microsoft has announced when it will start rolling out the Windows 10 Creators Update. We have everything you need to know, plus the features to look out for when it’s your turn to download. Windows 10 Creators Update at a glance: Windows 10 Creators Update release date: April 11th Device compatibility: All Windows 10 devices (Ink features for Ink-enabled devices only) Key features: Paint 3D, Ink enhancements, new Edge features When can I get the Creators Update? Microsoft has announced today that the Creators Update will begin rolling out on April 11th. But because 400 million PCs run Windows 10, the update will be staggered so you’ll be in the minority if you get it on day one. The company has stated that anyone who wants to download and install the update manually may do so, and will be providing a download for the new version on the Microsoft website. When that link is live we’ll update this piece with more information. You can also get a preview of some of the new features by opting into the Windows Insider Program, and you can find out more about that below. Related: Best laptops to buy Do I need the Creators Update? It's a mandatory update, so like it or not you'll get it. It doesn't make anything about Windows 10 worse (as far as we can see), so even if you don't like the big new features, under-the-hood security enhancements will make your life easier. At Trusted Towers, we're not hugely enthralled by the update; there's not a huge amount here that will change the way many of us work. Those who fancy dabbling in a bit of 3D work or fancy streaming their games for free in a couple of clicks will be happy, but everyone else will probably carry on as normal. The fact this update has a big, fancy name doesn't really hide the fact that it won't revolutionise Windows 10 in any way. How to download Windows 10 Creators Update Early builds of the Windows 10 Creators Update will be available to all members of the Windows Insider Program. To try the beta, you’ll first need to sign up to become a Windows Insider: Sign up for Windows Insider Program Then, make sure you already have the Windows 10 Anniversary Update. If you’re not sure, download the Update Assistant here: Download Microsoft’s Update Assistant Once that’s done, go to Settings > Update & Security > Windows Insider Program, and then select Get Started. Follow the on-screen prompts to update your PC. You’ll then be able to select your Insider level. If you want the new Paint 3D Preview, for instance, then you’ll need to select either the Fast or Slow ring: Slow ring: (Most people!) If you are not a PC expert, but want to check out new features like the Paint 3D Preview Fast ring: (PC experts!) If you like to be on the cutting edge, this is the right ring for you. The Fast ring is for the more advanced people who are comfortable dealing with software bugs Microsoft will then put you through a Compatibility check – in terms of specs, you’ll need a PC with 2GB of RAM and either 20GB (for 64-bit) or 16GB (for 32-bit) of storage. Finally, you’ll be able to install the build, although you may need to wait 24 hours for a new build to appear. If you want the Paint 3D Preview, you can download it from the Windows Store once you’ve got the latest build (Build 14901 or higher will do). Until April 11th, though, consider the update to be incomplete and potentially buggy. Not all the features will work as intended for your device, and Microsoft will only be officially rolling out the update once it is fairly certain the update won't completely break your machine. Top 6 features Paint 3D In its effort to make Windows 10 the operating system of choice for fans of 3D content and children, Microsoft has developed Paint 3D, which is a brand-new, pre-installed application that lets you make basic 3D scenes. It’s an interesting move, with Microsoft seemingly trying to kickstart a market that doesn’t have a huge amount of scale right now. The app itself is impressively simple and behaves almost identically to a 2D imaging app, with some extra features to let you rotate objects and move them backwards and forwards in 3D space. You can create scenes from nothing or start with one of your own images and convert it into 3D using a clever magic wand tool that pulls notable objects, such as people, into separate layers that you can move back and forth. Don’t have the skills to make your own 3D objects? You’ll be able to download new content from the Remix 3D content store, which is built into Paint 3D. Simply search for the sort of object you’re looking for and slap it straight into your new 3D scene. When you’re done, you can convert it into a 2D image, or export it as a 3D object that can be opened in other 3D programs. You can also 3D print your creations the 3D printer you almost certainly don’t own, or send it off to a 3D printing service to have it mailed to you. This could be fun for creating 3D greetings cards, although a little more expensive than just grabbing an old-world, 2D card from your local Paperchase. You can download a preview of Paint 3D here. Game Mode Game Mode sounds like the sort of feature rubbish antivirus packages use to make you think they’re not completely destroying your computer’s performance. But Microsoft insists it will actually help you get more consistent performance when you’re playing games, which will probably be helpful on mid-spec PCs and laptops being pushed to their limits by the latest games. The feature is said to prioritise gaming tasks above all else, with background tasks and other programs getting lower priority. This new feature hasn’t been fully detailed, and Microsoft says the performance gains will vary by device and usage, so hasn’t put a number on it. The Game Bar, accessed by hitting Windows+G now lets you stream through the Beam streaming platform. This isn’t YouTube or Twitch, but Beam’s apparent killer feature is its low-latency streaming, which means viewers see the action a second after it happens on the streamer’s PC. This means the audience can interact in a more instantaneous way, which is good for some games where the streamer might want the audience to be able to make a big choice. Edge updates Microsoft has improved how the Edge web browser handles tabs. Instead of just opening loads of tabs and windows, you can now just park the set of tabs you currently have open and return to them later. That means, for example, if you’re about to take a lunch break and want do do some online shopping, you can park your work-related tabs and come back to them when you’re done. The buttons for this can be found on the top-left of the Edge window, with the rightmost button parking the tabs, and the left button allowing you to see all the tabs you’ve parked recently. Related: Best web browsers tested We don’t think this feature alone will see Edge bouncing up our Best Browser rankings, but it’s a handy feature nonetheless. Edge has also received tab thumbnails, which let you preview a tab's contents without clicking on it. Other additional features include the ability to play Netflix in 4K, if your computer has a 4K screen and an Intel Kaby lake processor. Night Light Fed of of bright blue light ruining your sleep? Windows 10 will now give you the option to switch on a blue light reduction mode that can be activated at scheduled times. This means you’ll be able to set your PC to tone down the harsh vibes after the sun sets to prevent your body from being fooled by the blue light of modern LCD screens. Photos and video updates Your photos are now searchable by time, date, location, people and objects. This is similar to how Microsoft’s OneDrive automatically tags images with objects it thinks it sees, and brings the same functionality over to the pictures stored on your device. The Movies & TV app now supports picture-in-picture mode, which means you can have a small video playing on top of any other window. The app also now supports 360 videos natively. Ink updates You can now draw directly onto photos and videos using Windows Ink. In addition, you can now draw directly onto 3D maps in the Maps app, which is an enhancement over the Anniversary Update, which just let you draw onto 2D maps. Draw onto the map and the app will create you a route based on your drawings, which is fairly cool. Fewer naggy updates and random restarts This will please a lot of people. Microsoft has now made it possible to snooze an update for several days days, meaning you won't get any more unexpected restarts when you walked away from your PC for a few minutes. That's not to say you can just ignore them forever; you still need to be aware of when your PC will eventually restart, but it's a big piece of progress for an operating system that's had real problems with randomly restarting. You can also set specific 'active hours' at which point your device will never reboot. This means you won't be interrupted at all during the working day, for example. 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 March 2017 by satprnews satprnews Smartphone 3D Camera Market Progresses for Huge Profits During 2016 – 2022 The demand for easy and reliable generation of 3D models of real objects and environment has witnessed traction in the recent past. 3D cameras are essential for capturing and displaying a 3D scene of the objects in an environment. With the growing adoption of smartphones across the world, 3D camera is expected to become an essential feature of smartphones. Modern smartphones offer improved interactive features and have now open up new possibilities for 3D modeling. A sample of this report is available upon request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/9179 Technologies Used in Smart Phone 3D Cameras Stereoscopy Time-of-Flight Currently, most of the smartphones 3D cameras are designed on the basis of stereoscopic technology. Stereoscopic camera technology offers reliability, high quality of pictures, and precision while capturing 3D image of any object, hence, most of smartphone 3D camera vendors are deploying this technology to design 3D cameras for smartphones.    Thus, it is one of the major driving factor for the growth of smartphone 3D camera market. Moreover, entertainment and media industry is witnessing intense surge in the 3D content High end smartphones from the leading manufactures integrate innovative camera with high resolution equivalent to hand handled cameras. In addition to this, smart phones are integrated with 3D sensors that can sense movements and enable smartphone user to capture precise dimensions of environment and objects. Because of these enticing features, smartphones are gaining popularity in the young generation which in turn contributing to the growth of market. However, factors such as high cost of smartphones integrated with 3D camera and compatibility issues are currently restricting the growth of the market. Segmentation of smartphone 3D camera market on the basis of resolution: Below 8 MP Smartphone 3D Camera 8-16 MP Smartphone 3D Cameras Above 16 MP Smartphone 3D Cameras In the above mentioned market segments, most of the smartphone vendors offer 3D cameras in the range of 8-16 MP, hence this segments holds the largest market potential.  Asia-Pacific region presents largest market opportunity for smartphone 3D camera market. The growing usage of smartphones and increase in purchasing power of consumers is driving the growth of the market. In countries such as China and India, there are more than 800 million smartphone users, according to World Bank. Apart from this, most of the smart phone vendors manufacture their smartphones in countries such as China, Japan, and Taiwan. In North America region, smartphone 3D cameras have won widespread acceptance for both personal and business use. Increasing crave of viewing the external object and environment in 3 dimensional view through smartphones is contributing to the growth of the market. Increasing awareness of 3D camera enabled smartphones and growing consumer spending power is contributing to the growth of the market in the Latin America and Middle East and Africa regions. To view TOC of this report is available upon request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/9179 LG Electronics, Intel Corporation, Sony Corporation, Panasonic Corporation, and Samsung Electronics are key players of global smartphone 3D camera market. About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Contact Us Persistence Market Research 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com Web: http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com CategoriesUncategorized Tags3D, Business, Camera Market, capture, Companies, Entertainment, Environment, Global 1, Global Smartphone 3D Camera Market, Google News, Industry, intelligence, major, Market Growth, Market Shares, Market size, Market Trends, Markets, satPRnews, Smartphone, Smartphone 3D Camera, Smartphone 3D Camera Market, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Notice of AGM (Replacement) Next PostNext DLP Projector Market to Witness Exponential Growth by 2022 Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 March 2017 by Military News Intelligent Platform Management Interface (IPMI) Market: Global Trends, Analysis and Forecast 2026 Intelligent Platform Management Interface (IPMI) is a standard message-based hardware management interface which consists a hardware chip which implements the core of IPMI. IPMI defines a specific way for embedded management subsystems to communicate with CPU’s, embedded management sub-subsystems and Remote management applications (with the help of serial lines, LANs, etc.). IPMI management consists of various subsystems are embedded such as BMCs (baseboard management controllers), EMCs (enclosure management controllers through the application of the IPMB standard) and PMCs (peripheral management controllers through ICMB). Baseboard Management Controller (BMC) or Management Controller (MC) is the hardware chip which is used to upfront the IPMI and helps in controlling the server. Primary features of IPMI includes monitors system (temperatures, fans, voltages, power supplies, system physical security, bus errors, etc.), Recovery Control (Recover or Restart the server), Logging and Inventory which are provided independently from CPU, BIOS and Operating System. IPMI out-of-band operation allows the system to operate, even when hosts in-band communication is not functioning. IPMI enable systems to be interoperable, extensible, and scalable. IPMI is finding high usage in various sectors and new geographical areas which are driving the market. Because of its vast usage and secure climate IPMI market will witness an escalating demand globally. IPMI: Market Dynamics IPMI facilitates processor independent monitoring which is driving the market. IPMI is a standard that shapes a consistent hardware and software framework. Also, IPMI implementations reduce development time by handling standard failures. Because of the significant features, IPMI has found applications in various vertical such as banking, healthcare, retail, financial services, aviation, insurance, IT, Manufacturing, Telecom, education, research, public sector and many more. Industries such as retail, aviation, IT and telecom requires specialized IPMI systems because a single breakdown in hardware can kill the sales for that period. Industries such as retail, aviation, IT and telecom need dedicated IPMI systems because a single failure in hardware can kill the sales for that period. Many industry vertical deals with a large workforce, diverse customer profiles and assets in different locations. In the current scenario, the economic and financial sector development has supported the automation and expansion of IT structure, which changed the operating environment of these industries forever and played a significant role in shaping and strengthening economies of developing countries such as India and China. Request Report Sample@ www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-2458 However, IPMI comes along with many restraints. IPMI might give total control in the hands of a remote attacker who can get complete control over a vulnerable operating system. IPMI firmware also contains many security flaws such as buffer overflow vulnerabilities, shell injection, and privilege escalation vulnerabilities. Some of the IPMI have poorly written shell scripts, bad architecture, and terrible security design. The high price is also a major restraint for the market as it restricts companies looking for IPMI for their network of computers because of the budget. IPMI market has an opportunity towards the advancements in the retail sector since it requires a large number of systems running continuously 24/7. Also, IPMI can foresee a substantial market growth in China and Japan because of advancement in the telecommunication sector in these regions. IPMI: Market Segmentation IPMI market can be segmented on the basis of component Type, which include: Hardware Baseboard Management Controllers (BMCs) Sensors & Controls Memory Devices Others Software IPMI market can be segmented on the basis of Application, which include: Server Blade Server Rack Server Tower Server Storage Devices Telecommunication Equipment Visit For TOC@ www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-2458 IPMI market can be segmented on the basis of End Users, which include: Banking Healthcare Retail Financial Services Aviation Insurance IT Manufacturing Telecom Education Research Public Sector Others IPMI: Segment Outlook IPMI market can be segmented on the basis of types which include Hardware (Baseboard Management Controllers (BMCs), Sensors & Controls, Memory Devices, and Others) and Software. IPMI market can be segmented on the basis of applications which include Server (Blade Server, Rack Server, and Tower Server), Storage Devices and Telecommunication Equipment. IPMI market can also be segmented on the basis of end-user which includes banking, healthcare, retail, financial services, aviation, insurance, IT, manufacturing, telecom, education, research, public sector and others IPMI: Regional Outlook Regional coverage for IPMI market includes North America, Latin America, Eastern Europe, Western Europe, Asia Pacific Excluding Japan (APEJ), Middle East and Africa (MEA) and Japan. IPMI market will witnesses a high demand in APEJ because of the significant growth in telecommunication industry of Japan and China. China will foresee a rise in telecom customers because of expanding the population. Also, mobility penetration is also increasing in APEJ countries which will further drive the demand of IPMI market. IPMI: Market Players The market players in IPMI market are Intel, Dell, Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE) Company, NEC Corporation, Cisco, ARM Holdings PLC, Microsoft Corporation, Emerson Electric Company, Softlayer Technologies, Inc. and many more. ABOUT US: Future Market Insights (FMI) is a leading market intelligence and consulting firm. We deliver syndicated research reports, custom research reports and consulting services, which are personalized in nature. FMI delivers a complete packaged solution, which combines current market intelligence, statistical anecdotes, technology inputs, valuable growth insights, an aerial view of the competitive framework, and future market trends. CONTACT: 616 Corporate Way, Suite 2-9018, Valley Cottage, NY 10989, United States T: +1-347-918-3531 F: +1-845-579-5705 Email: sales@futuremarketinsights.com Press: press@futuremarketinsights.com Website: www.futuremarketinsights.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAdvertising, Media Consulting, Marketing Research, Companies, company, Education, Environment, Industry, intelligence, kill, major, Markets, shell, Technology Post navigation Previous PostPrevious IHE XDS.B Market : Key Growth Factors and Industry Analysis 2016-2026 Next PostNext Feed Mycotoxin Detoxifiers Market with Current Trends Analysis, 2017-2027 Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 March 2017 by Military News Cellular IoT Market Expected to Expand at a Steady CAGR through 2027 In this ever changing technological world, more and more devices are getting contacted together and building internet of things (IoT) architecture across the world. In fact, all the internet devices will be connected in future. IoT is a key facilitator of this possibility by delivering machine-to-machine and machine-to-person communication on a huge scale. FMI predicts that there will more than 30 billion connected devices by year 2024. Large segment of these devices will be connected through LAN, Wi-Fi, and other short range radio wave technologies while some portion of these devices will be connected through wireless area networks (WAN) that are primarily facilitated by cellular networks. As in entire IoT landscape, connectivity plays a significant role, that’s why cellular operators are in excellent position to have a slice of big pie by adding value in IoT market. The size of this slice of pie depends on the different role operator’s play in the eco-system of IoT. Different monetization models operator can look for are network providers, end-to-end solution providers, system integrator, etc. Request Report Sample@ www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-3067 Cellular IoT Market: Drivers and Challenges Because of machine-to-machine communication and machine-to-person communication, humongous amount of data will be generated. For the proper functioning of IoT network, there is a need of data storage, data interpretation, and data transfer in real time at minimal cost and cellular networks are fulfilling this particular need of the market. Cellular technologies such as GSM, WCDMA, LTE, and future 5G have evolved with new functionality and new radio access technology narrowband IoT tailored to from an attractive solution for emerging low power wide area (LPWA) applications. Despite the huge cellular network across the world, still quality of service and connectivity remains an issue in IoT market. Deep indoor connectivity is a requirement for many application in utility area. Furthermore, regional coverage is a prerequisite for many use cases, especially within the transport area. Cellular IoTMarket: Segmentation Segmentation on the basis of cellular technologies: GSM WCDMA LTE 5G Segmentation on the basis of vertical: BFSI IT and Telecommunications Healthcare Retail Energy and Utilities Transportation Others Visit For TOC@ www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-3067 Cellular IoTMarket: Key Players Few of the companies in cellular IoT market are: Qualcomm Incorporated, Sierra Wireless, Gemalto NV, Telit Communication PLC, U-Blox Holding AG, Texas Instruments, Intel, and ZTE Corporation. ABOUT US: Future Market Insights (FMI) is a leading market intelligence and consulting firm. We deliver syndicated research reports, custom research reports and consulting services, which are personalized in nature. FMI delivers a complete packaged solution, which combines current market intelligence, statistical anecdotes, technology inputs, valuable growth insights, an aerial view of the competitive framework, and future market trends. CONTACT: 616 Corporate Way, Suite 2-9018, Valley Cottage, NY 10989, United States T: +1-347-918-3531 F: +1-845-579-5705 Email: sales@futuremarketinsights.com Press: press@futuremarketinsights.com Website: www.futuremarketinsights.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAdvertising, Media Consulting, Marketing Research, Companies, intelligence, Internet, Markets, service, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Research Offers 10-Year Forecast on Smart Water Management Market Next PostNext Global Travel Vaccines Market Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर्स्टपोस्ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Biztech Startup Gaming Auto News Videos most commented Coolpad Cool 1 review: This is the Le 2 in a new body which offers nothing compelling By Kunal Khullar 9   Comments Airtel now offers 1GB daily data and free calls at Rs 345 a month By tech2 News Staff 3   Comments Airtel Surprise offer for postpaid users gives 30GB free 4G data via the MyAirtel app By tech2 News Staff 2   Comments Fastrack launches ‘Fastrack Reflex’, a wearable aimed at youth for Rs 1,995 By tech2 News Staff 1   Comments Nokia C1 renders and specifications leak: Expect a Snapdragon 830, 4GB RAM and dual-cameras By tech2 News Staff 1   Comments more from #Samsung With the Galaxy S8/S8+, Samsung hopes to win back trust which was lost post the Note 7 fiasco Samsung Galaxy S8: On the fence? Here are 8 arguments to convince you to pick one up today Samsung Galaxy S8: Five changes loyal fans will need to get used to Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Is the Samsung Galaxy S8 powered by the most powerful mobile platform in the world? Let’s find out By Anirudh Regidi /  29 Mar 2017 , 14:16 #Samsung Partial credit: iFixit With the launch of the Samsung Galaxy S8 imminent, the battle of the flagship smartphones is about to be kicked off. What makes a smartphone a flagship, however? A flagship smartphone is one that offers uncompromised performance with impeccable design, usually at an astronomical price. Generally speaking, a phone that fashions itself as a flagship will be available in the Rs 50,000 plus range. The heart of these flagships is the processing platform that powers them. The performance and capabilities of the device are, after all, defined by these platforms. As far as these platforms (SoC) are concerned, there are currently four prominent contenders vying to power the flagship smartphones of today. Two of these will power the new Samsung Galaxy S8. Getty Images The contenders are Huawei’s Kirin 960, Qualcomm’s Snapdragon 835, Apple’s A10 Fusion and Samsung’s Exynos 8895. The Galaxy S8 will be powered by the Snapdragon 835 and the Exynos 8895. The Apple A10 Fusion SoC stands apart here as it’s only available on iOS devices. All other platforms support Android. Before we delve into them, allow us to explain what an SoC is. An SoC or System-on-Chip is a computing unit that includes all the essentials electronic components to power your smartphone. An SoC will house a CPU for handling computational tasks, a GPU or graphics processor for handling graphics, RAM chips to improve data handling speeds, onboard storage for handling your files, a modem for connecting to wireless networks and a whole host of other chips for signal processing, machine learning, motion detection, audio processing and so on. Think of it like assembling a PC. You have a motherboard that holds everything together, into which you slot in various components depending on the performance and features you’re looking for. You’ll need a CPU, RAM, storage, GPU, sound card, connectivity, etc. to make your PC work. The combination depends on your budget. Manufacturers and chip designers have the option to mix and match components as they see fit. We’d also like to add that ARM (Advanced Risc Machines) usually provides the design for these components. Manufacturers can choose to either license the designs from ARM directly or design their own chips. The latter is more expensive and requires a great deal of technical expertise. ARM, in a bid to ease the design process, now offers a manufacturer-specific customisation option as well. Now that we have this out of the way, let’s look at the chips themselves. Kirin 960 Snapdragon 835 Apple A10 Exynos 8895 Announced Oct-16 Jan-17 Sep-16 Feb-17 CPU High performance cores 4x Cortex A73 @ 2.4 GHz 4x Kryo 280 @ 2.45 GHz 2x Hurricane cores @ 2.34GHz 4x Samsung M2 @ 2.5 GHz Low power cores 4x Cortex A53 @ 1.8 GHz 4x Kryo 280 @ 1.9 GHz 2x Zephyr cores @ NA 4x Cortex A53 @ 1.7 GHz Manufacturing process 16 nm 10 nm 16 nm 10 nm GPU Mali-G71 MP8 Qualcomm Adreno 540 PowerVR Series 7XT GT7600 Plus Mali G71 MP20 Modem Peak download speed  600 Mbps 1 Gbps  600 Mbps 1 Gbps Peak upload speed  150 Mbps 150 Mbps  150 Mbps 150 Mbps Camera support  NA 32 MP single or 16 MP dual  NA 28 MP single or 14 MP dual Video recording  4K @ 30 fps 4K @ 30 fps  4K @ 30 fps 4K @ 120 fps RAM Type LPDDR4 @ 1800 MHz LPDDR4x at 1866 MHz LPDDR4 @ 1800 MHz LPDDR4x @ NA CPU design: A tie All of the current flagship SoCs use what’s known as the big.LITTLE layout. Essentially, a CPU is designed with high-performance cores and high-efficiency cores. The high-performance cores handle heavy duty computing tasks, like gaming, while the high-efficiency cores handle routine tasks that don’t require much power. The latter consumes less energy while the former delivers more performance. This ensures that your device isn’t consuming power unnecessarily. Barring the Apple A10, which uses a 4-core design, all the CPUs here use 8 cores. Don’t hold the low core count against Apple, however. It’s how your phone utilises those cores that matters, not the number of cores. Here, Huawei has gone for a standard design, simply licensing a standard Cortex A73 and A53 core from ARM and integrating it on the board. Qualcomm has gone for a semi-custom design, where they’ve licensed the Cortex A73 and A53 cores as well, but they’ve requested custom modifications to ARM’s design. This isn’t a fully custom design, but rather, a tweaked A73 and A53 if you will. Samsung has also gone for a custom design, but they’ve also mixed things up. The Exynos 8895 features four custom-built high performance cores and 4 standard Cortex A53 cores for low-power tasks. As usual, Apple stands apart with its fully custom design. All we really know is that the fast cores are called Hurricane and that the slow ones are called Zephyr. These cores also stand out for being much larger and thus, possibly more complex than the competition. The Kirin 960 and Apple A10 were announced in September/October last year and use an older 16 nm manufacturing process. The newer Snapdragon 835 and Exynos 8895 aren’t even out yet and use the newer 10 nm process. The manufacturing process describes the size of a transistor on a chip. As a rule of thumb, the smaller the transistor, the lower the power it’ll consume and the faster it will run. In theory, a 10 nm node should be 40-50 percent less power hungry and 20-30 percent more efficient than a 16 nm one. Early benchmarks bear this out. Image: iChagezone, Weibo Anandtech’s testing of the Snapdragon 835 indicates that the Kirin 960 and SD835 are neck and neck in pure CPU benchmarks. Apple’s A10 takes the lead in some areas, notably in single-threaded performance, but also lags in some others. The conclusion is just that Apple’s chip works well because Apple has tight control over its hardware and software. The Snapdragon is competitive with Kirin because they both use a very similar CPU design. The Exynos 8895 hasn’t been tested yet, and it’ll be interesting to see how Samsung’s M2 competes with existing designs. It must be noted that CPU performance is also determined by cache availability and RAM bandwidth. The SD835 uses slightly faster RAM here, but Apple and Samsung also use custom memory controllers so it’s hard to pick a clear winner without more data. GPU design: Qualcomm takes the lead Here, again, there are marked variations in approach. Huawei and Samsung have gone with a pre-built GPU, the Kirin opting for a Mali G71 MP8, which was the best available from ARM at the time, and Samsung has opted for the Mali G71 MP20, which is the best Mali GPU available today. The Qualcomm chip uses a custom-built Adreno 540 GPU. Apple uses a PowerVR Series 7XT GT7600 Plus for the same. Getty Images Early benchmarks show the Snapdragon 835 taking a huge lead over the Kirin 960 and Apple A10 Fusion. Benchmarks for the Exynos chip aren’t here yet, so we don’t know how the Mali G71 MP20 fares in this company. It should handily beat the Kirin 960, however. An interesting point noted by reviewers of the PowerVR chip used by Apple is that the chip is unable to sustain a heavy load for even a minute, resulting in the low scores. The Exynos chip also has a leg up on the other designs on the video recording front. While all other platforms support video capture at 4K @ 30 fps, the Exynos 8895 can capture 4K video at 120 fps. Network performance: A tie As far as real-world network performance is concerned, the performance difference should be negligible across these platforms. The older Kirin and Apple chips offer 600 Mbps downlink speeds and the newer ones offer 1 Gbps downlink speeds. There’s a variant of the A10 with a slower Intel modem, but even that offers over 500 Mbps of downlink speed. Considering that even the fastest telecom networks barely touch 100 Mbps and in fact, realistically offer speeds in the 10 Mbps range, this isn’t a cause for concern. And the winner is… There is no winner. For now, the Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 platform certainly appears to offer the best package. The lack of information around the Exynos 8895 means that we can’t comment on its performance. The 835 does surpass the 6-month old architectures from Apple and Huawei. For now, the 835 really does look like the best option, but the Exynos 8895 is the wild card here. Considering that Samsung will be using both platforms for its device, it’s certainly set to be the most powerful smartphone in the market at launch. We wonder what the scene will be like 6 months hence, when the Apple A11 and the iPhone 8 make their debut. Publish date: March 29, 2017 2:16 pm| Modified date: March 29, 2017 2:28 pm Tags: Apple A10 Fusion, flagship smartphone, Huawei Kirin 960, mobile platform, Qualcomm Snapdragon 835, Samsung, Samsung Exynos 8895, Samsung Galaxy S8 features, Samsung Galaxy S8 specification, SoC Also read Huawei P10 smartphone is expected to come with curved glass, a Kirin 960 SoC and 6GB of RAM The first Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 benchmarks are out and the results are a mixed bag X Recommended For You With the Galaxy S8/S8+, Samsung hopes to win back trust which was lost post the Note 7 fiasco Samsung Galaxy S8: On the fence? Here are 8 arguments to convince you to pick one up today Samsung Galaxy S8: Five changes loyal fans will need to get used to Samsung Galaxy S8 comes with Bluetooth 5.0; you can now stream audio to two headphones at once Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 8 / 10 MSI GT73VR 7RF gaming laptop review: Ludicrous performance at a ludicrous price Rating : 8 / 10 Asus ROG Strix GL553VE laptop review: A well-designed powerhouse Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance #Android Mar 30, 2017 App Annie projects that Android users will overtake Apple users in app spending #Facebook Mar 30, 2017 Facebook Live 360 allows everyone to live stream 360-degree footage #Oppo Mar 30, 2017 Oppo sacks employee who tore up Indian flag before binning it in Noida office #Facebook Mar 30, 2017 Facebook App and Messenger to stop working on smartphones with older versions of the software #Housing Mar 30, 2017 Housing.com launches Housing Partner platform for real estate developers SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 March 2017 by Military News Neuromorphic Chip Market Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 20.7% During 2016 – 2026 Future Market Insights has announced the addition of the “Neuromorphic Chip Market: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment 2016-2026″ report to their offering. Valley Cottage, NY, March 29, 2017 –(PR.com)– North America region to stretch the periphery of the global neuromorphic chip market. The global neuromorphic chip market is expected to witness a significant surge by the end of 2026. The market will record a CAGR of 20.7% within the forecast period (2016 – 2026). The value of the global neuromorphic chip market crossed US$ 1,420 Mn in 2015 and is expected to touch an approximate value of US$ 10,810 Mn by the end of 2026. The market is likely to showcase an incremental dollar opportunity of more than US$ 9,170 Mn during the period of forecast. In terms of revenue the North America neuromorphic chip market is projected to be the most attractive region. The North America neuromorphic chip market was valued at more than US$ 400 Mn in 2015 and is expected to surpass the value of US$ 2,700 Mn by the end of 2026. The market will expand at a CAGR of 19.7% in terms of value over the forecast period. This booming regional market is expected to represent an incremental dollar opportunity of more than US$ 2,300 Mn during the period of assessment. Recent trends in North America include convergence of new and advanced technologies with existing technologies to enhance operations in different verticals such as automobiles and aerospace & defence. Neuromorphic chips, built with hundreds of neurons, are being tested for application in unmanned drones. A chip that works on a complex pattern matching algorithm is being developed to be able to identify and store the signal patterns emitted from the surroundings of any defined space. Using this information, the chip will enable the drone to recognise the space the next time it is at the same location. Request For Sample@ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-1289 For applications in the automotive industry, with the help of other technologies such as signal processing etc., the chip is expected to help drivers in taking better informed decisions by offering data and information about their immediate surroundings. In the U.S., the government is taking initiatives to promote research and development of advanced technologies, which can replace or enhance existing non-efficient ones. Moreover, the U.S. government is taking advantage of the presence of established players for conducting research and development studies for neuromorphic chips. Furthermore, companies are focussing on agreements and collaborations in order to develop neuromorphic chips with advanced features. In 2013, DARPA started a project with the objective to develop neuromorphic chips technology, which would be comparable to a mammal’s brain. DARPA signed on established players such as IBM Corporation and HRL Laboratories, LLC, for this project. North America neuromorphic chip market: Segment wise performance report In terms of value, image recognition segment is estimated to be the most attractive in the North America neuromorphic chip market over the forecast period. In terms of revenue, image recognition segment is projected to be the most lucrative segment in the North America neuromorphic chip market during the forecast period. However, signal recognition segment is expected to register high Y-o-Y growth rates throughout the forecast period. In terms of value, this segment is expected to expand at a CAGR of 21.2% during the forecast period. In terms of value, the consumer electronics segment is expected to expand at a CAGR of 25.0% during the forecast period. The aerospace & defence segment is expected to be the most attractive segment in the neuromorphic chip market in North America. In 2015 the automotive segment was valued at more than US$ 80 Mn and it is expected to be valued close to US$ 530 Mn by the end of 2026, expanding at a CAGR of 18.4 % between 2016 and 2026. Send An Enquiry@ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/askus/rep-gb-1289 Leading market players are planning to dominate the global and regional markets through new strategic tie-ups and innovations IBM was awarded 7,355 patents in the US in 2015, putting it in the leading position for the 23rd consecutive year Intel Corporation invested US$ 12.1 Bn on R&D in 2015. Such high R&D investments allow the company to develop leading proprietary technologies and attain a strong leadership position. In September 2016, General Vision collaborated with Mando-Hella Electronics Corp. – a tier1 South Korean automotive systems manufacturer, to develop advanced driver assistance and monitoring systems integrated with NeuroMem technology, enabling advanced image recognition and multisensory pattern recognition Hewlett Packard Labs focuses on transferring advanced technologies into innovative products in order to propel the company’s growth, maintain industry leadership and competitive advantage HRL Laboratories focusses on widening its products portfolio reach into new application areas, which helps the company gain a competitive edge Browse Full Report@ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/neuromorphic-chip-market CategoriesUncategorized TagsAutomotive, Companies, company, DARPA, defence, general, Industry, Markets, Space, Technology, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Holistic Wellness Event in Riverside Next PostNext Lightship Works Vp Talks Transforming Data Collection in Field Research Posted on 29 March 2017 by Military News Neuromorphic Chip Market Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 20.7% During 2016 – 2026 Future Market Insights has announced the addition of the “Neuromorphic Chip Market: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment 2016-2026″ report to their offering. Valley Cottage, NY, March 29, 2017 –(PR.com)– North America region to stretch the periphery of the global neuromorphic chip market. The global neuromorphic chip market is expected to witness a significant surge by the end of 2026. The market will record a CAGR of 20.7% within the forecast period (2016 – 2026). The value of the global neuromorphic chip market crossed US$ 1,420 Mn in 2015 and is expected to touch an approximate value of US$ 10,810 Mn by the end of 2026. The market is likely to showcase an incremental dollar opportunity of more than US$ 9,170 Mn during the period of forecast. In terms of revenue the North America neuromorphic chip market is projected to be the most attractive region. The North America neuromorphic chip market was valued at more than US$ 400 Mn in 2015 and is expected to surpass the value of US$ 2,700 Mn by the end of 2026. The market will expand at a CAGR of 19.7% in terms of value over the forecast period. This booming regional market is expected to represent an incremental dollar opportunity of more than US$ 2,300 Mn during the period of assessment. Recent trends in North America include convergence of new and advanced technologies with existing technologies to enhance operations in different verticals such as automobiles and aerospace & defence. Neuromorphic chips, built with hundreds of neurons, are being tested for application in unmanned drones. A chip that works on a complex pattern matching algorithm is being developed to be able to identify and store the signal patterns emitted from the surroundings of any defined space. Using this information, the chip will enable the drone to recognise the space the next time it is at the same location. Request For Sample@ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-1289 For applications in the automotive industry, with the help of other technologies such as signal processing etc., the chip is expected to help drivers in taking better informed decisions by offering data and information about their immediate surroundings. In the U.S., the government is taking initiatives to promote research and development of advanced technologies, which can replace or enhance existing non-efficient ones. Moreover, the U.S. government is taking advantage of the presence of established players for conducting research and development studies for neuromorphic chips. Furthermore, companies are focussing on agreements and collaborations in order to develop neuromorphic chips with advanced features. In 2013, DARPA started a project with the objective to develop neuromorphic chips technology, which would be comparable to a mammal’s brain. DARPA signed on established players such as IBM Corporation and HRL Laboratories, LLC, for this project. North America neuromorphic chip market: Segment wise performance report In terms of value, image recognition segment is estimated to be the most attractive in the North America neuromorphic chip market over the forecast period. In terms of revenue, image recognition segment is projected to be the most lucrative segment in the North America neuromorphic chip market during the forecast period. However, signal recognition segment is expected to register high Y-o-Y growth rates throughout the forecast period. In terms of value, this segment is expected to expand at a CAGR of 21.2% during the forecast period. In terms of value, the consumer electronics segment is expected to expand at a CAGR of 25.0% during the forecast period. The aerospace & defence segment is expected to be the most attractive segment in the neuromorphic chip market in North America. In 2015 the automotive segment was valued at more than US$ 80 Mn and it is expected to be valued close to US$ 530 Mn by the end of 2026, expanding at a CAGR of 18.4 % between 2016 and 2026. Send An Enquiry@ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/askus/rep-gb-1289 Leading market players are planning to dominate the global and regional markets through new strategic tie-ups and innovations IBM was awarded 7,355 patents in the US in 2015, putting it in the leading position for the 23rd consecutive year Intel Corporation invested US$ 12.1 Bn on R&D in 2015. Such high R&D investments allow the company to develop leading proprietary technologies and attain a strong leadership position. In September 2016, General Vision collaborated with Mando-Hella Electronics Corp. – a tier1 South Korean automotive systems manufacturer, to develop advanced driver assistance and monitoring systems integrated with NeuroMem technology, enabling advanced image recognition and multisensory pattern recognition Hewlett Packard Labs focuses on transferring advanced technologies into innovative products in order to propel the company’s growth, maintain industry leadership and competitive advantage HRL Laboratories focusses on widening its products portfolio reach into new application areas, which helps the company gain a competitive edge Browse Full Report@ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/neuromorphic-chip-market CategoriesUncategorized TagsAutomotive, Companies, company, DARPA, defence, general, Industry, Markets, Space, Technology, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Holistic Wellness Event in Riverside Next PostNext Lightship Works Vp Talks Transforming Data Collection in Field Research Posted on 29 March 2017 by Military News Neuromorphic Chip Market Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 20.7% During 2016 – 2026 Future Market Insights has announced the addition of the “Neuromorphic Chip Market: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment 2016-2026″ report to their offering. Valley Cottage, NY, March 29, 2017 –(PR.com)– North America region to stretch the periphery of the global neuromorphic chip market. The global neuromorphic chip market is expected to witness a significant surge by the end of 2026. The market will record a CAGR of 20.7% within the forecast period (2016 – 2026). The value of the global neuromorphic chip market crossed US$ 1,420 Mn in 2015 and is expected to touch an approximate value of US$ 10,810 Mn by the end of 2026. The market is likely to showcase an incremental dollar opportunity of more than US$ 9,170 Mn during the period of forecast. In terms of revenue the North America neuromorphic chip market is projected to be the most attractive region. The North America neuromorphic chip market was valued at more than US$ 400 Mn in 2015 and is expected to surpass the value of US$ 2,700 Mn by the end of 2026. The market will expand at a CAGR of 19.7% in terms of value over the forecast period. This booming regional market is expected to represent an incremental dollar opportunity of more than US$ 2,300 Mn during the period of assessment. Recent trends in North America include convergence of new and advanced technologies with existing technologies to enhance operations in different verticals such as automobiles and aerospace & defence. Neuromorphic chips, built with hundreds of neurons, are being tested for application in unmanned drones. A chip that works on a complex pattern matching algorithm is being developed to be able to identify and store the signal patterns emitted from the surroundings of any defined space. Using this information, the chip will enable the drone to recognise the space the next time it is at the same location. Request For Sample@ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-1289 For applications in the automotive industry, with the help of other technologies such as signal processing etc., the chip is expected to help drivers in taking better informed decisions by offering data and information about their immediate surroundings. In the U.S., the government is taking initiatives to promote research and development of advanced technologies, which can replace or enhance existing non-efficient ones. Moreover, the U.S. government is taking advantage of the presence of established players for conducting research and development studies for neuromorphic chips. Furthermore, companies are focussing on agreements and collaborations in order to develop neuromorphic chips with advanced features. In 2013, DARPA started a project with the objective to develop neuromorphic chips technology, which would be comparable to a mammal’s brain. DARPA signed on established players such as IBM Corporation and HRL Laboratories, LLC, for this project. North America neuromorphic chip market: Segment wise performance report In terms of value, image recognition segment is estimated to be the most attractive in the North America neuromorphic chip market over the forecast period. In terms of revenue, image recognition segment is projected to be the most lucrative segment in the North America neuromorphic chip market during the forecast period. However, signal recognition segment is expected to register high Y-o-Y growth rates throughout the forecast period. In terms of value, this segment is expected to expand at a CAGR of 21.2% during the forecast period. In terms of value, the consumer electronics segment is expected to expand at a CAGR of 25.0% during the forecast period. The aerospace & defence segment is expected to be the most attractive segment in the neuromorphic chip market in North America. In 2015 the automotive segment was valued at more than US$ 80 Mn and it is expected to be valued close to US$ 530 Mn by the end of 2026, expanding at a CAGR of 18.4 % between 2016 and 2026. Send An Enquiry@ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/askus/rep-gb-1289 Leading market players are planning to dominate the global and regional markets through new strategic tie-ups and innovations IBM was awarded 7,355 patents in the US in 2015, putting it in the leading position for the 23rd consecutive year Intel Corporation invested US$ 12.1 Bn on R&D in 2015. Such high R&D investments allow the company to develop leading proprietary technologies and attain a strong leadership position. In September 2016, General Vision collaborated with Mando-Hella Electronics Corp. – a tier1 South Korean automotive systems manufacturer, to develop advanced driver assistance and monitoring systems integrated with NeuroMem technology, enabling advanced image recognition and multisensory pattern recognition Hewlett Packard Labs focuses on transferring advanced technologies into innovative products in order to propel the company’s growth, maintain industry leadership and competitive advantage HRL Laboratories focusses on widening its products portfolio reach into new application areas, which helps the company gain a competitive edge Browse Full Report@ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/neuromorphic-chip-market CategoriesUncategorized TagsAutomotive, Companies, company, DARPA, defence, general, Industry, Markets, Space, Technology, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Holistic Wellness Event in Riverside Next PostNext Lightship Works Vp Talks Transforming Data Collection in Field Research Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Press Releases   Future Market Insights Press Release Receive press releases from Future Market Insights: By Email RSS Feeds: Neuromorphic Chip Market Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 20.7% During 2016 - 2026 Future Market Insights has announced the addition of the Neuromorphic Chip Market: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment 2016-2026" report to their offering. Valley Cottage, NY, March 29, 2017 --(PR.com)-- North America region to stretch the periphery of the global neuromorphic chip market. The global neuromorphic chip market is expected to witness a significant surge by the end of 2026. The market will record a CAGR of 20.7% within the forecast period (2016 – 2026). The value of the global neuromorphic chip market crossed US$ 1,420 Mn in 2015 and is expected to touch an approximate value of US$ 10,810 Mn by the end of 2026. The market is likely to showcase an incremental dollar opportunity of more than US$ 9,170 Mn during the period of forecast. In terms of revenue the North America neuromorphic chip market is projected to be the most attractive region. The North America neuromorphic chip market was valued at more than US$ 400 Mn in 2015 and is expected to surpass the value of US$ 2,700 Mn by the end of 2026. The market will expand at a CAGR of 19.7% in terms of value over the forecast period. This booming regional market is expected to represent an incremental dollar opportunity of more than US$ 2,300 Mn during the period of assessment. Recent trends in North America include convergence of new and advanced technologies with existing technologies to enhance operations in different verticals such as automobiles and aerospace & defence. Neuromorphic chips, built with hundreds of neurons, are being tested for application in unmanned drones. A chip that works on a complex pattern matching algorithm is being developed to be able to identify and store the signal patterns emitted from the surroundings of any defined space. Using this information, the chip will enable the drone to recognise the space the next time it is at the same location. Request For Sample@ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-1289 For applications in the automotive industry, with the help of other technologies such as signal processing etc., the chip is expected to help drivers in taking better informed decisions by offering data and information about their immediate surroundings. In the U.S., the government is taking initiatives to promote research and development of advanced technologies, which can replace or enhance existing non-efficient ones. Moreover, the U.S. government is taking advantage of the presence of established players for conducting research and development studies for neuromorphic chips. Furthermore, companies are focussing on agreements and collaborations in order to develop neuromorphic chips with advanced features. In 2013, DARPA started a project with the objective to develop neuromorphic chips technology, which would be comparable to a mammal’s brain. DARPA signed on established players such as IBM Corporation and HRL Laboratories, LLC, for this project. North America neuromorphic chip market: Segment wise performance report In terms of value, image recognition segment is estimated to be the most attractive in the North America neuromorphic chip market over the forecast period. In terms of revenue, image recognition segment is projected to be the most lucrative segment in the North America neuromorphic chip market during the forecast period. However, signal recognition segment is expected to register high Y-o-Y growth rates throughout the forecast period. In terms of value, this segment is expected to expand at a CAGR of 21.2% during the forecast period. In terms of value, the consumer electronics segment is expected to expand at a CAGR of 25.0% during the forecast period. The aerospace & defence segment is expected to be the most attractive segment in the neuromorphic chip market in North America. In 2015 the automotive segment was valued at more than US$ 80 Mn and it is expected to be valued close to US$ 530 Mn by the end of 2026, expanding at a CAGR of 18.4 % between 2016 and 2026. Send An Enquiry@ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/askus/rep-gb-1289 Leading market players are planning to dominate the global and regional markets through new strategic tie-ups and innovations IBM was awarded 7,355 patents in the US in 2015, putting it in the leading position for the 23rd consecutive year Intel Corporation invested US$ 12.1 Bn on R&D in 2015. Such high R&D investments allow the company to develop leading proprietary technologies and attain a strong leadership position. In September 2016, General Vision collaborated with Mando-Hella Electronics Corp. – a tier1 South Korean automotive systems manufacturer, to develop advanced driver assistance and monitoring systems integrated with NeuroMem technology, enabling advanced image recognition and multisensory pattern recognition Hewlett Packard Labs focuses on transferring advanced technologies into innovative products in order to propel the company’s growth, maintain industry leadership and competitive advantage HRL Laboratories focusses on widening its products portfolio reach into new application areas, which helps the company gain a competitive edge Browse Full Report@ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/neuromorphic-chip-market Contact Information Future Market Insights Sudip Saha +1-347-918-3531 Contact www.futuremarketinsights.com 616 Corporate Way, Suite 2-9018 Valley Cottage, NY 10989 United States F: +1-845-579-5705 Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from Future Market Insights Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help
Reseller News News All News Government Products Round Table Tech Technologies 3D Printing Apps Cloud Computing Datacentre Mobile Solutions MSP Networking PC and Components Products/Reviews Security Social Networking Storage Software Tech Hive Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Windows 8 Central Markets Green Channel Market Watch Retail Services SMB Market Events View all events Resources Resources Reseller News Library Microsites Webinars Videos Contacts Brand Posts e-Mags Email the Editor Jobs Media Releases Slideshows Subscribe online Subscribe to IDG Publications Directories Distributor Directory Find distributors by name | vendor | location Vendor Directory Find vendors by name | category Contact Sign In Existing Member Forgot password? Join Reseller News Sign up to gain exclusive access to email subscriptions, event invitations, competitions, giveaways, and much more. Sign up now Menu ARN ​ICT leads way in New Zealand R&D surge ​ICT leads way in New Zealand R&D surge A Statistics NZ survey identifies a 30 per cent increase in research and development spending since 2014 By Rob O'Neill (New Zealand Reseller News) 29 March, 2017 09:37 - - - - print email Comments Private sector investment is delivering increased R&D spending in New Zealand. Computer services and machinery manufacturing firms led the way in delivering an almost 30 per cent lift in business R&D spending between 2014 and 2016, Statistics NZ says. The computer services sector had the biggest dollar-value increase, up by 40 per cent, or $125 million, to $436 million. Computer services firms include New Zealand businesses providing services such as producing and distributing software and web design, Statistics NZ said. Machinery and equipment manufacturers, spent 37 per cent or $105 million more to total $392 million in 2016. These firms include high-tech manufacturing firms developing new products and services for sale in New Zealand or overseas. Total spending on R&D by businesses, government, and higher education was $3.2 billion, up by 20 per cent or $531 million. R&D in the higher education sector lifted and government R&D had a modest rise, but the bulk of the overall increase was from business spending. Although the process can take years, R&D paves the way for new and better products or more efficient ways of doing things, Statistics NZ business performance senior manager Daria Kwon said. “While higher R&D spending is a key driver of economic growth according to some studies, it is not a guarantee that a business will be more creative or profitable.” Read more Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella’s mission: Democratising AI Read More: Westcon-Comstor Imagine 2016: Learn from the mistakes of the "mighty" who have fallen Intel A/NZ boss on the challenges of innovation Hi-Tech Awards 2017 finalists announced Subscribe here for up-to-date channel news Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Join the New Zealand Reseller News newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags Developmentinnovationengineeringresearch and developmentR&D Read next Xero to increase investment in AI and machine learning ​Vodafone gazumps Spark to take 70 per cent stake in TeamTalk's Farmside ... What will be Alibaba’s next tech channel play in A/NZ? Distributor Directory Find distributors by name - vendor - location Vendor Directory Find vendors by name - category Featured Slideshows What will be Alibaba’s next tech channel play in A/NZ? ARN explores 10 technologies Alibaba has in the works that could become part of its burgeoning tech channel play in the local market. What will be Alibaba’s next tech channel play in A/NZ? StorageCraft celebrates high achievers at its inaugural A/NZ Partner Awards Revealed at a glitzy bash in Sydney at the Ivy Penthouse, the first StorageCraft Partner Awards locally saw the vendor honour its top-performing partners with ASI Solutions, SMBiT Pro, Webroot, ACA Pacific and Soft Solutions New Zealand taking home the top awards. Photos by Maria Stefina. StorageCraft celebrates high achievers at its inaugural A/NZ Partner Awards Kiwi resellers make a splash on Synnex and Lenovo RotoVegas road trip ​Synnex and Lenovo hosted 18 resellers for an action-packed weekend adventure in RotoVegas, taking in white water rafting on the Kaituna River, as well as quad biking and dinner at Stratosfare​, overlooking Lake Rotorua at the top of Mount Ngongotaha​. Photos by Synnex. Kiwi resellers make a splash on Synnex and Lenovo RotoVegas road trip Related Whitepapers Datto’s State of Channel APAC Ransomware Report Annual ITSP Benchmarking Study Natural Disaster Survival Guide For Businesses How to Plan For Disaster Recovery Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. IBM strikes global AI partnership with Salesforce   Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World New Zealand | CIO New Zealand | Computerworld New Zealand Links: Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] | Advertising | Books | Downloads Latest News 02:21PM Xero to increase investment in AI and machine learning 10:23AM Is Oracle buying Accenture? 08:05AM Tasman Global Access cable lights up 06:13AM Hi-Tech Awards 2017 finalists announced More News ​Genesis Energy shifts infrastructure to the cloud ​How Kiwi partners can maximise Microsoft Teams Reseller News Events 24 May Reseller News Judges' Lunch 2017 14 Jun Reseller News WIICTA 2017 30 Jul EDGE 2017 View all events Featured EDGE 2017 EDGE 2017 Reseller News After Hours Reseller News After Hours Women in ICT NZ Women in ICT NZ Reseller News Industry Awards Industry Awards
