
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple AMD shows Summit Ridge processor outperforming Intel’s Core i7-6900K chip Kevin Parrish Digital TrendsAugust 18, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share AMD held a special “The Path to Zen” mini-conference to provide additional information about its next-generation “Zen” processor x86 core architecture recently, as well as the first processor chips to use these cores, “Summit Ridge.” In a nutshell, the new core technology will provide a 40-percent jump in instructions per clock over the previous generation — and may give Intel a run for its money when the Summit Bridge chips finally hit the market. The special event for the press and analysts, held Wednesday night during the Intel Developer Forum convention in San Francisco, was hosted by AMD CEO Lisa Su. She first indicated to the audience that AMD undertook an important-yet-massive performance-per-watt “journey” when it embarked on its quest for Zen. The company has made significant progress since then, and is now providing some rather significant disclosures on its current Zen and Summit Ridge development. As previously reported, Summit Ridge will be based on 14nm FinFET process technology offered by GlobalFoundries, the same process used on AMD’s Polaris-based graphics chips. It will feature eight Zen cores and 16 threads and support AMD’s “Bristol Ridge” AM4 platform, which is also compatible with the company’s seventh-generation A-Series desktop processors. AM4 supports goodies like DDR4 system memory, the company’s APUs, PCI Express Gen3, USB 3.1 Gen2, NVMe, SATA Express storage, and loads more. OEM PC designs will sport the AM4 platform in solutions with A-Series processors sometime in this half of 2016. Meanwhile, the technical Zen details provided by AMD in Wednesday’s presentation can be seen in our formatted gallery below for your viewing pleasure. The first Zen-based product will appear in the high-end desktop enthusiast market. After that, Zen-based chips will roll out to the enterprise-class server market followed by mobile PCs and the embedded application market. Highlights include two threads per core for simultaneous multithreading (aka Hyper-Threading over at Team Intel), 8MB of shared L3 cache, 512K of L2 cache per core, and two AES units for safer computing. One of the slides presented by Senior VP and CTO Mark Papermaster showed that each Zen core will have a “significantly” enhanced pre-fetch feature, separate low latency L1 instruction and L1 data caches, and up to five times more cache bandwidth for each Zen core.  Other notable technical advancements include an enhanced branch prediction for selecting the right instructions, a 1.75x instruction scheduler, and more. All of this means dramatic gains in single-threaded performance. “We assembled a team to create a grounds-up, from scratch, new CPU design for x86,” Papermaster told the audience. “It’s a brand new micro-architecture. A CPU that can scale from that high performance all the way down to PC and mobile applications. How do we get a 40 percent instruction per clock improvement from the previous generation? It starts with performance, throughput, and efficiency.” AMD CPU Core RoadmapMore As seen in the slide above, AMD lays out the evolution of its processor core technology since the introduction of its “Bulldozer” architecture. Plowing through “Piledriver,” “Steamtoller,” “Excavator,” and the current Zen, AMD has steadily increased the number of instructions-per-clock for each core while simultaneously dropping the amount of energy per cycle. It’s AMD’s way of showing the increased performance-per-watt the company has managed since the release of the older Bulldozer processor core. Read More Related: Intel’s 7th-generation Core focuses on speedy 4K content Additionally, in a demonstration during the event, AMD compared an eight-core Summit Ridge processor sample against an eight-core Intel Core i7-6900K “Broadwell-E” down-clocked processor, both of which were set at 3GHz for an actual clock-to-clock, core-to-core, thread-to-thread boxing match. Using the multi-threaded Blender rendering benchmark, the company showed in real-time the Summit Ridge sample rendering the Zen logo slightly faster than Intel’s highly coveted CPU just launched back in June. AMD Naples Server SoCMore AMD also revealed its “Naples” SoC for enterprise-class servers that features a massive 32 Zen cores and 64 threads. Suresh Gopalakrishnan, CVP of Enterprise Engineering, showed two Naples chips crammed onto a two-socket motherboard that will be used in upcoming servers (seriously, why can’t we do that on desktop), as shown above. “What AMD showed on Zen last night was very compelling on performance,” analyst Patrick Moorhead told Digital Trends via email. “There’s a lot of execution between now and launch, but at a minimum, I believe AMD will be in a much better position than they have been in years in processors. To put this in perspective, this is the biggest thing I’ve seen in 10 years in CPUs at AMD.” According to AMD, the next twelve months will see GPU market share gains thanks to the current Polaris GPU architecture, and its upcoming “Vega” architecture slated for 2017 (if not sooner). The company also expects to return to growth in the PC market thanks to its Zen core technology, and to ramp up its new semi-custom business. AMD is also re-entering the “highly-profitable” x86-based server market thanks to its Naples SoC. Related: Intel wants Windows 10 tablets to be just as thin as the iPad Pro The best is yet to come, the company teases, with more information about Zen and Summit Ridge expected to be revealed during its Hot Chips 28 presentation taking place next week. AMD Zen server chip could have 32 cores, 64MB cache, 128 PCIE Lanes Intel, AMD may not launch their newest processors until 2017 AMD brings VR to the masses with new RX 480 video card, teases Zen product launch Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next A laser pointer from the stands helped the Oakland Raiders beat the Texans BGR News iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Donald Trump’s advisors are lying to him Quartz The best Black Friday tech deals Yahoo Finance Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
Client Login Receiver Login Issue Release Services The Process SMNR Pricing Partners Why RealWire? Testimonials Case Studies PR Filter Knowledge About Our Story The Team RealWire News Contact Enquiries PR Sign Up Receiver Sign Up Twitter FeedsRealWire Limited Delivering Relevance, Releasing Influence Send Release|Receive Releases|Archive|FAQ's RSSTwitterLinkedInVimeoYouTube Issue Date 28 Jun 2016 Images FZ-G1 mk4 view Newsroom Panasonic System Communications Company Europe Newsroom Release Feed RSS FeedPanasonic Feed Share Release Tweet Facebook LinkedIn Digg This blink it Reddit! Stumble It! Add to Diigo Bookmark this on Delicious Tweet Facebook LinkedIn Press Release Panasonic’s fully rugged Windows 10.1-inch Toughpad tablet just keeps getting better Improved performance and communication capabilities with longer battery life BRACKNELL, UK. 28th JUNE 2016 The 4th generation of the fully rugged Panasonic Toughpad FZ-G1 tablet launched today features improved performance and communication capabilities with an increased 14 hour battery life and the Windows 10 Pro operating system to further enhance its reputation with mobile workforces as the 10.1 inch tablet of choice. The Toughpad FZ-G1 has proved popular with a wide range of industries including retail and manufacturing, as well as organisations with large workforces in the field, such as utilities, logistics, assessors and field service as well as the emergency services. FZ-G1 mk4 This latest device delivers more performance for less power than its category competitors with an upgraded 6th Generation Intel® Core™ i5-6300U vPro™ Processor (3 MB cache, 2.4 GHz up to 3.0 GHz with Intel® Turbo Boost Technology). Improved graphics performance is delivered by the built-in Intel® HD Graphics 520 GPU. Since its introduction 2013, the standard battery operating life of the Toughpad FZ-G1 tablet has almost doubled from 8 to 14 hours, with the optional larger battery now delivering 28 hours of working activity. The latest communication capabilities have been included with Intel® Dual Band Wireless-AC 8260 WLAN and Version 4.1 Class 1 Bluetooth®. The 8MP rear camera presents the clarity and detail for documentation capture and photos. “This latest upgrade to the Panasonic Toughpad FZ-G1 tablet is a perfect example of Panasonic’s approach to sustainable mobile business computing,” said Jan Kaempfer, General Manager of Marketing for Panasonic Computer Product Solutions. “We continue to deliver regular performance and functionality improvements for our rugged Toughpad tablet and Toughbook notebook devices, whilst maintaining the wide variety of accessories and peripherals for the product, such as vehicle docking mounts, desk cradles, batteries, chargers and power adapters. This approach allows our customers to invest in a Panasonic mobile device with confidence, knowing that our rugged designs are built to last, that each model will continue to be developed and the investment in peripherals and accessories will remain compatible for the long-term.” The fully rugged Toughpad FZ-G1 tablet with Windows 10 Pro sets the new benchmark for outdoor viewable tablets making it ideal for field workforces in outdoor scenarios. With its capacitive 10-finger multi-touch display, waterproof IP55 digitizer pen for efficient usage even in rain and flexible configurable ports, this device can be used to view high definition documentation and images in the field and is equipped with the connectivity options to stay in touch wherever the location. The flexible configuration port gives business users the legacy port options they require in a compact, fully rugged and lightweight form factor. Availability and pricing The latest Toughpad FZ-G1 mk4 will be available from July at a starting price of £1,700 + tax. For further information, visit: www.toughbook.eu Press contact: Michael Bartley The Amber Group michael@ambergroup.net +44 (0)118 949 7750 About Panasonic System Communications Company Europe (PSCEU) PSCEU is the European branch of Panasonic Systems Communications Company, the global B2B division of Panasonic. PSCEU’s goal is to improve the working lives of business professionals and help their organisations’ efficiency and performance. We help organisations capture, compute and communicate all sorts of information: image, voice, and textual data. Products include PBX telephone switches, document printers, professional cameras, projectors, large visual displays, rugged mobile PCs and fire alarms solutions. With around 400 staff, engineering design expertise, global project management capability and a large European partner network, PSCEU offers unrivalled capability in its markets. PSCEU is made up of four product categories: Communication Solutions, including professional scanners, multifunctional printers, telephony systems and SIP terminal devices. Visual System Solutions, including projectors and professional displays. Panasonic offers the widest range of Visual products, and leads the European projector market with 28% revenue share. (Futuresource B2B market tracking, Q1/2014) Professional Camera Solutions, including Broadcast & ProAV products, security, fire alarm systems and industrial medical vision (IMV) technology. Panasonic is one of the top two professional camera vendors in Europe. Computer Product Solutions helps mobile workers improve productivity with its range of Toughbook rugged notebooks, Toughpad business tablets and electronic point of sales (EPOS) systems. As European market leaders, Panasonic Toughbook had a 66% revenue share of sales of rugged and durable notebooks and Panasonic Toughpad held a 59% revenue share of sales of rugged business tablets in 2015 (VDC Research, March 2016). Disclaimer: All brand names shown are the registered trademarks of the relevant companies. All rights reserved. All working conditions, times and figures quoted are optimum or ideal levels and may differ as a result of individual and local circumstances. Specifications, product availability and price given herein may be changed at any time without prior notice. .Android, Google, and other marks are trademarks of Google Inc. Contact us +44 (0)1522 883640Follow us RSSTwitterLinkedInVimeoYouTube Copyright © 2011 - 2016 Realwire Limited, all rights reserved.Privacy Policy   |   Disclaimer
Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Press Releases   Lanner Electronics Inc. Press Release Receive press releases from Lanner Electronics Inc.: By Email RSS Feeds: Lanner Adds NCA-1011 to Expand Its vCPE, Edge Security Product Lineup NCA-1011 comes in compact fanless desktop form factor, ideal for branch office and retail environment. New Taipei City, Taiwan, July 14, 2016 --(PR.com)-- The increasing deployment of virtual CPE (Customer Premise Equipments) has driven the demand of desktop fanless platforms for branch office and retail environments. To provide hardware solutions for enterprises, Lanner launches its NCA-1011, an Intel Bay-Trail driven compact desktop appliance to expand its vCPE and edge security product lineup. NCA-1011 is packed with Intel Quad-core Celeron J1900 SoC CPU, five RJ-45 LAN ports, two USB 2.0 ports, one console port and one mini-PCIe slot for wireless network module. NCA-1011 comes in compact fanless desktop form factor, ideal for branch office and retail environment. As a vCPE for such environment, NCA-1011 is built in a x86 open architecture for flexibility to run various software. The platform is empowered by Intel Quad-core Celeron J1900 SoC CPU (codenamed Bay Trail) to deliver the required performance and power efficiency in an edge security deployment. Memory wise, the platform supports DDR3L 1333MHz non-ECC SO-DIMM up to 8GB. At the networking aspect, NCA-1011 comes with five RJ-45 Gigabit Ethernet ports to connect with other networking devices. In fact, the RJ-45 I/O set of NCA-1011 is programmed with one pair of Lanner’s Gen 3 LAN Bypass. The platform also provides a RJ-45 console port to establish a console terminal for control and management. Other functionalities of NCA-1011 include one mini-PCIe slot for wireless network module, two USB 2.0 ports, and a power input of AC 100~240V@50~60 Hz. NCA-1011 Compact Fanless x86 Desktop Network Appliance with Intel Celeron J1900 SoC - Desktop form factor - Intel quad-core Celeron J1900 SoC CPU (codenamed Bay Trail) - Fanless design - 5 x RJ45 GbE LAN ports, 2 x USB 2.0 ports, 1 x RJ45 console port - 1 pair Gen.3 LAN Bypass - 1 x DDR3L SODIMM max. up to 8GB memory - 1 x full-length mini-PCIe slot for wireless connectivity - 1 x mSATA slot - DC power jack with lock About Lanner Electronics Inc. Lanner Electronics Inc. (TAIEX 6245) is a world-leading hardware provider in design, engineering, and manufacturing services for advanced network appliances and rugged industrial computers. With 30-year experiences, Lanner provides reliable and cost-effective computing platforms with high quality and performance. Today, Lanner has a large and dynamic manpower of over 900 well-experienced employees worldwide with the headquarters in Taipei, Taiwan and subsidiaries in the US, Canada, and China. Contact Information Lanner Electronics Inc. Tiana Wang 886286926060 Contact www.lannerinc.com Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from Lanner Electronics Inc. Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help
Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Press Releases   Lanner Electronics Inc. Press Release Receive press releases from Lanner Electronics Inc.: By Email RSS Feeds: Lanner Introduces Intel® Xeon® Based Video Transport Card NCS2-VT02A with Intel Iris Pro Graphics for Video Convergence Efficient transcoding is imperative for transporting high quality and bandwidth-hungry video content, often stored and fed from the Cloud. By utilizing the latest Intel technology, Lanner has created the NCS2-VT02A, an add-on NIC module for optimizing video transcoding for high-volume video delivery. New Taipei City, Taiwan, May 21, 2016 --(PR.com)-- With the demands of computing-intensive and video processing capabilities in the server domain, Lanner has released its high-performance video transport card NCS2-VT02A in NIC module form factor, driven by Intel Xeon E3-1515 v5 CPU (codenamed Skylake) and CM236 chipset. The card supports 4K ultra-HD resolution and H.265 compression and is designed with Intel® Iris™ Pro GT4e graphics to deliver high resolution image-processing and compression for video convergence demands. The card will serve as expansion module for Lanner’s network computing appliances. NCS2-VT02A is empowered by Intel Xeon E3-1515 v5 CPU (codenamed Skylake) and CM236 chipset to be deployed in computing-intensive and mission critical applications in today’s network and video convergence. The CPU supports high graphic processing, DDR4 memory, and virtualization technologies for video-on-demand services to conduct tasks including de-interlacing, image scaling, frame rate conversion and graphical acceleration. With the card installed in Lanner’s network appliances, the resolution and quality for video output will be enhanced by multiples. The card is built with 4K ultra-HD resolution and H.265 compression technology to deliver the ultimate output for online video streaming and multimedia outputs. In addition, NCS2-VT02Ais programmed with Intel Iris Pro graphics to further enhance video transport quality and serviceability. As the card comes with its own HDMI port, installation and connection are made conveniently. NCS2-VT02A is recommended for media convergences, smartphone/tablet gaming, video streaming, VOD and other online multimedia applications. NCS2-VT02A 4K Video Transport NIC Module Powered By Intel Xeon E3-1515 v5 CPU - Video Transport NIC Module for Lanner Network Appliances - Onboard Intel® Xeon® E3-1515 v5 CPU (Codenamed Skylake-H) - Support 4K Ultra-HD Resolution and H.265 Compression - Intel CM236 Chipset - Built-in Intel® Iris Pro Graphics GT4e - 1 x PCIe x8 Gold Finger About Lanner Electronics Inc. Lanner Electronics Inc. (TAIEX 6245) is a world-leading hardware provider in design, engineering, and manufacturing services for advanced network appliances and rugged industrial computers. With 30-year experiences, Lanner provides reliable and cost-effective computing platforms with high quality and performance. Today, Lanner has a large and dynamic manpower of over 800 well-experienced employees worldwide with the headquarters in Taipei, Taiwan and subsidiaries in the US, Canada, and China. Contact Information Lanner Electronics Inc. Tiana Wang 886286926060 Contact www.lannerinc.com Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from Lanner Electronics Inc. Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: NVIDIA Corrects Intel's "Mistakes" in Deep Learning NVIDIA's calling out Intel for using old GPU specifications to compare deep-learning processes -- and it's just the beginning of a bigger deep-learning battle. Chris Neiger (TMFNewsie) Aug 18, 2016 at 5:17PM Image source: Getty Images. Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) and NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA) are both betting that deep learning is going to fuel everything from cloud computing to driverless cars -- and the rivalry is already starting to heat up.  Intel said recently that its new Knights Landing Xeon Phi processors are faster and can be scaled better than graphics processing units (GPUs) that NVIDIA makes. Unsurprisingly, NVIDIA didn't take too kindly to the comparison. The company wrote a blog post in response, saying that it needed to correct a few of Intel's "mistakes," and took a jab at the company, saying, "It's understandable that newcomers to the field may not be aware of all the developments that have been taking place in both hardware and software." Them's fightin' words in the semiconductor business!  Essentially, NVIDIA said that Intel's data was 18 months old, and pointed out that the new data (available to anyone) shows that NVIDIA's Maxwell GPUs are actually 30% faster than Intel's Xeon Phi.  The company also highlighted that its new Titan X server with its advanced Pascal architecture is actually about two times faster than Intel's new processors, and its DGX-1 supercomputer is is five times faster.  There's really not much up for debate here, considering that NVIDIA is using the same data source and standards that Intel is using, but with just the most recent numbers. Why this actually matters Here's why Intel and NVIDIA are taking off the gloves: The entire deep-learning market (including software, services, and hardware) is expected to surpass $100 billion in annual revenue by 2024. And right now NVIDIA is becoming increasingly important in the space. NVIDIA's CEO, Jen-Hsun Huang, said back in April that "deep learning is no longer just an app, not just a field. We think this is so important, we think this is going to utterly change computing. We think it's a big deal."  Many tech companies are already using NVIDIA's GPUs to build their own machine-learning (part of artificial intelligence) computers. For example, Facebook uses NVIDIA's Tesla M40 GPUs for its Big Sur machine-learning computers. NVIDIA has started marketing some of its GPUs, like the Tesla P100, more to the enterprise market for corporate data centers, and that's likely to increase as server and cloud-computing tasks become more complex. And the company's DGX-1 deep-learning supercomputer is marketed to enterprise customers looking for serious data processing. NVIDIA saw 112% year-over-year growth from its data center revenue in Q2 2017, driven in part by deep learning. Meanwhile, Intel's own data center growth was just 5% over the same period.  Intel's fighting to keep itself relevant in an industry that's increasingly pivoting toward GPUs for deep learning. That's likely the reason it used old NVIDIA specs to compare its new processors to. Intel's latest Xeon Phi processors are certainly serious competition for NVIDIA, and will likely create very good deep-learning machines. But I still think investors would be remiss to look past NVIDIA's growing position in the space.  Chris Neiger has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Facebook and Nvidia. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Chris Neiger (TMFNewsie) Chris has covered Tech and Telecom companies for The Motley Fool since 2012. Follow him on Twitter for the latest tech stock coverage. Follow @tmfnewsie Article Info Aug 18, 2016 at 5:17PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $35.16 down $0.33 (-0.92%) Nvidia NASDAQ:NVDA $93.85 up $0.34 (0.36%) Read More What NVIDIA's Blowout Quarter Says About AMD's Comeback NVIDIA Corporation Delivers Blowout Earnings Results NVIDIA Corp. Earnings: A Home Run in the Data Center Artificial Intelligence vs. Driverless Cars: Which Tech Trend Has More Opportunity? AMD Stock Surges on Google Cloud Deal Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
null
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Apple Invents an Energy Harvesting Component to Augment Battery Power for iOS Devices | Main | Apple Continues their Work on Delivering an Augmented Reality Display for Mobile Devices » August 18, 2016 Apple's 3D Depth Camera Team Invent a new Miniaturized Hybrid Scanning Module   Intel's RealSense Camera is one, if not the industry's first 3D depth camera being incorporated into PC's and mobile devices that incorporate a depth scanner. When you go to Intel's RealSense webpage, the first thing you'll see on the page is a clear statement that reads: 'Imagine, Create. Scan. Share.' It's the technology behind Windows Hello, which is a Windows 10 feature that allows a display with a RealSense camera to use facial recognition to assist a user to login without typing in a password. And the scanner is lighting fast. Today, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office published a patent application from Apple that derived from their Israeli PrimeSense team. They were legendary for their 3D depth cameras that were used in Microsoft's Kinect device. And now, we may see their first 3D camera land on the iPhone 7 in September and later in the year on the iPad and/or iPad Pro. Today's patent application covers their latest miniaturized hybrid scanning module.      Apple's patent FIG. 1 is a schematic, pictorial illustration of a scanning device comprising a hybrid scanning module; FIG. 2 is a schematic rear view of the scanning module of FIG. 1; and FIG. 4 is a schematic, pictorial illustration of an alternative hybrid scanning module using a single larger mirror instead of two smaller mirrors.   The patent filing reveals several patents are being incorporated into this newest filing under number 20160238834. One of the incorporated patents describes "a scanning depth engine, which includes a transmitter, which emits a beam comprising pulses of light, and a scanner, which is configured to scan the beam, within a predefined scan range, over a scene."   The scanner may comprise a micromirror produced using MEMS technology. A receiver receives the light reflected from the scene and generates an output indicative of the time of flight of the pulses to and from points in the scene. A processor is coupled to control the scanner and to process the output of the receiver so as to generate a 3D map of the scene – just as our cover graphic is conveying.   The patent is a highly technical one describing their latest hybrid scanner module invention in depth and you could review it in full here. Apple filed for this patent in Q1 2015. Considering that this is a patent application, the timing of such a product to market is unknown at this time.   Patently Apple presents a detailed summary of patent applications with associated graphics for journalistic news purposes as each such patent application is revealed by the U.S. Patent & Trade Office. Readers are cautioned that the full text of any patent application should be read in its entirety for full and accurate details. About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Comments are reviewed daily from 5am to 6pm MST and sporadically over the weekend.     Posted by Jack Purcher on August 18, 2016 at 03:35 PM in 1. Patent Applications, Camera Related, Facial Recognition & 3D Related | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts Rumor Claims Apple will Shift to Glass iPhone in 2017 to Accommodate Wireless Charging For Six Quarters Straight Apple's iPhone has taken 91% or more of the Smartphone Industry's Profits Cook Did the Right Thing and Congratulated Trump on his Great Victory to Open the Door for Dialog Apple's Temporary Black Friday Sales Event Website is up to Get you Pumped for Devices, Music, Photography and Games Did Microsoft make Apple Blink with the Success of Surface Tablets? Microsoft's CEO Says Yes Apple Granted 39 Patents Today Covering a One-Time Secret Patent for a Flexible, Foldable iPhone Design Sweep! Apple's iPad has Won the Last 4 Quarters as top Tablet as the Competition Piles on with new Detachables Key Component Shortages for Next-Gen Notebooks like the MacBook Pro will Push Shipments into 2017 Even in the Quickly Growing Refurbished Smartphone Market Apple's Pricing seems to be Defying Gravity Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Applications Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     Video   /   Intel Agrees to Make 10nm Mobile Chips for Rival ARM       Intel Agrees to Make 10nm Mobile Chips for Rival ARM     By eWEEK Staff  |  Posted 2016-08-18 Print               DAILY VIDEO: Intel to build 10nm mobile chips for ARM; Intel CEO: PCs powered by 'Kaby Lake' chips coming this year; How to thaw out PCs frozen by Windows 10 Anniversary Update; and there's more.   Latest Videos Sponsored Videos Symantec Buys Out Identity Protection Firm LifeLock for $2.3 Billion DAILY VIDEO: Symantec acquires identity protection vendor LifeLock for $2.3 Billion; Oracle acquires... Nvidia, OpenAI to Collaborate With Microsoft's AI Efforts DAILY VIDEO: Microsoft's AI efforts get a boost from Nvidia, Elon Musk's OpenAI; Mozilla introduces... IBM Launches Security Services Headquarters in Massachusetts DAILY VIDEO: IBM opens global headquarters for security services; IoT devices evolving rapidly as... Dell Data Protection Secure Lifecycle Encrypts Data in Motion Daily Video: Dell data protection defends against external, insider threats; Microsoft Outlook... 'Smart' Light Bulbs Vulnerable to Cyber-Attacks, Researchers Show DAILY VIDEO: Researchers show even 'smart' light bulbs are threatened on IoT; Kaspersky alleges... SEC Filing Indicates Yahoo Was Aware of Data Breach in 2014 DAILY VIDEO: SEC filing indicates Yahoo might have known about data breach in 2014; Windows 10 Sticky... Apple Store Selling Refurbished iPhones at a Discount DAILY VIDEO: Apple refurbished iPhones again being offered in the Apple Store; Google pulling the... Samsung Aims to Incorporate AI in Galaxy S8 Smartphones DAILY VIDEO: Samsung evaluating AI for use in Galaxy S8 smartphones; LG begins Android 7.0 Nougat OS... Apple Drops Prices of MacBook Pro Dongles After Complaints DAILY VIDEO: Apple drops MacBook Pro dongle prices after customer pushback; Samsung says some 85% of... Samsung Gear S3 Smartwatches to Go on Sale Nov. 18 DAILY VIDEO: Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch preorders began Nov. 6; Huawei launches Fit sports and... Intel Processors, Storage Enhancements Set New Dell Servers Apart Dell’s latest Intel-based PowerEdge servers bring new levels of operational efficiency and... Dell PowerEdge R630: Incredible Density Across a Range of Resources The Dell PowerEdge R630 is a mainstream 2S/1U rack server that delivers incredible density across a... Save on Operating Costs for Scale-Out Workloads With the introduction of the Dell PowerEdge FM 120x4, Dell and Intel are bringing to market a server... Dell PowerEdge R730xd: Storage Density for Clouds, Big Data and More The Dell PowerEdge R730xd, also based on Intel Xeon processors, is one of the world's densest... Dell PowerEdge T630: Versatility for ROBO Environments and More The Dell PowerEdge T630 is a mainstream 2S/5U rack-mount tower server with a versatile mix of... Introduction to the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Dell's latest generation of Intel-based PowerEdge servers has the power and flexibility to solve all... Meet Some of the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Dell’s latest Intel-based PowerEdge servers bring new levels of operational efficiency and... Management Features of the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Today's businesses need to innovate to compete. If your IT talent is spending too much time... Innovative Features in the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Dell PowerEdge servers powered by Intel processors include a number of innovative features designed... Virtualization, Convergence and Cloud with Dell PowerEdge Servers video Agility is a competitive edge that Dell's PowerEdge servers can deliver thanks to dense, storage... Read more about the stories in today's news: Intel to Build 10nm Mobile Chips for ARM Intel CEO: PCs Powered by 'Kaby Lake' Chips Coming This Year How to Thaw Out PCs Frozen by Windows 10 Anniversary Update Apple Promises China R&D Facility This Year       Today's topics include Intel's partnership with rival ARM to build 10nm mobile chips, the new graphics capabilities in Intel’s seventh generation Core processors, Microsoft's tips on how to fix PCs disabled by the Windows 10 Anniversary Update and the announcement that Apple will open a research and development facility in China within the year. Intel and ARM in recent years have become serious rivals in different sectors of the processor market. Intel has failed to make much headway into a mobile chip space dominated by ARM and its partners, while ARM has been trying to gain traction in data centers where Intel silicon powers more than 95 percent of servers. Now, these two rivals are coming together in a partnership that promises to benefit both companies. At the Intel Developer Forum in San Francisco Aug. 16, officials from both vendors announced that Intel's chip foundry business will build processors chips for mobile and consumer devices based on ARM's architecture. The agreement will boost Intel's custom manufacturing business, which the company has been building for the past few years, by adding intellectual property from ARM whose chip architecture powers almost all of the smartphones and tablets in the world. Intel officials may be reducing the chip maker's dependence on the stagnant PC market, but that doesn't mean they've given up on the systems. During his keynote address in San Francisco on Aug. 16 on the opening day of the Intel Developer Forum, CEO Brian Krzanich showed off systems running on the company's upcoming seventh-Generation Core "Kaby Lake" chips, boasting of the processors' abilities to smoothly run 4K videos and 3D applications, thanks to integrated graphics capabilities. In addition, Krzanich also showed a two-in-one system from HP Inc. powered by the new processors, which showed how quickly PCs powered by the chips can run such demanding workloads as editing high-resolution 4K video from a GoPro camera. Instead of taking advantage of some the power user- and developer-friendly features included in this month's Windows 10 Anniversary Update, some PC owners were instead greeted by unresponsive hardware. "Microsoft has received a small number of reports of Windows 10 freezing after installing the Anniversary Update on systems with the operating system stored on a solid-state drive and apps and data stored on a separate drive," wrote a Microsoft forum moderator on Aug. 10. "This issue does not occur when starting Windows 10 in Safe Mode. "Alternately, users can revert to the previous version of Windows 10, an option that remains available for 10 days after the update is applied. Step by step instructions are available in this Microsoft support forum thread. Apple has committed to building a research and development facility in China, a number of sources have reported. Apple CEO Tim Cook, during his ninth visit to China, met with senior government officials this week and promised to increase investment in the country. An Apple spokesperson said that the R&D facility will open this year and focus on developing new products and "strengthening relationships with local partners and universities," according to The Wall Street Journal. While China had been a fast-growing market for Apple, during the company's most recent fiscal quarter sales in China were down 33 percent.       Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend         News and Reviews Slideshows IBM Aims Watson at Embodied Cognition Microsoft Advances 'Any Developer, Any App, Any Platform' Strategy Google Will Tag Frequent Violators of Its Site Safety Standards Intel Lights Up the Sky With New Shooting Star Drone Old School Polling Methods Hid Trump's Popularity With Voters 10 Reasons Not to Buy the Apple MacBo... Apple is scheduled to release the MacBook Pro with Touch Bar mid-No... Watch Now                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     Servers   /   Intel Unveils Upcoming Xeon Phi Chip Aimed at AI Workloads       Intel Unveils Upcoming Xeon Phi Chip Aimed at AI Workloads     By Jeffrey Burt  |  Posted 2016-08-17 Print               The company's "Knights Mill" processor, due next year, is part of the chip maker's larger effort to expand its capabilities in AI and machine learning. SAN FRANCISCO—Intel last week took a significant step in the artificial intelligence space with the planned acquisition of startup Nervana Systems, a move that will give it software designed for the crucial task of machine learning. At the Intel Developer Forum (IDF) here Aug. 17, company officials said they will continue their efforts to make the chip maker's x86 products the foundational silicon for the job of training the neural networks driving the development of artificial intelligence (AI). Diane Bryant, executive vice president and general manager of Intel's Data Center Group, said the company next year will release a new version of its many-core Xeon Phi processors—dubbed "Knights Mill"—which will be crucial in competing with GPUs from Nvidia in the machine-learning (ML) task of training. Intel also got a nod from Chinese internet giant Baidu, which will use the Knights Mill chips in its data centers as part of its "deep speech" platform for its speech recognition efforts. The combination of Knights Mill—a derivative of the current Xeon Phi Knights Landing chip aimed at the AI space—and the presence of Baidu on the IDF stage is another boost for Intel as it looks to gain more traction in the rapidly growing AI and machine learning space, according to Patrick Moorhead, principal analyst with Moor Insights and Strategy. Bryant didn't give much in the way of details about Knights Mill, but Moorhead said the focus on such capabilities as enhanced variable precision means the company is moving in the right direction. Other features for Knights Mill listed by Intel include improved efficiency, flexible and high-capacity memory, and the fact that it's being built for scale-out environments. Having Baidu—part of the group of major hyperscale players that Intel has dubbed the "Super 7" and which also includes such vendors as Google, Facebook, Amazon and Alibaba—come out in support of the effort also was important, he said. "It was the first time Intel has had someone from the Super 7 on stage and talking about AI and ML and Xeon Phi," the analyst told eWEEK. Intel is well-positioned to be the dominant force in the AI and machine learning space, Bryant said. In 2015, 7 percent of all servers were running data analytics workloads. By 2020, more than half will. In addition, 97 percent of all machine-learning tasks run on Intel silicon, she said. Current AI workloads include such jobs as image recognition and fraud detection, but the industry promises huge growth in the coming years. She and other officials also said that those workloads also run best on Intel CPUs. Nidhi Chappell, director of machine learning with Intel's Analytics Platform Group, told eWEEK that the company with its Xeon and Xeon Phi server chips not only has the best silicon for deep learning—a subset of machine learning—but that engineers are ensuring that all the parts of the software stack—much of which is open-source—needed for AI are optimized to run on those chips. In addition, Chappell noted that most machine-learning tasks are linear workloads, which Intel has been processing for decades. "There's nothing inherent about neural networks that lends themselves [to be best used by] GPUs," she said. Page 1 of 2 1 2 Next »           LATEST SERVERS ARTICLES   Microsoft Plans to Build a Quantum Computer Cray, SGI Awarded $52 Million in Federal Supercomputer Contracts IBM, OpenPower Foundation Make Push into Europe GPU's Role in Artificial Intelligence Advances Featured at Conference EMC Shows Its Data Center Strength at Inaugural Dell EMC Conference                 Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend         News and Reviews Slideshows IBM Aims Watson at Embodied Cognition Microsoft Advances 'Any Developer, Any App, Any Platform' Strategy Google Will Tag Frequent Violators of Its Site Safety Standards Intel Lights Up the Sky With New Shooting Star Drone Old School Polling Methods Hid Trump's Popularity With Voters 10 Reasons Not to Buy the Apple MacBo... Apple is scheduled to release the MacBook Pro with Touch Bar mid-No... Watch Now                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
Skip to main content CRN Home Page   The Channel Company Menu Home News Companies Company News CRN CLOSEUPS AT&T AlienVault Commvault Connectwise Juniper Networks Ruckus Wireless Tintri Slideshows Video Blogs Reviews CRN 360 Authentication Cloud Backup & Recovery Cloud Services Cloud Software Cloud Vars Current Threats Cyber Security Endpoint Security Enterprise Opportunities Network Security SD-WAN SMB & Midmarket Opportunities Threat Management Wireless for SMBs How-to Research Lists Events Learning Centers Dell EMC World Special Issue 100 People You Should Know Showcase Cloud Partner Program Guide Showcase Future of Mobility Solutions Cylance Security Learning Center Easy Connect Managed Hybrid Server Center Digital Innovation Together Cloud Security Learning Center Data Fabric Learning Center Security Delivery Platform Learning Center IOT SOLUTION PROVIDER Webroot Learning Center Business Compute Forum StorageCraft Recover-ability Women of the Channel Jobs Technologies Apps & OS Application Development Business Intelligence and Analytics Collaboration and Communications Database and System Software Enterprise Applications Open Source Operating systems SMB Applications Software as a Service Channel Distribution Enterprise Opportunities Mergers and Acquisitions Professional Services SMB/Midmarket Opportunities Vertical Opportunities Cloud Cloud Channel Programs Cloud Infrastructure Cloud Platforms Cloud Security Cloud Software Cloud Storage Cloud VARs Components & Peripherals CPUs/GPUs Digital Signage/Monitors Hard Drives Motherboards Printers White Box Data Center Network/Systems Management Power/Heating and Cooling Servers Internet of Things Managed Services Mobility Desktop/Clients Notebooks Smart phones Tablets Ultrabooks Wearables Networking Routers and Switches Telecom VOIP and Unified Communications Video Wireless Security Access Control Application and Platform Security Current Threats Data Breaches Data Protection Technologies Network Security Threat Management Storage Data Protection/Disaster Recovery Networked Storage Storage Services Storage software Virtualization Holiday Gift Guide 2016: 25 Gadgets That Make Great Gifts For Techies          * Black Friday 2016: Top Laptop, Tablet And PC Deals          * The Top 10 Best-Selling Chromebooks In 2016 Q3          * Black Friday 2016: 25 Best Tech Deals          * CRN Exclusive: HPE CEO Whitman On Cisco's 'Weakness,' the Arista Partner Opportunity, Server Sales Issues, And The Starboard Value Investment In HPE          * Here Are The 8 Best-Selling Networking Switch Brands In Q3 2016          * 12 Things To Know About Presidio's IPO Filing           * The Best And Worst Channel Company Stocks In The Third Quarter Of 2016          * Tweet Intel Developer Forum 2016: The 10 Biggest Technology Announcements byLindsey O'Donnell on August 18, 2016, 2:40 pm EDT Email this CRN article Pages 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 next › last » New Chips, IoT Applications, And More Partners got a taste of the newest technology at this week's Intel Developer Forum in San Francisco – including new desktop processors from both Intel and its rivals, new Internet of Things products, and new Xeon chips for artificial intelligence systems. Overall, IoT made up the majority of the show, with CEO Brian Krzanich stressing the opportunities around connected devices. "The future starts with the Internet of Things… the boundary between digital and physical is eroding toward a world where computing is truly mobile. If you start to count the number of computers in your life today, it is constantly increasing and everything is truly smart and connected," said Krzanich during a keynote. Beyond the Internet of Things, however, there were a number of other product announcements that will make partners applaud. Following are the 10 biggest announcements. Pages 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 next › last » Email this CRN article Featured IN Holiday Gift Guide 2016 Wearable devices, wireless headphones and smart kitchen appliances are among the CRN-recommended gifts for this holiday season. itbestofbreed.com More Clients Shell Out For New Network Equipment, Report Says Talk Back On LinkedIn: Health Insurance Costs Raising Your Blood Pressure? Dell EMC Partners Fear Cuts In Rebates As Unified Channel Program Nears Does The Buyer's Process Block You From A Sale? Blog Roundup: Taking Stock Of IT In Stores Channel Opportunity: Schools' Shift To Personalized Learning Norton Exec Sees Partner Opportunities From Symantec-LifeLock Deal More MORE ABOUT CRN: Latest Issue | Subscribe | Newsletters | Contact | Reprints & Licensing | Media Kit | Site Map | Terms of Service | Privacy Statement | Copyright © 2016 The Channel Company, All rights reserved
Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine More Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About VIRTUAL REALITY Untitled-1 Follow Newsletter sign up Untitled-1 00/00 What the Autumn Statement means for tech, science and UK businesses What the Autumn Statement means for tech, science and UK businesses Politics 4 hours ago Where to find the best Black Friday deals – and even Apple is getting involved this year Where to find the best Black Friday deals – and even Apple is getting involved this year Shopping 6 hours ago Google's AI just created its own universal 'language' Google's AI just created its own universal 'language' Algorithms 11:02 AM EE just filled hundreds of 4G blackspots in the UK overnight EE just filled hundreds of 4G blackspots in the UK overnight 4G 11:16 AM Ditto joins the Pokémon Go ranks as the 'Nearby' tool rolls out more widely Ditto joins the Pokémon Go ranks as the 'Nearby' tool rolls out more widely Pokemon Go 11:46 AM 5G and superfast broadband for all: UK government pledges to help fund the roll-out 5G and superfast broadband for all: UK government pledges to help fund the roll-out High-Speed Broadband 1 day ago Foldscope's origami microscope smashes its Kickstarter target in less than 24 hours Foldscope's origami microscope smashes its Kickstarter target in less than 24 hours Science 1:53 PM The robo 'gym' where Minecraft is being used to train super smart AI The robo 'gym' where Minecraft is being used to train super smart AI Minecraft 12:00 PM These tiny batteries charge phones in seconds and last for a week These tiny batteries charge phones in seconds and last for a week Batteries 12:11 PM Watch McLaren's all-electric P1 being put through its paces Watch McLaren's all-electric P1 being put through its paces Mclaren 11:55 AM This 3D-printed cat tongue reveals how felines 'brush' their fur with Velcro-like spikes This 3D-printed cat tongue reveals how felines 'brush' their fur with Velcro-like spikes Cats 11:02 AM Facebook reportedly built a 'censorship' tool for China Facebook reportedly built a 'censorship' tool for China Facebook 9:04 AM WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for November 23 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for November 23 Technology 6:00 AM This island is powered entirely by solar panels and batteries thanks to SolarCity This island is powered entirely by solar panels and batteries thanks to SolarCity Solar Power 1 day ago DeepMind hits back at criticism of its NHS data-sharing deal DeepMind hits back at criticism of its NHS data-sharing deal NHS 1 day ago AI will soon 'evolve' like humans – and civilisation as we know it will change forever AI will soon 'evolve' like humans – and civilisation as we know it will change forever R&D 1 day ago Cars 3 goes very dark in its first teaser trailer Cars 3 goes very dark in its first teaser trailer Pixar 1 day ago This video could make your iPhone unusable This video could make your iPhone unusable iOS 1 day ago Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About Follow wired sign up to newsletter Top stories What the Autumn Statement means for tech, science and UK businesses What the Autumn Statement means for tech, science and UK businesses Politics 4 hours ago Where to find the best Black Friday deals – and even Apple is getting involved this year Where to find the best Black Friday deals – and even Apple is getting involved this year Shopping 6 hours ago Google's AI just created its own universal 'language' Google's AI just created its own universal 'language' Algorithms 11:02 AM EE just filled hundreds of 4G blackspots in the UK overnight EE just filled hundreds of 4G blackspots in the UK overnight 4G 11:16 AM Ditto joins the Pokémon Go ranks as the 'Nearby' tool rolls out more widely Ditto joins the Pokémon Go ranks as the 'Nearby' tool rolls out more widely Pokemon Go 11:46 AM 5G and superfast broadband for all: UK government pledges to help fund the roll-out 5G and superfast broadband for all: UK government pledges to help fund the roll-out High-Speed Broadband 1 day ago Foldscope's origami microscope smashes its Kickstarter target in less than 24 hours Foldscope's origami microscope smashes its Kickstarter target in less than 24 hours Science 1:53 PM The robo 'gym' where Minecraft is being used to train super smart AI The robo 'gym' where Minecraft is being used to train super smart AI Minecraft 12:00 PM These tiny batteries charge phones in seconds and last for a week These tiny batteries charge phones in seconds and last for a week Batteries 12:11 PM Watch McLaren's all-electric P1 being put through its paces Watch McLaren's all-electric P1 being put through its paces Mclaren 11:55 AM This 3D-printed cat tongue reveals how felines 'brush' their fur with Velcro-like spikes This 3D-printed cat tongue reveals how felines 'brush' their fur with Velcro-like spikes Cats 11:02 AM Facebook reportedly built a 'censorship' tool for China Facebook reportedly built a 'censorship' tool for China Facebook 9:04 AM WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for November 23 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for November 23 Technology 6:00 AM This island is powered entirely by solar panels and batteries thanks to SolarCity This island is powered entirely by solar panels and batteries thanks to SolarCity Solar Power 1 day ago DeepMind hits back at criticism of its NHS data-sharing deal DeepMind hits back at criticism of its NHS data-sharing deal NHS 1 day ago AI will soon 'evolve' like humans – and civilisation as we know it will change forever AI will soon 'evolve' like humans – and civilisation as we know it will change forever R&D 1 day ago Cars 3 goes very dark in its first teaser trailer Cars 3 goes very dark in its first teaser trailer Pixar 1 day ago This video could make your iPhone unusable This video could make your iPhone unusable iOS 1 day ago Virtual Reality Intel launches wireless Project Alloy headset for 'merged reality' The company won't make the headsets but will sell the technologies to other firms By Matt Burgess 17 Aug 2016 By Matt Burgess Wednesday 17 August 2016 Intel The increasingly crowded virtual reality market has a new player. Tech giant Intel has unveiled its take on VR with the launch of Project Alloy. ADVERTISEMENT At the company's developer conference in Silicon Valley, the firm's CEO, Brian Krzanich, showed off the new "all-in-one virtual reality solution". Working in "merged reality" the completely wireless headset aims to combine objects in the real-world with those the wearer sees through their headset. The hardware can sense whether a person is about to walk into a wall and show the approaching object through the internal viewer. Read more VR will allow us to live in another world of our own design VR will allow us to live in another world of our own design By Philip Rosedale The technology also uses internal cameras and motion sensors to allow wearers to see their hands – providing the opportunity for interaction with real objects while they're in virtual worlds. At present the HTC Vive allows for movement control with a whole room set-up and Oculus is working on hand controllers for its Rift device. Intel At the core of Intel's Project Alloy is its RealSense technology. First released in 2014, it is able to 3D scan a room in real-time and has since been used to help service robots navigate buildings. ADVERTISEMENT Read more The WIRED World in 2017 The WIRED World in 2017 By Greg Williams In June, WIRED saw how the technology was being developed for VR; a hand stretched in front of the cameras and sensors could be seen on a digital display and interact with objects in pixellated environment. A hand movement could knock a digital object over, or disrupt the water flow of a digital fountain. Intel isn't the only company developing headsets that bring together the physical and digital worlds. Often called 'mixed reality,' Magic Leap, the secretive US startup, is developing digital overlays for environments and has received more than $2 billion in investments – despite not having released a product. Meanwhile Microsoft is creating HoloLens. Intel said the headset is capable of "a free range of motion with 6 degrees-of-freedom across a large space". And, unlike competitors, the developed device is completely wireless and self-contained; no cords are needed to power or input content to the device. ADVERTISEMENT Those hoping to buy the headset will have to wait for some time as Intel isn't going to make the devices. Instead it will offer Project Alloy as an open hardware platform from next year. This means the company will not be selling the headsets itself but will make the technology available to other manufacturers. The hope from Intel is other companies, specialising in VR and augmented reality hardware, will combine its technologies and parts into their own devices. This is in line with previous company statements saying it isn't going to sell its own headsets. Share this article RECOMMENDED WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for August 17 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for August 17 By WIRED Wired Awake 17 Aug 2016 Bother for bees, predicting crime in Rio: Podcast 281 Bother for bees, predicting crime in Rio: Podcast 281 By WIRED Intel 19 Aug 2016 Google will reportedly launch a new VR headset this year Google will reportedly launch a new VR headset this year By Matthew Reynolds Technology 08 Feb 2016 Nokia OZO VR camera launches in Europe for €55,000 Nokia OZO VR camera launches in Europe for €55,000 By Matthew Reynolds Film 18 Mar 2016 Privacy policy and cookie statement Terms & conditions Careers Contact © Condé Nast UK 2016
GoodGearGuide TwitterFacebookLog In Phones & Tablets Smartphones Tablets & eBook readers Apps Broadband Computers Laptops/Notebooks Desktop PCs Monitors PC Components Networking Printers & Imaging Servers & Storage Software & services Security Gadgets Gadgets Home GPS & Car Tech MP3 Players Headphones Wearables Business Centre Business Centre Home Mobility & Wireless Networking Office Hardware Security Servers & Storage Whitepapers Home Entertainment Home Entertainment TVs Projectors Games Cameras Digital Cameras Digital Video Action Cameras Mirrorless Cameras Cars Shop PC World > News > Intel's new Atom chips for cars and IoT could shed... Intel's new Atom chips for cars and IoT could shed ugly mobile past The next-generation of Atom chips will be detailed at Intel Developer Forum next week Agam Shah (IDG News Service) on 12 August, 2016 03:44 0 - - - - print email Intel's Atom chips are on their way out of mobile devices, and the next generation of the chip line will instead be targeted toward drones, self-driving cars, and IoT devices. The new Atom chips will retain the line's focus on low power consumption, with an emphasis on graphics and visual computing. The chip line, to be announced next week at Intel Developer Forum, will be used to maneuver cars, drones, and robots and to also help them recognize objects. Many Atom mobile and server chips have been on Intel's chopping block. The troubled chip's future now is in the growing markets of IoT and virtual reality. The chips will integrate into devices with the company's 3D RealSense cameras, according to a technical session description at IDF. That points to the chips also being used in low-power virtual reality headsets. Intel will lay out its VR and augmented reality strategy at the developer show, and RealSense is expected to be at the center of many announcements. Intel will show off its own version of Microsoft's HoloLens called Remote EyeSight, a set of head-worn AR smart glasses for remote collaboration. Expect the bread-and-butter products for the new Atom chips to be smart home and industrial IoT devices. The chips, according to the technical session page, will also work in devices with "advanced displays," which could refer to information kiosks or digital advertising displays. Intel declined to comment on the next-generation Atom chips, the details, or the underlying architecture. The chips could be based on the Broxton architecture, conceived by Intel originally as a way to quickly design and release new Atom chips to catch up with market leader ARM in smartphones and tablets. The new chips ensure the survival of the Atom product line, which had an uncertain future. Atom chips for mobile devices were the first on the chopping block after Intel announced plans earlier this year to lay off 12,000 employees and restructure operations to focus on servers, connectivity, IoT, and other areas. However, Intel is still using Atom chips like Sofia -- which it was supposed to cut -- for point-of-sale systems and industrial IoT devices. The Atom architecture called Goldmont will be used in upcoming Celeron and Pentium PC chips code-named Apollo Lake. Those chips were originally based on the same architecture used in high-end Core PC processors. The new Atom chips could go into AC power-connected devices for digital signs, cash registers, and casino gaming machines, said Jim McGregor, principal analyst at Tirias Research. "It won't be for small, battery devices," McGregor said. Intel's done a good job of scaling down the size and power consumption for x86 architecture with Atom, but the chip isn't as power efficient as ARM or MIPS for low-power devices, McGregor said. Atom, in a way, is coming back to embedded devices -- which it was originally designed for -- but an ill-advised mobile route has given the chip a bad name, McGregor said. "They have to rebrand it. There's so much failure around it," McGregor said. The Atom chips were at the forefront of the netbook explosion from 2007 to 2010, then were tweaked for tablets and smartphones. Atom smartphones never really took off, and in a desperate move, Intel in 2014 said it would ship 40 million tablet chips, then hit 46 million chips. But by the time Intel found its groove in tablets, that market started declining. Brand Post Competition: Win a Crucial Ballistix Elite 32GB Kit (4 x 8GB) DDR4-3000 UDIMM valued at $399.95 More from Ballistix Join the PC World newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Our Back to Business guide highlights the best products for you to boost your productivity at home, on the road, at the office, or in the classroom. Keep up with the latest tech news, reviews and previews by subscribing to the Good Gear Guide newsletter. Agam Shah IDG News Service Tweet Print this article Email this article Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Broadband Speed Test Cool Tech Crucial Ballistix Elite 32GB Kit (4 x 8GB) DDR4-3000 UDIMM Learn more > GS63VR Stealth Pro Learn more > Garmin fenix Chronos Learn more > Nighthawk X10 Learn more > 360Fly 4K Camera Learn more > Gadgets & Things Google Daydream View Learn more > Crucial® MX300 Solid State Drive Learn more > Lexar® Professional 1000x microSDHC™/microSDXC™ UHS-II cards Learn more > Arlo Smart Home Security Cameras Learn more > Ehang 184 Learn more > Family Friendly Lexar® JumpDrive® S57 USB 3.0 flash drive  Learn more > Parrot Mambo Drone Learn more > Orbi WiFi System Learn more > Google Pixel XL Learn more > VR ONE 6RE-013AU Learn more > Stocking Stuffer Clamcase for iPad Pro 9.7-inch Learn more > Brother PocketJet Printer Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® C20i flash drive  Learn more > 3SIXT HD Sports Action Camera Learn more > Plox Star Wars Death Star Levitating Bluetooth Speaker Learn more > Christmas Gift Guide Click for more › Most Popular Reviews 1 Apple iPhone 7 Plus review: including Portrait Mode 2 ​Google Daydream View VR full, in-depth review 3 ​Google Pixel XL full, in-depth smartphone review: Phones just got smarter 4 MSI GS70 laptop review 5 Sony Xperia XZ review: turbo-charged last-gen phone Latest News Articles Microsoft's reported LinkedIn concessions don't amount to much ZoneSavvy taps big data to help SMBs find best sites for businesses Voting security experts call on Clinton to demand recount Make companies pay full cost of breaches to restore trust in the internet, says ISOC ​Top 10 best Android and Apple smartphones for under $700 Resources Business Centre The latest business news, reviews, features and whitepapers Online Shop Visit our shop for the best deals on hot products Videos Watch our video news and reviews from around the world Guides Comprehensive buying guides, features, and step-by-step articles GGG Evaluation Team Kathy Cassidy STYLISTIC Q702 First impression on unpacking the Q702 test unit was the solid feel and clean, minimalist styling. Anthony Grifoni STYLISTIC Q572 For work use, Microsoft Word and Excel programs pre-installed on the device are adequate for preparing short documents. Steph Mundell LIFEBOOK UH574 The Fujitsu LifeBook UH574 allowed for great mobility without being obnoxiously heavy or clunky. Its twelve hours of battery life did not disappoint. Andrew Mitsi STYLISTIC Q702 The screen was particularly good. It is bright and visible from most angles, however heat is an issue, particularly around the Windows button on the front, and on the back where the battery housing is located. Simon Harriott STYLISTIC Q702 My first impression after unboxing the Q702 is that it is a nice looking unit. Styling is somewhat minimalist but very effective. The tablet part, once detached, has a nice weight, and no buttons or switches are located in awkward or intrusive positions. Good Gear Guide Evaluation Team Featured Content ​Google Daydream View VR full, in-depth review A 5 Minute Chat With Major Nelson 100 Best things at PAX Australia 2016 so far What's the difference between an Intel Core i3, i5 and i7? Laser vs. inkjet printers: which is better? Latest Jobs Latest Jobs TPSoftware EngineerWA FTService Lifecycle Management LeadVIC FTSalesforce Business AnalystNSW CCMainframe Developer (with ASP.NET)NSW CCSAP Project ManagerNSW FTLotus Notes DeveloperNSW CCSenior Technology SpecialistACT FTBusiness Systems Analyst/Salesforce Developer APEXNSW FTBusiness SpecialistNSW CCGuidewire ArchitectNSW CCChange Management LeadNSW FTDatacentre Solution ArchitectVIC CCMaximo Consultant/AchitectVIC TPBusiness Change ManagerQLD TPFrontend DeveloperNSW FTProduct LeadVIC FTSenior Business Analyst - Wealth ManagementNSW FTProject Manager (HR, Payroll)VIC CCSenior Project Coordinator - Banking/Financial ServicesNSW CCBenefits Realisation Manager / Portfolio ManagerNSW CCTest Lead : Perth BasedSA CCLevel 1 Help Desk - Immediate Start!QLD CCProgram Manager BankingNSW CCBack End DeveloperNSW CCDevOps EngineerNSW Back to top • Home Share this article: Twitter Facebook Google+ Log In Don’t have an account? Sign up here Product Categories Broadband Desktop PCs Digital Cameras Digital Video Gadgets Games GPS & Car Entertainment Headphones Home Appliances Home Entertainment Mobile Phones Monitors MP3 Players Networking Notebooks PC Components Printers & Scanners Projectors Security Servers & Storage Software & Services TVs Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. Copyright 2013 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Disclaimer Popular IDG articles Senator asks FTC to investigate Office Depot PC tech practices computerworld.com.au NTP fixes denial-of-service flaws cso.com.au How to work with millennials cio.com.au Microsoft ISV launches Azure-powered intelligence for mining industry arnnet.com.au Telstra's Kingsmill takes up new post at Virgin Australia cmo.com.au Contact Us Advertise with us Editorial Contacts With over 25 years of brand awareness and credibility, Good Gear Guide (formerly PC World Australia), consistently delivers editorial excellence through award-winning content and trusted product reviews. Username Password Don't have an account? Sign up now Forgot password?
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Intel Corporation Talks Chip Manufacturing Tech Lots of goodies from this chip giant on an important topic. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Aug 18, 2016 at 8:47AM Image source: Intel.  At its annual developer forum, microprocessor giant Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) disclosed quite a lot of information about its current and future chip manufacturing technologies, something that was sorely needed after a long stretch of essentially radio silence. There is a lot of ground to cover here as the presentation that the company gave was packed to the brim with goodies. Let's get to it. Say hello to 14+ One topic that Intel talked about was the development of "derivative technologies" based on current manufacturing technologies. These derivative technologies, according to Intel, are "becoming more common to enhance performance and/or expand feature set." The first such derivative technology that Intel is announcing (or, at the very least, bothering to brand for investors' sake) is 14+. This is a technology that includes enhancements to both the transistor as well as the metal stack to yield a performance improvement of 12%. This process is what the company's upcoming Kaby Lake family of processors as well as, I assume, the company's second generation of 14-nanometer server processors slated for launch in 2017, will be built on. Three waves of 10-nanometer Intel says that there will be three waves of its future 10-nanometer technology: 10, 10+, and 10++. These, the company says, will "support multiple new leading-edge products." This means that even though Intel will be "stuck" on its 10-nanometer technology for three product generations, the company should be able to wring out additional manufacturing-related performance enhancements on top of product-level architectural improvements. Intel claims significant density advantage over competition One metric that Intel has talked quite a lot about is the logic area density of its manufacturing technologies relative to competing technologies from Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Corporation (NYSE:TSM) and Samsung Electronics (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF). The idea is that the more tightly a company can pack transistors (what chips are made of), the more features and functionality it can cram into a fixed chip area. Here's the slide that Intel showed comparing its technologies with those from its competition: Image source: Intel. According to the company, its 14-nanometer technology -- using the metric of transistor gate pitch multiplied by logic cell height -- is a little less dense than competitors' upcoming 10-nanometer manufacturing technologies. Intel's own 10-nanometer technology, per this comparison, will be dramatically ahead of the competition in this metric (though it's worth noting that Intel's 10-nanometer technology should come a bit later than the competitions'). Although I believe that Intel will be able to maintain a solid transistor density lead over Samsung, the competitive picture vis-à-vis TSMC is a little less clear. Though it is true that Intel's 10-nanometer should be quite a bit denser than TSMC's 10-nanometer, TSMC has indicated that it will transition to its 7-nanometer technology in the first half of 2018. TSMC claims that its 7-nanometer technology will bring both performance and area enhancements relative to 10-nanometer, so I expect the gap, at the very least with respect to transistor area, to narrow relative to Intel's 10-nanometer technology. Whether TSMC closes the gap or not, remains to be seen. I suspect, though, that any sustained advantage that Intel will be able to build over TSMC won't necessarily be in terms of transistor area but, instead, in transistor performance as the company iterates through its 10, 10+, and 10++ technologies. What does this mean for the business?  At the end of the day, it's Intel's job to build compelling products for the various markets that it serves. Yearly performance improvements in manufacturing technology should allow the company to release better and faster products each year, allowing it to gain share in new areas (such as the Internet of Things and networking) while defending its position in areas where it's already strong (personal computers, servers).  Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Aug 18, 2016 at 8:47AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing NYSE:TSM $29.86 down $0.05 (-0.17%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $35.16 down $0.33 (-0.92%) Samsung NASDAQOTH:SSNLF $1,250.00 no change (0.00%) Read More Which of These Companies Could Buy InvenSense? Intel Corporation Begins Shipping Samples of Beastly Skylake-X Gaming Chip 1 Way Qualcomm Inc. Is Leaving Intel Corporation in the Dust Intel Corporation's Internet of Things Business Delivers Strong Growth What’s Next for Intel Corporation's Big Deep-Learning Buy Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Intel to put its brand on Stratix 10, ship by the end of the year Intel CEO Brian Krzanich also addressed "concerns" about Intel's acquisition of Altera. By Stephanie Condon for Between the Lines | August 18, 2016 -- 19:01 GMT (12:01 PDT) | Topic: Data Centers Krzanich believes cloud and connected devices to be the future of Intel Image: AP/Intel Fresh off of Intel's acquisition of Altera, Intel CEO Brian Krzanich on Thursday said that Intel plans to put its brand on the Stratix 10 FPGA processor, making it the first of Intel's 14nm silicon technologies. Who really owns your Internet of Things data? In a world where more and more objects are coming online and vendors are getting involved in the supply chain, how can you keep track of what's yours and what's not? Read More "It's going better than expected, and we're confident we're going to ship to customers by the end of this year," Krzanich said at the Intel Developer Forum in San Francisco. Noting that the Stratix 10 delivers up to 10 teraflops of single precision floating point performance, he added, "This thing is a beast." Krzanich stressed that FPGAs will be central to the Internet of Things (IoT) ecosystem as workloads like machine learning and packet management become more important. "Putting the software down onto the silicon and using the FPGA as an accelerator of these workloads is critical," he said. The CEO also addressed the "four concerns" he hears about regarding the Altera acquisition. First, he said that Intel is "absolutely committed" to the FPGA business and plans to grow the business within Altera at an even faster rate than it's currently growing. He also stressed that Intel can support long product life cycles. Next, Krzanich promised that customers' level of service will not change, noting that Altera will remain a separate business group, with separate sales and support. At the same time, he said Altera will be able to "leverage all the assets of Intel" and is benefiting from a "good cross-pollination of engineers and technologists." Lastly, he said he is taking a "very pragmatic" approach to products built on ARM cores. "I'm about providing customers what they need," he said. "I can commit to you... any product built on an ARM core will continue as long as that ARM core is what's required to win the business and build the product." IDF 2016 Intel lays out its 5G, IoT strategy Intel CEO Brian Krzanich unveils Project Alloy Microsoft fleshes out its Windows 10 mixed-reality roadmap Intel, ARM forge foundry partnership in bet on manufacturing prowess Microsoft extends again support for Windows 7, 8.1 Skylake-based devices Intel taking its six-core processors mainstream in 2018 Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Cloud Rackspace is opening a new data centre in Germany Cloud The cloud price war continues: Amazon cuts its cloud storage prices, again Networking Macom buys Applied Micro for $770 million, plans to sell ARM server chip unit Cloud Japan, Australia among four new Alibaba cloud data centres × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
ARN - Australian Reseller News News All News Government Products Round Table yARN 5 for 15 Tech Technologies 3D Printing Apps Cloud Computing Datacentre Mobile Solutions MSP Networking PC and Components Products/Reviews Security Social Networking Storage Software Tech Hive Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Windows 8 Central Markets Green Channel Market Watch Retail Services SMB Market Events Upcoming events View all events Resources Resources ARN Library Microsites Webinars Videos Contacts Brand Posts e-Mags Email the Editor Jobs Media Releases Slideshows Subscribe to print Subscribe online Subscribe to IDG Publications Directories Distributor Directory Find distributors by name | vendor | location Vendor Directory Find vendors by name | category Deals Contact APC Partner Hub Sign in/Subscribe Existing Member Username Password Forgot password? Join ARN Sign up to gain exclusive access to email subscriptions, event invitations, competitions, giveaways, and much more. Sign up now Menu ARN 3 things to know about Softbank's plan to acquire ARM 3 things to know about Softbank's plan to acquire ARM It won't affect the iPhone, but it'll speed up technology development and lead to cheaper chips Agam Shah (IDG News Service) 19 July, 2016 02:23 - - - - print email Distributors ACA Pacific Alloys Australasian PC Distributors (APCD) Avnet Technology Solutions Bluechip Infotech BMS Technology Com1 International Dicker Data Dynamic Supplies Impact Systems Technology Ingram Micro Australia Leader Computers Multimedia Technology Samsung Communications Synnex Topstar Computer International Wholesale IT XiT Distribution Comments Since the release of the iPhone, ARM's chip designs have driven a mobile revolution. The small chip company has brought giants like Intel to their knees in the realm of mobile phones and tablets, and now it's on the verge of being acquired by Softbank for a stunning US$32 billion. You may not know it, but outside of PCs ARM is in almost every device we use, from smartphones to TVs to home appliances. It licenses chip designs to manufacturers, and over the last 25 years, over 90 billion ARM-designed chips have gone into devices. ARM will continue designing processors for various segments of the computing industry after the acquisition, but investments will go up and product development will be faster, said Simon Segars, CEO of ARM, in a video. Here are three immediate things you need to know about the deal. Your iPhone or iPad won't be affected Apple's A-series smartphone chips for the iPhone and iPad are based on ARM architecture. Apple will look at the proposed acquisition closely with regard to their mobile chip future, but it will likely retain ARM architecture. For ARM, Apple has been a marquee customer that can highlight the chip architecture's capabilities. But Apple also has nowhere else to go now that Intel -- which was ARM's major mobile competitor -- has quit making mobile processors. An alternative is the struggling MIPS architecture, whose owner, Imagination Technologies, is reportedly up for sale, but it's doubtful Apple would make that choice. ARM processor designs are also in smartphones from top vendors like Samsung, LG and others. None of them should be affected by the deal. "I'm not expecting any changes because many of their contracts are long-term, tied to specific architectures and products," said Patrick Moorhead, principal analyst at Moor Insights and Strategy. Faster technology development, and cheaper chips and devices After the acquisition, ARM CEO Segars said the company "will do more, we'll do it faster, and we'll do it with a greater degree of investment." That's bad news for Intel, which will suddenly have to contend with a chip company with big financial backing. That competition could lead to faster chip development and cheaper processors, like what happened for PCs and servers when competition between Intel and AMD was at its peak. A big reason Softbank acquired ARM was to expand in the internet of things; Intel laid off 12,000 employees to refocus on IoT and data center products. Cheaper chips could bring down prices for IoT devices and servers, said Jim McGregor, principal analyst at Tirias Research. ARM could also scale up development of wireless modems and sensor technology and add much-needed resources to chase servers, a market Intel dominates, McGregor said. Read more Sony Xperia X Performance review: You deserve a lot more phone for $999 ARM has tried to avoid PCs, a market that is declining. But its chip designs are being used in maker boards like Raspberry Pi and BeagleBone. No Brexit effect Softbank is a Japanese company, but ARM's operations will remain centered in the U.K. The chip designer has 1,600 employees in the U.K., and it will double that head count over the next five years. That's a show of faith in the U.K., which has voted to exit the European Union and has recently suffered currency fluctuations. ARM will also expand operations worldwide after the acquisition, and will be hiring in other countries. ARM has big operations in U.S., China and Taiwan. Read more: Is this the best value phone on the market? Moto G4 Plus review Brand Post Help Your Customers Avoid 39% Print Cost Increases More from Brother Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Join the ARN newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags businessmobile Read next UXC Oxygen hooks up with SAP for public sector Hybris Dicker Data and Quest strike A/NZ distribution deal Channel combines as QNAP World Tour hits Aussie shores Channel Deals Transition Systems Australia Tely HD Pro & Wireless Audiopod Read more ARN Distributor Directory Find distributors by name - vendor - location ARN Vendor Directory Find vendors by name - category Slideshows Channel combines as QNAP World Tour hits Aussie shores Network storage vendor QNAP brought its world tour to Australian shores with stops in Sydney and Melbourne. More than 200 distributors, resellers and MSPs were invited to the Australian Partner Appreciation dinner and exclusive solution preview night at Park Hyatt Sydney and Grand Hyatt Melbourne. The events featured presentations on the company’s roadmap for 2017 and partner awards. Photos courtesy of QNAP. Channel combines as QNAP World Tour hits Aussie shores ​Opening the door to data centre change in Australia With a growing appetite for innovation and digital transformation, Australia sits on the cusp of significant disruption in the data centre. But as the channel seeks to keep up, keep innovating and keep growing, where should partners place their bets? This exclusive ARN roundtable challenges tradition and outlines opportunity, assessing where battles will be won and lost as the channel opens the door to data centre change. Photos by Maria Stefina. ​Opening the door to data centre change in Australia NetApp honours leading trans-Tasman partners ​NetApp unveiled the winners of its inaugural Australia and New Zealand Partner Awards at a gala dinner in Sydney. NetApp honours leading trans-Tasman partners iasset.com is a channel management ecosystem that automates all major aspects of the entire sales, marketing and service process, including data tracking, integrated learning, knowledge management and product lifecycle management. Related Whitepapers D-Link Case Study: A Reliable and Robust Campuswide Network Solution at a Reasonable Cost How to Plan For Disaster Recovery Build vs. Buy: Calculate the TCO of BDR Annual ITSP Benchmarking Study Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Broadcom eyes Brocade acquisition   Copyright 2016 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | Computerworld Australia | CIO Australia | CMO Australia | CSO Online | Techworld | CIO Executive Council Links: Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] | Advertising | Books | Downloads Latest News 05:00AM Donald Trump tells Tim Cook to build iPhones in the USA 06:00AM Microsoft ISV launches Azure-powered intelligence for mining industry 03:59PM Key resellers signed on as Mellanox pushes into enterprise 03:21PM Freshtel to take Field Solutions Group in multimillion-dollar merger More News ​Why Microsoft will thrive and Oracle will struggle to survive in the cloud Data#3 told to pay former employee thousands over discrimination claim 29 Nov Veritas Vibe with Microsoft - Melbourne 01 Dec Veritas Vibe with Microsoft - Webinar 31 May World Business Forum Sydney 2017 View all events Upcoming ARN ICT Industry Awards ARN ICT Industry Awards EDGE 2016 EDGE 2016 Women in ICT Awards Women in ICT Awards Emerging Leaders 2016 Emerging Leaders 2016
News Analysis Back A Week in Wireless Interviews Opinion Video 5G World TV Intelligence Back About Intelligence White Papers Industry Survey Reports Magazines Polls Webinars Back Current Webinars Webinar Archive Awards Resource Centre Back View all companies Add your company My Resource Centre Packages About Jobs More Back About Us Get our newsletter Media Information Event Calendar Press Releases Contact Us 4G/LTE 4K/8K Video 5G BSS/OSS Cloud Apps Digital Transformation IoT Network Security NFV SDN Test & Measurement UBB News Analysis Back A Week in Wireless Interviews Opinion Video 5G World TV Intelligence Back About Intelligence White Papers Industry Survey Reports Magazines Polls Webinars Back Current Webinars Webinar Archive Awards Resource Centre Back View all companies Add your company My Resource Centre Packages About Jobs More Back About Us Get our newsletter Media Information Event Calendar Press Releases Contact Us 4G/LTE 4K/8K Video 5G BSS/OSS Cloud Apps Digital Transformation IoT Network Security NFV SDN Test & Measurement UBB Telecoms.com news Wind River launches tool to help cope with flood of IoT devices Written by Jamie Davies 17 August 2016 @ 10:50 Wind River has bolstered its capabilities in the IoT segment with the launch of its latest device lifecycle management platform. One of the challenges faced by engineers when addressing IoT is the task of connecting and managing devices remotely, mainly due to the sheer number of devices which are expected to be in operation over the next few years. Wind River’s Helix Device Cloud, which has been billed as a family wide collaboration, bringing in expertise from Intel Security and the Services business unit, which it claims will enable operators to track device status and content, share data among engineers, and determine in real-time when updates are needed. “The latest release of Device Cloud is a result of dedication, collaboration and innovation across multiple organizations within the Intel family, including Wind River, Intel Security Group, and Intel Services Division,” said Santhosh Nair, IoT Business Leader at Wind River. “This multi-disciplinary team brought together a unique set of skills necessary to solve the tough challenges associated with IoT device management. The result is a differentiated product that is uniquely positioned in the increasingly competitive IoT market. “The IoT vision is quickly becoming reality, as more and more enterprises seek to unlock the value of the data generated by their everyday operations. Utilizing Device Cloud, device manufacturers and IoT solution providers can accelerate device deployment and close a critical gap in IoT operations: ensuring that the devices enterprises depend on are performing as expected.” The new offering is backing the rapid growth of IoT, and the struggles of organizations to deploy, monitor, manage, service, update, and decommission these devices on such a scale. Remote lifecycle management will become an important part of the IoT mix as it will enable engineers to reduce development costs, accelerate deployment timelines, and free resources up to work on business-specific features. When you have thousands or millions of devices in the field, the ability to remotely diagnose and repair devices becomes crucial if IoT is to be commercially successful. Statista estimates the number of IoT devices worldwide will exceed 50 billion by 2020, presenting a significant maintenance problem considering the wide range of environments which are being considered. A remote management system would be paramount to the efficiency and ultimate success of any IoT deployment, with Wind River making some early moves here. 2016 is proving to be an active year for Wind River in the IoT space, as the company has made numerous updates to the offering, as well as announcing a couple of partnerships focused on edge-computing. Back in January Wind River and IBM announced a new partnership to accelerate the development of connected devices in both organizations. As part of the agreement, the pair aim to bring ‘edge-to-cloud’ recipes for customers which blends Watson IoT Cloud Platform with products from the Helix portfolio. Wind River has also been making moves into the autonomous vehicles arena launching the Helix Cockpit, with various features including a connectivity framework help to extend and bridge the car experience to the cloud. Tags: Intel, IOT, Lifecycle Management, Wind River Mobile Networks / IoT and M2M Smart IoT Internet of Things World Leave a comment Cancel reply Connect with: -or- Log in with your Telecoms.com account Alternatively, post a comment by completing the form below: Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <strike> <strong> Related Content Telia’s ‘talking cars’ set to drive operators into IoT pole position HPE execs manage to keep straight face during expert spin class Nokia UAE tie up shows drones are no gimmick Telefónica turns the lights off to cut debt Webinars View all Progress Report: Where are the CSPs with the Digital Service Provider transformation? 15 November 2016 White Papers View all Network maintenance evolution and best practices for NFV assurance Share 1 day ago The African Market Outlook 2016 Share 8 days ago Multi-billion dollar market opportunities may be lost unless Next Generation Broadband meets Seven Key Challenges Share 8 days ago Events View all Japan Internet Week 2016 29 November - 02 December 2016 View Event Carrier Network Virtualization 06-08 December 2016 View Event Smart Cities Summit 06-07 December 2016 View Event Polls View all Which cloud provider has impressed you most over the last six months? AWS Microsoft Azure Google Cloud IBM Other  Loading ... Twitter View all RT @AllAboutCom: .@telecoms joined #AfricaCom in #CapeTown, where we talked #energy provisioning, rural #connectivity and SA cuisine: https 23 November 2016 @ 18:42:30 UTC RT @jamie_informa: We asked @telecoms readers which #cloud provider impressed them the most over the last six months https://t.co/Yf08W5OP0E 23 November 2016 @ 18:41:35 UTC Address: Telecoms.com, 5 Howick Place, London, UK, SW1P 1WG ©Telecoms.com 2016. All rights reserved. Privacy & Cookies About Us Contact Us Advertise with us Connect with us: Websites are now required by law to gain your consent before applying cookies. We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. Parts of the website may not work as expected without them. By closing or ignoring this message, you are consenting to our use of cookies. X
null
News Analysis Back A Week in Wireless Interviews Opinion Video 5G World TV Intelligence Back About Intelligence White Papers Industry Survey Reports Magazines Polls Webinars Back Current Webinars Webinar Archive Awards Resource Centre Back View all companies Add your company My Resource Centre Packages About Jobs More Back About Us Get our newsletter Media Information Event Calendar Press Releases Contact Us 4G/LTE 4K/8K Video 5G BSS/OSS Cloud Apps Digital Transformation IoT Network Security NFV SDN Test & Measurement UBB News Analysis Back A Week in Wireless Interviews Opinion Video 5G World TV Intelligence Back About Intelligence White Papers Industry Survey Reports Magazines Polls Webinars Back Current Webinars Webinar Archive Awards Resource Centre Back View all companies Add your company My Resource Centre Packages About Jobs More Back About Us Get our newsletter Media Information Event Calendar Press Releases Contact Us 4G/LTE 4K/8K Video 5G BSS/OSS Cloud Apps Digital Transformation IoT Network Security NFV SDN Test & Measurement UBB Telecoms.com news Intel Foundry bows to the inevitable by embracing ARM physical IP Written by Scott Bicheno 17 August 2016 @ 11:43 Chip giant Intel has put an end to decades of trying to beat UK chip designer ARM at its own game by announcing it will be optimizing its 10 nm manufacturing process for ARM-based chips. Historically Intel has made good margin from manufacturing its own chips – primarily those used in PCs and servers – in very expensive specialised plants referred to as fabs. But with the PC market in slow decline it seems Intel no longer needs so much fab capacity for its own products and is looking to take on the likes of TSMC and Samsung in the third-party foundry game, which encompasses pretty much the whole mobile market including Qualcomm and Apple. One of the main ways we have been able to extract ever more performance from ever smaller pieces of silicon is the continual shrinking of the manufacturing process, which refers to the size of each individual transistor in the chip. The next major process shrink is to 10 nm and if Intel is serious about becoming a major foundry player it needs to be competitive at this level. Intel has poured billions into becoming a mobile chip player but has never been able to overcome the advantages ARM’s architecture has over its own when it comes to power efficiency – a critical issue in the mobile space. So strong is ARM’s position that even parity would probably never have been enough for Intel and it’s hard to see how any foundry could be competitive without being optimised for ARM physical IP, which is a library of information ARM offers to help with the manufacturing of its chip designs. “Our 10 nm design platform for foundry customers will now offer access to ARM Artisan physical IP, including POP IP, based on the most advanced ARM cores and Cortex series processors,” said co-GM of Intel Custom Foundry Zane Ball. “Optimizing this technology for Intel’s 10 nm process means that foundry customers can take advantage of the IP to achieve best-in-class PPA (power, performance, area) for power-efficient, high-performance implementations of their designs for mobile, IoT and other consumer applications.” “Today’s announcement represents what we expect to be a long-term, mutually beneficial partnership with Intel Custom Foundry,” said GM of ARM’s Physical Design Group Will Abbey. “One of the strengths and differentiators of the Artisan platform is the availability of ARM core-optimized IP – what we call ARM PO technology. The value of POP technology for an ARM core on the Intel 10nm process is tremendous, as it will allow for quicker knowledge transfer, enabling customers to lower their risk in implementing the most advanced ARM cores on Intel’s leading-edge process technology. “Additionally, POP technology enables silicon partners to accelerate the implementation and tape-outs of their ARM-based designs. The initial POP IP will be for two future advanced ARM Cortex-A processor cores designed for mobile computing applications in either ARM big.LITTLE or stand-alone configurations.” Telecoms.com spoke to Sravan Kundojjala, Analyst at Strategy Analytics, to get his take on the news. “This is a smart move by Intel to take on TSMC, Samsung LS and Global Foundries, and the foundry business has good margins, with TSMC operating margin at around 35%,” he said. “The LG and Spreadtrum mobile foundry deals will help Intel fill its fabs in the face of declining PC sales and if successful the company could even land orders from Qualcomm, Apple and MediaTek. “Between 2011 and 2015 Intel spent approximately $15 billion on mobile R&D and approximately $3.5 billion on mobile-related acquisitions without much to show for it, so the latest move could provide a much needed boost to Intel’s mobile ambitions. TSMC and Samsung LSI are likely to beat Intel to market in 10 nm by 5-6 months but Intel could offer a credible foundry alternative.” As Kundojjala said Intel has already announced some foundry deals on the back of this move, including LG, which will start making its own mobile SoCs in partnership with Intel, following the trend established by Apple, Samsung and Huawei, who license ARM designs to make their own chips. Six months seems like a substantial lag in the fast-moving mobile market, however, so Intel will need to compete strongly on price and service too. The announcement came on the opening day of Intel’s annual developer forum – IDF – at which there was several other juicy morsels well covered by Light Reading’s Brian Santo at the event. Among the big announcements were a couple of Virtual Reality initiatives and new NFV collaborations with AT&T and NEC. To some extent this move is also an admission by Intel that ARM is likely to dominate IoT devices in much the same way it has mobile. If anything ARM should be even stronger in IoT as it designs chips all the way down to the simplest microcontrollers and Softbank is betting on exactly that. The IoT boom should yield a lot of foundry business and, regardless of its own chip ambitions, Intel needs to support ARM if it wants some of it. Tags: ARM, chip, featured, foundry, Intel, SoC Leave a comment Cancel reply Connect with: -or- Log in with your Telecoms.com account Alternatively, post a comment by completing the form below: Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <strike> <strong> Related Content EE sends unsolicited Christmas letter to its competitors EU launches initiative to challenge Silicon Valley’s start-up culture UK in £1 billion fibre and 5G lottery - ENTER NOW! Ofcom fudges spectrum decision with token BTEE auction sanction Webinars View all Progress Report: Where are the CSPs with the Digital Service Provider transformation? 15 November 2016 White Papers View all Network maintenance evolution and best practices for NFV assurance Share 1 day ago The African Market Outlook 2016 Share 8 days ago Multi-billion dollar market opportunities may be lost unless Next Generation Broadband meets Seven Key Challenges Share 8 days ago Events View all Japan Internet Week 2016 29 November - 02 December 2016 View Event Carrier Network Virtualization 06-08 December 2016 View Event Smart Cities Summit 06-07 December 2016 View Event Polls View all Which cloud provider has impressed you most over the last six months? AWS Microsoft Azure Google Cloud IBM Other  Loading ... Twitter View all RT @AllAboutCom: .@telecoms joined #AfricaCom in #CapeTown, where we talked #energy provisioning, rural #connectivity and SA cuisine: https 23 November 2016 @ 18:42:30 UTC RT @jamie_informa: We asked @telecoms readers which #cloud provider impressed them the most over the last six months https://t.co/Yf08W5OP0E 23 November 2016 @ 18:41:35 UTC Address: Telecoms.com, 5 Howick Place, London, UK, SW1P 1WG ©Telecoms.com 2016. All rights reserved. Privacy & Cookies About Us Contact Us Advertise with us Connect with us: Websites are now required by law to gain your consent before applying cookies. We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. Parts of the website may not work as expected without them. By closing or ignoring this message, you are consenting to our use of cookies. X
Home Contact Advertise About RSS @PowerPage @JasonOGrady Intel licenses ARM to use chip manufacturing capacity Posted by: Chris Barylick Date: Wednesday, August 17th, 2016, 05:47 Category: Hardware, Intel, News, Processors Tweet Intel has announced that it’s licensing technology from rival ARM Holdings Plc. The two chipmakers unveiled the agreement Tuesday at the Intel Developer Forum in San Francisco. The accord will let Intel offer third-party semiconductor companies its most advanced 10-nanometer production lines for manufacturing the complex chips usually used in smartphones. Intel, which receives most of its profits from its processor business, has failed to gain ground in the emerging smartphone market, which until now has been dominated by ARM. Under Chief Executive Officer Brian Krzanich, Intel is trying to persuade other chipmakers to use its factories for their production. Adding licenses for ARM’s technology could open up that business to fabricating chips based on those designs for companies such as Qualcomm Inc. and Apple Inc., which now have their chips produced by Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. and others. The move comes as the PC market continues to decline alongside the server-chip market has begun to slow. The company has begun offering foundry services and outsourced manufacturing. Indicating that those fortunes may be changing, Intel announced that LG Electronics Inc., South Korea’s second-biggest phone maker behind Samsung Electronics Co., will use Intel’s foundry business to manufacture 10 nanometer mobile-phone parts. In short, if you have capacity to sell, it doesn’t hurt to put it on the market. Via Bloomberg Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) More Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Related Recent Posts iOS developer creates functional version of "Doom" for the Touch Bar Apple hints at Black Friday retail sales event, begins releasing details Rumor: Apple has disbanded its wireless router division, reassigned personnel to more profitable product groups Apple launches free repair program for iPhone 6s users experiencing random shutdowns Apple possibly throttling data transfer speeds on certain iPhone 7 models Logging In... Leave a Reply Cancel reply Search Recent Posts Apple hints at Black Friday retail sales event, begins releasing details iOS developer creates functional version of “Doom” for the Touch Bar Apple launches free repair program for iPhone 6s users experiencing random shutdowns Rumor: Apple has disbanded its wireless router division, reassigned personnel to more profitable product groups Apple possibly throttling data transfer speeds on certain iPhone 7 models November 2016 M T W T F S S « Oct       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   « Previous Post Next Post » Copyright © 1995- Jason D. O'Grady. All rights reserved. O'Grady's PowerPage is a No Beige Production. PowerPage.org | OGrady.com | Action Landscaping Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Search for: About DCK Data Center World Subscribe Events Training Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content Companies White Papers Regions Infrastructure Design Power Cooling Green Modular Data Centers DCIM InfoCenter Servers Downtime Networking Sectors Cloud Computing Big Data Bitcoin Executive Government Supercomputing / HPC Managed Hosting Colocation Storage DCIM InfoCenter Webcasts Industry Perspectives Data Center Knowledge Top Trending Articles Previous Article Cisco Shares Fall After CRN Report of as Many as 14,000 Job Cuts Next Article Intel Rolls Out First Silicon Photonics Products for Data Center Networks Diane Bryant, executive vice president and general manager of Intel's Data Center Group (Photo: Intel) Blades, HPC, Infrastructure, Intel Intel Building Next-Gen Xeon Phi for Artificial Intelligence by Yevgeniy Sverdlik  on August 17, 2016 Add Your Comments Tweet Intel is designing the next-generation chip in its line of supercomputer processors to power artificial intelligence. Code-named Knights Mill, the next processor in the Xeon Phi family is expected to be available in 2017, the company said Wednesday. Diane Bryant, executive VP and general manager of Intel’s Data Center Group, made the announcement at the Intel Developers Forum in San Francisco. As tech giants like Google, Facebook, and Microsoft, as well as Elon Musk’s non-profit OpenAI, are investing enormous sums of money in AI research, fighting tooth-and-nail to attract top minds in the field, a battle to supply hardware for the software those minds will create is nascent. In this battle, Intel is up against the likes of Nvidia, whose GPUs are a popular way to deploy algorithms for machine learning (a common type of AI technology), and the tech giants themselves. Google has developed a custom processor for its machine learning applications on its own, saying nothing was available on the market that met its performance and price requirements. Read more: Google Has Built Its Own Custom Chip for AI Servers Intel has a different set of concerns than Google does when designing its processors for machine learning. It wants to create a general-purpose chip that will support machine learning and other workloads, Charles Wuischpard, VP of the Data Center Group, said on a call with reporters in June, which was the first time the company discussed its AI chip strategy publicly. While he had little familiarity with Google’s Tensor Processing Unit, Wuischpard said it appeared to be a highly specialized part designed for a specific workload. Another big part of Intel’s AI chip strategy is to make it scale out rather than up. The latter is the most common architecture for machine learning, he said, which makes it difficult to scale. Knights Mill “is optimized for scale-out analytics implementations, and will include key enhancements for deep learning training,” Intel said in a statement Wednesday. Previous Article Cisco Shares Fall After CRN Report of as Many as 14,000 Job Cuts Next Article Intel Rolls Out First Silicon Photonics Products for Data Center Networks Tweet Get Daily Email News from DCK!Subscribe now and get our special report, "The World's Most Unique Data Centers." Email* Country* Please select United States United Kingdom Canada India Netherlands Australia South Africa France Germany Singapore Sweden Brazil -------------- Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil Brit/Indian Ocean Terr. Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Dem. Republic Of Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Terr. Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar United Kingdom Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard/McDonald Isls. Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea (North) Korea (South) Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar N. Mariana Isls. Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Samoa San Marino Sao Tome/Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia and Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovak Republic Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka St. Helena St. Pierre and Miquelon St. Vincent and Grenadines Sudan Suriname Svalbard/Jan Mayen Isls. Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks/Caicos Isls. Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United States US Minor Outlying Is. Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands (British) Virgin Islands (U.S.) Wallis/Futuna Isls. Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Enter your email to receive messages about offerings by Penton, its brands, affiliates and/or third-party partners, consistent with Penton's Privacy Policy. About the Author Yevgeniy Sverdlik (1258 Posts) San Francisco-based business and technology journalist. Editor in chief at Data Center Knowledge, covering the global data center industry. Related Stories Blades Intel Wants to Make Machine Learning Scalable by Yevgeniy Sverdlik on June 20, 2016 Says big GPU-filled boxes for machine learning are inefficient Read More HPC Intel Flashes 10nm Nexg-Gen Xeon Phi at Year’s Big Supercomputing Show by John Rath on November 19, 2014 Supercomputer chips will use Omni-Path interconnect technology, Intel claims is faster than InfiniBand Read More HPC Intel’s Next-Gen Xeon Phi (Knights Landing) to Use Silicon Photonics by John Rath on June 24, 2014 With new interconnect and high-bandwidth memory technology, Intel claims this will be the first serious step toward exascale Read More Cooling Artificial Intelligence: A New Frontier in Data Center Innovation by Rich Miller on June 6, 2014 Google isn't the first company to use artificial intelligence to fine-tune its server infrastructure. Its work is the latest in a series of initiatives to create an electronic "data center brain" that can analyze IT infrastructure. Read More HPC Intel Advances Technical Computing With New Xeon Phi Products by John Rath on June 17, 2013 Intel continued to fuel its growth in technical computing Monday, with big announcements of new Xeon Phi products, and that its E5-2600 v2 processor product family and Phi coprocessors have helped catapult China's Tianhe-2 into the new number one position in the world for supercomputers. Read More Add Your Comments Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (required) (will not be published) Website Get Daily Email News from DCK! Email* Country* Please select United States United Kingdom Canada India Netherlands Australia South Africa France Germany Singapore Sweden Brazil -------------- Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil Brit/Indian Ocean Terr. Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Dem. Republic Of Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Terr. Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar United Kingdom Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard/McDonald Isls. Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea (North) Korea (South) Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar N. Mariana Isls. Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Samoa San Marino Sao Tome/Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia and Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovak Republic Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka St. Helena St. Pierre and Miquelon St. Vincent and Grenadines Sudan Suriname Svalbard/Jan Mayen Isls. Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks/Caicos Isls. Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United States US Minor Outlying Is. Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands (British) Virgin Islands (U.S.) Wallis/Futuna Isls. Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Enter your email to receive messages about offerings by Penton, its brands, affiliates and/or third-party partners, consistent with Penton's Privacy Policy. Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google Plus RSS Feeds Featured Cloud Articles Cold Storage in the Cloud: Comparing AWS, Google, Microsoft Top Cloud Providers Made $11B on IaaS in 2015, but It’s Only the Beginning Featured Cooling Articles Dell Designs Custom Liquid Cooling System for eBay Data Centers Yahoo Wants to Sell Its ‘Chicken Coop’ Data Center Designs Archived Articles Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 Inside DCK About Us Advertise Staff Contact Us Submit News Submit Guest Column Site Map Hot Topics DCIM News Downtime HPC / Supercomputing Facebook Apple Microsoft Google Northern Virginia New York Silicon Valley North Carolina News Channels White Papers Events Calendar Virtualization Consolidation Open Compute Internet of Things Storage Convergence Disaster Recovery Managed Hosting Content Delivery Site Selection Investing Stay Connected Daily Email Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Data Center Videos Humor Webinars Hosting and Cloud Web Hosting Talk HostingCon WHIR Hosting Catalog Hottest Hosts Data Center Data Center Knowledge Data Center World AFCOM Web Development Hot Scripts DB Forums Performance Marketing ABestWeb Consumer Tech Windows Secrets Overclockers Mac Forums Penton Privacy Policy Terms of Services Advertise Hosting By: LiquidWeb Powered by Penton Copyright © Penton Thank you Thank you for providing feedback. We receive a lot of feedback/requests so we cannot always respond immediately. We will do our best to respond to your feedback.
  Virtualization Server Hardware Server Software Open Source Data Center Management Server Operating Systems About Us Server News Tutorials Server Trends Reviews Server Topics Slideshows Newsletter Sign-Up Virtualization Server Hardware Server Software Open Source Data Center Management Server Operating Systems Power and Cooling More Serverwatch.com Server News Read more on "Server Hardware Spotlight" » RECOMMENDED MOST POPULAR 1 Fedora 25 Adds Some Rust to Linux 2 Docker Joins Eclipse, Updates Commercial Platform 3 Linux Dominates November TOP500 Supercomputer List 4 IBM Advances Artificial Intelligence with PowerAI 5 SUSE Updates Enterprise Linux as Business Grows 1 Installing and Activating Hyper-V Linux Integration Services Intel Aims to Compete with Itself to Drive Growth By Sean Michael Kerner (Send Email) Posted July 21, 2016 Digg DZone Reddit Slashdot StumbleUpon del.icio.us Facebook FriendFeed Furl Twitter Google As the world's largest chip vendor, Intel has no shortage of competition, and one of those competitors according to CEO Brian Krzanich is none other than Intel itself. Intel reported its second quarter fiscal 2016 financial results on July 20, with revenue of $13.5 billion, for a three percent year-over-year gain. Net income came in at $1.3 billion, with an earnings per share of 27 cents. For more information on Servers Customer Case Study - Managing Cultural Change when Moving to the Cloud What You Need to Know About Office 365 & Windows 10 A Single-Platform Approach to Desktop and Application Delivery Why Lenovo for Hyperconverged? Partner Offers Looking forward, Intel provided third quarter guidance for the midpoint revenue range of $14.9 billion. Looking at specific Intel business units, the Client Computing Group, which builds chips that end up in consumer PCs, had revenue of $7.3 billion for a three percent year-over-year decline. The Data Center Group had revenue going the other way, reporting $4.0 billion for the second quarter, up five percent year-over-year. Demand for Performance Drives Growth in the Data Center "In the data center, we're seeing an ongoing preference for performance up and down the pricing stack," Intel CEO Brian Krzanich said on his company's earnings call. "Average selling prices increased year over year in every microprocessor product segment from Atom and Xeon D SOCs at the low end, up through Xeon and Xeon Phi at the high end." Krzanich added that progress in the data center extended beyond Intel's CPU product lines. Among the other products is the Xeon Phi accelerator, formerly known as Knights Landing, "Xeon Phi revenue grew 8x in the first six months of this year versus all of 2015, gaining share in the supercomputing and machine learning segments," Krzanich said. Another area of data center growth is coming from Intel's Omni-Path high-performance computing fabric. Krzanich noted that in June's Top 500 Supercomputing list, Omni-Path was deployed in half of the new 100-Gig systems. Looking forward in the data center and the enterprise, Krzanich said that Intel is ramping up production of its Broadwell E server chips in the second half of the year, and he expects strong demand. While cloud continues to expand, Krzanich emphasized that it's an opportunity for Intel as increasing numbers of systems are needed to both power and connect to the cloud. During the earnings call, Krzanich was specifically asked about competition, to which he responded with an articulate reply. "As far as competition, there's always going to be competition in this market. I expect it. That's okay," Krzanich said. Among the primary competitors though is none other then Intel itself. Krzanich said Intel thinks of itself as competition and has a business model to drive continuous improvement of products that enables Intel to replace its own products with better cost-per-performance models over time. "So we know that even if there was no [outside] competition, the competition is we've got to build a product that's better and drives replacement as well as growth," Krzanich said. Sean Michael Kerner is a senior editor at ServerWatch and InternetNews.com. Follow him on Twitter @TechJournalist Page 1 of 1 Read more on "Server Hardware Spotlight" » Tags: Intel, data center, servers, earnings report, Intel Datacenter Manager stack 0 Comments (click to add your comment) Comment and Contribute Your name/nickname Your email (Maximum characters: 1200). You have characters left.     Thanks for your registration, follow us on our social networks to keep up-to-date
TechRadar pro IT insights for business Search RSS News Reviews Insights TechRadar Business Laptop/PC Printers Hardware Software Mobile working Security Networks Management Data centre & Cloud News iMac 2016 release date, news and rumors iMac 2016 release date, news and rumors By Ben Stinson PC   The latest all-in-one from Apple is (hopefully) about to drop Shares Although it may seem that the range has only recently seen an upgrade, the late 2015 iMac brought little more than a processor upgrade and a long-awaited bump to Retina screens across the board. With Apple's computing market share dipping to 7.2% in Q3 2016, you would expect the company to release a new round of iMacs in time for its October event. Unfortunately, for Mac desktop fans, it appears as though the press keynote will be focused on the introduction of new MacBook Pros and MacBook Airs. The biggest updates are likely to be seen with the guts of Apple's iMac range, with Intel's latest Kaby Lake processors now ready for production. The latest AMD Polaris graphics chips should also be on-board for video editing and high-resolution gaming, though recent reports have suggested Apple is working with Nvidia this time around. Other improvements are being chattered about via the rumour mill in the expectedly feverish build up to the new iMac's release, with VR compatibility currently headlining the list of less attention-grabbing features. Keep on reading to find out more about the new developments we're expecting from the 2016 iMac refresh. Also check out: MacBook Pro 2016 release date, news and rumours Cut to the chase What is it? The latest generation of Apple's all-in-one desktop computer When is it out? Rumours suggest October 2016 What will it cost? Prices are expected to start at £899 ($1,099), as they do today iMac 2016 release date Unless Apple chooses to go big on VR at the next event, the reveal of a new iMac isn't necessarily a dead-cert. In the past, desktop Mac refreshes have been a couple of years apart, so the launch of an updated iMac could end up being delayed until WWDC 2017 in June. Still, there's plenty of new hardware for Apple to pack into its popular all-in-one PC, so it's best to stay optimistic that the Cupertino giant will unveil some other tasty new tech alongside the iPhone 7 at its special September event. Comments by AMD suggest that Apple is lined-up to launch some hardware featuring the latest Polaris graphics chipset in late 2016, but that's as close as we have to a real confirmation of an update to any of Apple's computer range. With the hiatus in improvements to Apple's Mac Pro and Mac mini, it's likely that Apple will want to keep its most popular desktop range regularly refreshed to try and claw back some of that lost market share. iMac 2016 price The existing range of iMacs starts at £899 ($1,099) for the 21.5-inch 1080p model, rising to £1,199 ($1,499) for the 4K model and £1,449 ($1,799) for the 27-inch variant. There's little doubt that Apple will stick to the existing pricing tiers, especially considering IBM's comments on the long-term affordability of Mac usage, which were introduced when the company first launched the 'cheaper' iMac back in June 2014. Will it be Intel's Kaby Lake or AMD Zen for iMac 2016? With the last iMac update, Apple skipped on Intel's Broadwell processors and went straight to the latest Skylake chips for the 2015 iteration. Intel is set to provide the latest Kaby Lake processors for the next range of iMacs, the last in Intel's 14nm processing line before the switch to Cannonlake's 10nm architecture later in 2017. Though it is likely Apple will stick with Intel's processors, there is a possibility that the new AMD Zen processor could make an appearance in the high-end 27-inch models. This very powerful new CPU features 8 cores and 16 threads that would provide users with a huge amount of processing power on tap. Of course, there's still a possibility that Apple could skip the latest array of processors and wait for the Cannonlake series before upgrading its full suite of iMacs, but this would push the launch back to sometime in the second half of next year. iMac 2016: AMD on-board with the VR-enabled future Although Apple's range of desktop PCs hasn't lagged behind rivals in the processing department, the lack of graphical grunt is more of a sore sticking point for some users, especially for those wanting to get their game on without having to switch to Windows. With VR rapidly gaining in popularity both on PC and console, it is likely that Apple will not want its loyal customer base to feel like they're being left behind. It's very realistic, then, to expect that the new range of iMacs will include AMD's Polaris graphics, which was unveiled at the beginning of 2016. Reports from WCCF Tech claim that AMD won the contract to produce two chipsets for Apple back in April, and will appear in "new desktops and notebooks from Apple, which the company plans to bring to market later this year". MacRumors thinks that Polaris 10 and 11 are the most likely fit for Apple's new range of Macs, which are built using 16nm or 14nm production processes – smaller and more power-efficient than AMD's 28nm chipsets found in existing 27-inch iMacs. The switch from Intel Iris Pro 6200 graphics in the 21.5-inch models is also highly probable, as AMD has made great gains in offering highly competitive GPUs at a very reasonable price. All in all, Mac users will be looking for plenty of power to support exciting new VR devices such as the Oculus Rift, which Palmer Luckey already said wasn't an option at present due to the underpowered graphical capabilities of Apple's computers. New flash storage for iMac 2016? While the rumours are that Apple is planning on an increased storage capacity in the iPhone 7, we're also hoping that the company makes a major move to further push flash storage with iMacs. The hybrid Fusion Drive is currently standard in the 27-inch range of iMacs and an £80 (around $105) optional extra for 21.5-inch models, though we're hoping that Apple finally makes it standard across the board with all iMacs. Flash storage capacity of up to 512GB is already available in Apple's MacBook Air and MacBook Pro, which helps them to perform noticeably faster than similarly specified iMacs. Although Apple is unlikely to go down the route of flash-only storage for iMacs, hybrid drives would be a particularly welcome upgrade. A plethora of ports for new iMacs? The last Apple MacBook refresh saw Apple eschew all other ports in favour of USB-C, and while it would be unlikely that Cupertino would reduce the connectivity in its iMacs, it's certainly plausible that the new port could make an appearance. Intel's new Kaby Lake processors offer support for USB 3.1 alongside Thunderbolt 3 and DisplayPort 1.2, which could mean that every single port on the new iMac gets a little boost. Gabe Carey has also contributed to this article Tags MacBook Pro MacBook Air Related news A guide to Minecraft: Education Edition Pokemon Go updates: everything you need to know about what's coming next HoloLens for tanks will augment the reality of war Huawei Fit leaks with e-ink screen and heart rate smarts See more PC news Load Comments Tech deals, prizes and latest news Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more! No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 The best Amazon Black Friday deals 2016 2 The best Black Friday deals 2016: all the best deals in the UK 3 10 best Bluetooth speakers available today 4 The 15 best laptops of 2016: the top laptops ranked 5 Best phone 2016: the 10 top smartphones we've tested 1 iPhone 7 deals: save £125 with these cheapest ever Black Friday voucher deals 2 The best Currys Black Friday deals 2016 3 Huawei’s Watch is the price it always should have been thanks to Black Friday 4 The best John Lewis Black Friday deals 2016 5 One to Watch: Apple is gearing up for a big sale this week TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
null
Tech content trusted by users in North America and around the world 7,285 Reviews & Articles | 53,009 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU Home News CPU, APU & Chipsets Intel i7 6950X overclocked to an insane 5731 MHz OC'er Elmor hits a new world record for Intel's Broadwell-E i7 6950X CPU, pushing it 91% past its base clock By: Derek Strickland | CPU, APU & Chipsets News | Posted: Aug 18, 2016 5:30 pm Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA Renowned overclocker Elmor has set a new world record by pushing Intel's i7 6950X an insane 91% past its base clock speed.     At this year's Intel IDF 2016 "Technical Innovation" event, Elmor was able to overclock Intel's Broadwell-E i7 6950X CPU to 5731 MHz, which is 91.06% past the CPUs base clock speed. Elmor achieved this speed by using liquid nitrogen cooling on an ASUS Rampage V Edition 10 X99 motherboard, an ASUS GeForce GTX 980 Ti Matrix video card, and G.Skill's Trident Z DDR4 RAM.   For more info on Intel's Broadwell-E i7 6950X Extreme Edition CPU, check out our official review.   NEWS SOURCES:Hwbot.org Recommended for You Intel's new Kaby Lake-based Core i7-7700K will cost... Intel's new Atom processor is a step closer to Skynet... Core i7-7700K hits 6.7GHz on LN2, i5-7600K 5.1GHz... Samsung: 10nm FinFET SoC now in mass production >> NEXT STORY: T-Mobile says 'the era of the data plan is over' << PREVIOUS STORY: Microsoft seeing 'unprecedented demand' for Xbox One S Related Tags Intel ASUS Overclocking Broadwell-E Intel i7 6950X CPUs CPU Overclocking Got an opinion on this news? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts Samuria Shodown VI compatible for PS4, avaliable Nov. 22 Twitter blocked their CEO's Twitter profile Nintendo Switch listed at $245, to release March 17? New Christmas themed Skylander joins the figurine team Samsung adding advertisements to old TVs through updateView More News Posts View Our Latest Videos Forum Activity use smart backup Trump Towers Sunny Isles Beach Sunny Isles Beach Apartments | Sunny Isles Beach Condos | https://trumptowermiamicondosforsale.com/ BIOSTAR Racing Z170GTN Mini-ITX Motherboard Review Antec Cube-Designed by Razer Mini-ITX Chassis Preview 970A-G/3.1 Bios non-responsiveView More Forum Posts Press Releases Asius technologies crowdfunds to produce its revolutionary ADEL Drum Bionic earbuds University of Toronto selects CoolIT Systems to liquid cool signal processor for CHIME Project MSI VR One backpack PC and GS63VR Stealth Pro gaming notebook recognized as 2017 CES innovation honoree G.SKILL releases new RIPJAWS KM570 RGB mechanical gaming keyboard Next Generation Esports (NGE) launches BattleRekt tournamentView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2016 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters After the Bell Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money Cramer: Feel Like Taking a Risk in Retail? DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) Stock Climbs, New Processor Targets Intel Advanced Micro Devices' (AMD) new Zen processor is looking to take market share from competitor Intel (INTC). Rachel Aldrich Aug 18, 2016 12:37 PM EDT NEW YORK (TheStreet) -- Shares of Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) were advancing 5.61% to $7.05 early Thursday afternoon after the company unveiled a new microprocessor, Zen, meant to compete with Intel (INTC). During an event Wednesday night in San Francisco, CEO Lisa Su revealed working versions of the chip and said the Zen processor can challenge Intel's fastest processor on the market, VentureBeat reports. The company is focusing on high-performance CPUs and GPUs with the Zen processor. The first products to sport a Zen core will be the Summit Ridge and Naples processors, which Advanced Micro Devices plans to supply for thin laptops, high-powered gaming computers and data center servers, according to VentureBeat. The Summit Ridge processor will be released in the fourth quarter of 2016, while Naples will debut in the first half of 2017. Separately, TheStreet Ratings objectively rated this stock according to its "risk-adjusted" total return prospect over a 12-month investment horizon. Not based on the news in any given day, the rating may differ from Jim Cramer's view or that of this articles's author. TheStreet Rating rated this stock as a "sell" with a ratings score of D. The company's weaknesses can be seen in multiple areas, such as its weak operating cash flow and poor profit margins. You can view the full analysis from the report here: AMD If you liked this article you might like Why Macom's AppliedMicro Circuits Deal Could Benefit Intel While ARM-based server processors have been seen as a big threat to Intel, they've made limited headway. Macom's deal to buy AppliedMicro shines a light on this. Eric Jhonsa Nov 22, 2016 10:41 AM EST The Latest Chip Acquisition Could Be Good News for Intel While ARM-based server processors have been seen as a big threat to Intel, they've made limited headway. Macom's deal to buy AppliedMicro shines a light on this. Eric Jhonsa Nov 21, 2016 9:54 PM EST How to Trade These Most Active Stocks -- LifeLock, Tyson Foods and More Here's a technical look on how to trade some of the most active stocks on the market right now. Jonas Elmerraji Nov 21, 2016 12:43 PM EST WFC, CELG, MU: Jim Cramer's Views Cramer shares his views on why some still want to buy Bank of America. Wells Fargo, Celgene and Micron are among the stocks discussed. Jim Cramer Nov 21, 2016 1:00 AM EST You need to LOG IN to edit your watchlist. Stocks you follow Edit Authors you follow Edit My Reading List save an article here Trending 5 Worst Airports in the U.S. Dow Clings to Record as Fed Indicates a Rate Hike Could Be Coming Johnson & Johnson Stock Goes Into Full Breakdown Jim Cramer -- Buy a Stock 'When Everyone Hates It' 5 Stocks Insiders Love Right Now Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
null
Four E-Commerce Tips for Retailers on How to Help Prevent Shopping Cart Abandonment E-BUSINESS | TECHNOLOGY | CRM | LINUX | ECTNEWS.COM Welcome Guest | Sign In Deals Business Boardroom Deals Service Providers Tech Law Wall Street E-Commerce Analytics Entertainment Marketing Online Advertising Piracy Search Enterprise IT Applications Cloud Computing Government Infrastructure Mobile BYOD Carriers M-Commerce Mobile Advertising Security Consumer Security Cybercrime Enterprise Security Privacy SMB Social Media Social Media Marketing Social Networks Trends Expert Advice Hot Topics Opinions Trailblazers  Reader Services  Account Management Discussion News Alerts Newsletters Reader Surveys RSS / Headline Feeds Search ECT News Network ECT News Network Map CRM Buyer Site Map E-Commerce Times Site Map LinuxInsider Site Map TechNewsWorld Site Map November 23, 2016 12:37:48 PM PST E-Commerce Times > Business > Deals | ECT News Network will operate on an abbreviated holiday schedule until Monday, Nov. 28, when we will resume normal publishing. Intel Snaps Up Nervana to Jump-Start AI By David Jones Aug 16, 2016 2:27 PM PT Intel last week announced the acquisition of startup Nervana, in a bid to enhance the company's capabilities in artificial intelligence and deep learning. Nervana jumped out of the gate at its 2014 launch with a robust platform for deep learning, a framework called "Nervana Neon," and the Nervana Engine -- a groundbreaking ASIC chip scheduled for introduction by the first quarter of 2017. Nervana's IP and expertise in accelerating deep learning algorithms will expand Intel's capabilities in the field of artificial intelligence, according to Diane Bryant, general manager of Intel's Data Center Group. "We will apply Nervana's software expertise to further optimize the Intel Math Kernel Library and its integration into industry standard frameworks," she said. The Nervana Engine and its silicon expertise will advance Intel's AI portfolio, added Bryant, enhancing the deep learning performance and lowering the total cost of ownserhip of its Intel Xeon and Intel Xeon Phi processors. Rapid Advance "Nervana has developed a unique capability to process data more quickly across various environments, ranging from open source to highly customized computing systems," observed Jeff Kaplan, managing director of ThinkStrategies. "Like in many M&A situations, Intel's acquisition is aimed at quickly obtaining technological innovations, along with the talented team that developed the new solution," he told the E-Commerce Times. That talent pool includes Nervana CEO Naveen Rao, a former Qualcomm researcher with a PhD from Brown University, and CTO Amir Khosrowshahi, among others. The firm has raised more than US$28 million in funding from investors. Nervana earlier this year introduced its Nervana Cloud platform, which the company has described as 10 times faster than competing AI cloud platforms. It allows organizations of various sizes to build and deploy deep learning solutions without having to make large investments in machine learning or data teams. Nervana Cloud customers include Blue River Technologies, which uses agricultural robots along with the Nervana Cloud to boost crop yields, and Paradigm, an oil and gas software developer that uses the cloud platform to help identify subsurface faults embedded in 3D seismic images. The new Nervana Engine chip will be able to handle a high level of data at speeds that its competitors cannot match, according to the company, through incorporation of a new technology called "high bandwidth memory," which combines 32 GB of on-chip storage with memory access speeds of 8 terabits per second. Intel Lagging Intel doesn't have much of a machine learning business at the moment, so it needed to acquire Nervana in order to catch up with the competition in the segment, said Paul Teich, principal analyst at Tirias Research. "They have invested in software, including some open source work," he told the E-Commerce Times, "but anyone doing AI and machine learning R&D or deploying deep learning at scale will use hardware accelerators." Nvidia's GPUs are currently the most favored accelerators in the business, "which has to rankle Intel," Teich said. "Xeon Phi simply didn't move in the right direction. This is reminiscent of Intel putting a lot of investment into a new Itanium 64-bit architecture instead of adding 64-bit instructions to their X86 cores, which AMD eventually did for them," he pointed out. Deep learning takes a "fundamentally different approach than big or little x86 cores," explained Teich. "Intel's software folks saw deep learning coming, but their silicon architecture and design teams did not." David Jones is a freelance writer based in Essex County, New Jersey. He has written for Reuters, Bloomberg, Crain's New York Business and The New York Times. Get Permission to License or Reproduce this Article Print Email Reprints More by David Jones Most Popular Newsletters News Alerts How do you feel about Black Friday and Cyber Monday? They're great -- I get a lot of bargains! The deals are too spread out -- I'd prefer just one day. They're a fun way to kick off the holiday season. I don't like the commercialization of Thanksgiving Day. They're crucial for the retail industry and the economy. The deals typically aren't that good. Vote to See Results TechNewsWorld Cyber Grinches Could Disrupt Holidays' Biggest Shopping Weekend Gadget Ogling: Big Bendy Screens, Chatterbox Robots, and TV in the Cloud One of the Best New VR Things: Buying a Car Friend Finder Data Breach Exposes 400M Swingers GoPro's Drone Initiative Crashes With Karma Recall iPhone Call Logs Easy Pickings on iCloud, Says Russian Security Firm Twitter Cracks Down on Cyber Hate Google Clamps Down on Sneaky Malicious Sites CRM Buyer New Subscription Economy Index Is an Eye Opener Microsoft Trolls Small Biz With Outlook CRM Tool Signs and Symptoms Marketo VP Mike Telem: ABM Lets You Dust Off Old Marketing Techniques Engagement and Loyalty Salesforce Sets Up Lightning Community to Zap Competition AvePoint CEO TJ Jiang: Innovation Through Collaboration Microsoft Rebrands LinuxInsider Microsoft Goes All In for Linux JuJu Offers Speedy Model-Driven Software Approach wattOS Energizes Aging Hardware AWS Gives Customers On-Premises Linux Option Ubuntu Releases IoT Core Platform Q4OS+Trinity Gives New Meaning to Lightweight Microsoft Open Sources AI Toolkit Antique Kernel Flaw Opens Door to New Dirty Cow Exploit SPONSOR RESOURCES Join Tomorrow's Intel Pioneers Introducing the Georgetown University master's in Applied Intelligence. Marketers - Fill Your Sales Funnel Instantly Access millions of IT and business decision makers. Our full-service global marketing program delivers sales-ready leads. Learn more. E-Commerce Times Headlines E-Commerce Times Black Friday Shoppers Hungry for New Experiences, New Tech Pay TV's Newest Innovation: Giving Users Control Apple Celebrates Itself in $300 Coffee Table Tome AWS Enjoys Top Perch in IaaS, PaaS Markets US Comptroller Gears Up for Blockchain and Internet Finance Coping With Software Licensing Challenges in the Cloud BlackBerry to Deliver One Last Keyboard Phone Russia May Kick Out LinkedIn ECT News Network on Twitter Tweets about "TechNewsWorld" Publications E-Commerce Times TechNewsWorld LinuxInsider CRM Buyer Newsletters E-Commerce Minute Tech News Flash ECT News Network Weekly Editor's Pick Subscribe Reader Services Account Management Discussion Linking Policy Network Map News Alerts RSS / XML Feeds Search ECT News Network Company Info About Advertising Business Development Careers Contact Permissions Reprint Information Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | How To Advertise Copyright 1998-2016 ECT News Network, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
null
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe AMD Shows Off New Zen Chip, On Track for Debut Next Year Ian King More stories by Ian King August 18, 2016 — 9:00 AM EDT CEO Says 2017 products will be most competitive in a decade Chipmaker demonstrates first server version of design Advanced Micro Devices Inc., Intel Corp.’s only rival in computer processors, showed off its Zen chip design, the heart of a product lineup that could determine whether it remains relevant in the chip industry. “We are at our best when we’re focusing on great products and when we’re making sure the competition is on its toes,” Chief Executive Officer Lisa Su said at a company event in San Francisco late Wednesday. “In 2017 you will see the most competitive product portfolio from AMD in the last 10 years.” The new chip is delivering on its design goal of a 40 percent performance improvement over its predecessor, the CEO said. She showed a demonstration against a top-of-the line Intel processor and said AMD’s new chip was showing similar performance. AMD’s stock has rallied this year as it delivered revenue that’s exceeded analysts’ projections, helped by higher demand for graphics chips and custom chips used in game consoles. To justify those gains, and deliver enough profit to reduce its debt load, AMD needs to now reverse market share losses in personal computers and servers with the new design. AMD’s lost almost all of its stake in the lucrative server market and orders for PC chips with a string of products that were either late to market or failed to perform as well as Intel components. By revenue, AMD had just 2.9 percent of the market for PC processors at the end of the first quarter, according to IDC Corp. It has less than 1 percent in server unit shipments. “There needs to be competition in the data center,” Su said. AMD has already sent samples of the Naples server version of Zen to prospective customers and is aiming to ship it in the second half of 2017. Some PC processors will ship beginning at the end of this year with high volume coming in the first half of next year. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now No Evidence of Aloe Vera Found in the Aloe Vera at Wal-Mart, CVS How Apple Lost China to Two Unknown Local Smartphone Makers Soaring Consumer Confidence: Are Americans Happy It's Trump, or Just Happy It's Over? These Charts Show That Trump Is Bringing the 1990s Back to Markets Siberian Snow Theory Points to an Early and Cold Winter in U.S. Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Skip to: Content | | Footer Newegg.com - A great place to buy computers, computer parts, electronics, software, accessories, and DVDs online. With great prices, fast shipping, and top-rated customer service - once you know, you Newegg. If you are reading this message, Please click this link to reload this page.(Do not use your browser's "Refresh" button). Please email us if you're running the latest version of your browser and you still see this message. Newegg.com - Computer Parts, Laptops, Electronics, HDTVs, Digital Cameras and More! If you see this message, your web browser doesn't support JavaScript or JavaScript is disabled. Please enable JavaScript in your browser settings so Newegg.com can function correctly. Feedback / Shipping Destination: United States United States Australia United Kingdom India Ireland Netherlands New Zealand Poland Singapore United States $ USD $ USD Update Try TRY NEWEGG PREMIER FOR FREE TODAY! Free 30-Day Trial when you sign up for a 12-month membership. Sign up and start enjoying: Expedited Shipping Free 3-Day-or-sooner expedited shipping on qualifying items. Share Benefits Add up to four friends to your account so they can enjoy your great Newegg Premier benefits. Free Returns with No restocking fee Free shipping on returns and waived restocking fee for qualifying items. Dedicated Customer Service Need quick assistance? Use our private customer service line to help answer any questions or concerns. Learn More | Sign Up Now Wish List Customer Service Track An Order Find Invoice Return An Item Check Return Status Find Rebates Customer Help Center All Products DEALS & SERVICES Newegg Mobile Shop Exclusive Deals on Newegg Mobile App! Email Deals Our latest email deals. Daily Deals New deals everyday! Marketplace Spotlight Every week, the Newegg deals team hand-picks intriguing products for you. Outlet Open box, clearance, refurbished and recertified PCs, electronics and more. Sales Event Black Friday Deals Now What's New Newegg TV Smart Home VR Central Subscription Store Intel Extreme CPU ZTE Axon 7 More at Newegg Premier Membership Newegg Store Credit Card GameCrate Student Store Gift Cards Newegg Gift Card Amex Pay-with-Points Textbook Store Featured Sellers Featured Sellers All Top Sellers 1294 25 38 514 947 18 179 293 99 71 727 324 Editor Tested Avegant Glyph, A Personal Theater Testing the DJI Phantom 4 Drone Up Your Game with QLIPP Trending Events Home Safety & Security Systems Radio Controlled Tech Deals Save on Select Dyson Products For Sellers Save Big with Shipped by Newegg Simplify SBN with Freightos iframe for layout Search allComputer SystemsComponentsElectronicsGamingNetworkingOffice SolutionsSoftware & ServicesAutomotive & IndustrialHome & ToolsHealth & SportsApparel & AccessoriesHobbies & Toys Search all Search iframe for layout Home >  Computer Systems >  Laptops / Notebooks >  Laptops / Notebooks >  Hewlett-Packard >  Item#: N82E16834264722 Back To Combo Open Box: Images shown are from the NEW version of this item and are for reference only. The actual Open Box product may differ in packaging and included accessories, but has been tested to ensure basic functionality. Skip Image Gallery … HP Laptop 6470P Intel Core i5 3230M (2.60 GHz) 4 GB Memory 120 GB SSD 14.0" Windows 7 Professional 64-Bit REFURBISHED This means the product was tested and repaired as required to meet the standards of the refurbisher, which may or may not be the original manufacturer. Any exceptions to the condition of the item outside the manufacturer’s information should be provided in the listing, up to and including warranty details. Sold and Shipped by Newegg Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller Intel Core i5 3230M (2.60 GHz) 4 GB Memory 120 GB SSD Windows 7 Professional 64-Bit DVDRW LOADING... HP Laptop 6470P Intel Core i5 3230M (2.60 GHz) 4 GB Memory 120 GB SSD 14.0" Windows 7 Professional 64-Bit Back To Top Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A HP 6470P Notebook PC From the professional design to Intel technology, the HP Laptop 6470P is tailor-made for business. Take it with you anywhere, and stay highly productive while on the go. Equipped for Productivity The 3rd generation Intel Core i5 vPro processor delivers 2.60 GHz of number-crunching power to seamlessly handle data-intensive applications. When your workload ramps up, your PC keeps up with added processor performance, thanks to the support for Intel Turbo Boost Technology 2.0 [1] . 4 GB of high-bandwidth memory assures you that multitasking goes smoothly. With up to 120 GB SSD, the storage capacity and system's responsiveness go hand in hand. Truly Built for Business The Intel vPro technology [2] helps reduce IT maintenance costs by enabling remote configuration, diagnosis, isolation and repair of infected PCs. HP's wireless technology[3] has you covered, too. Stay connected with essential ports for additional displays, USB devices and more. Constructed for Business On the Go With a wear-resistant tungsten-colored finish, this mainstream business notebook polishes off your professional look. The 14.0-inch diagonal display provides a crisp view while remaining highly portable. You'll easily carry this notebook to meetings down the hall and around the world. NOTE: [1]. Intel Turbo Boost performance varies depending on hardware, software and overall system configuration. [2]. Some functionality of this technology, such as Intel Active management technology and Intel Virtualization technology, requires additional 3rd party software in order to run. Availability of future "virtual appliances" applications for Intel vPro technology is dependent on 3rd party software providers. Microsoft Windows required. [3]. Wireless use requires separately purchased service contract. Learn more about the Hewlett-Packard 6470P Model| Brand HP Model 6470P Quick Info| Operating System Windows 7 Professional 64-Bit CPU Intel Core i5-3230M 2.6 GHz Screen 14" Memory 4 GB Storage 120 GB SSD Optical Drive DVDRW Dimensions (W x D x H) 13.30" x 9.10" x 1.30" Weight 4.48 lbs. CPU| CPU Type Intel Core i5 CPU Speed 3230M (2.60 GHz) Display| Screen Size 14.0" Operating System| Operating System Windows 7 Professional 64-Bit Hard Drives| SSD 120 GB Memory| Memory 4 GB Optical Drive| Optical Drive Type DVDRW Input Device| Webcam Inbuilt Camera General| Style Standard Usage Business Dimensions & Weight| Dimensions (W x D x H) 13.30" x 9.10" x 1.30" Weight 4.48 lbs. Warranty, Returns, And Additional Information Warranty Limited Warranty period (parts): 90 days Limited Warranty period (labor): 90 days Read full details Manufacturer Contact Info Manufacturer Product Page| Website: http://www.hp.com/| Support Phone: 1-800-334-5144 Support Website| View other products from Hewlett-Packard Return Policies Return for refund within: 30 days Return for replacement within: 30 days This item is covered by Newegg.com's Standard Return Policy. Loading... Through the Newegg EggXpert Review Program, Newegg invites its best reviewers, known as EggXperts, to post opinions about new and pre-release products to help their fellow customers make informed buying decisions.Click here for more details. Loading... Select options to continue. Sold and Shipped by: Newegg Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller Selected Items Reset compare Are you an E-Blast Insider?   Thank you for subscribing Your request will be processed within the next 24 hours. Please add "promo@e.newegg.com" to your address book to ensure delivery. See Today's E-Blast Promo Shop without retyping payment details. Secure shopping made faster. Check out with PayPal. Price Available at Checkout Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" buttonWhy can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" buttonWhy can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. Shop by Region: United States Canada China Taiwan customer service Customer Help Center Track an Order Return an Item Return Policy Privacy & Security Feedback My Account Login/Register My Dashboard Order History Returns History Address Book Wish Lists Newegg Notifications Newegg Subscriptions Auto Notifications Company Information About Newegg Awards/Rankings Hours and Locations Careers Newsroom Newegg Blog Calif. Transparency in Supply Chains Act Tools & Resources Shop by Brand Trade-In Site Map Become an Affiliate Marketplace Sellers Shipped by Newegg Mobile Apps Sell to Newegg Product Review Video Center Rebates Affiliated Sites: NeweggBusiness For Business Needs Newegg Community Newegg Community Newegg GameCrate Gaming and Hardware News Facebook Twitter Instagram Google Pinterest YouTube Rss Policy & Agreement | Privacy Policy  © 2000-2016 Newegg Inc.  All rights reserved. Close close window If the Adobe Reader does not appear when you click on a link for a PDF file, you can download Adobe Reader from the Adobe web site.
Welcome, Guest Log in | Register Home   Slideshows   Blogs   IT Downloads   Research Center   Newsletters   Sponsored Content IT Management   Data Center   Cloud   Careers   Mobility   Security   Enterprise Apps   Social Media   Big Data   Internet of Things Home      Blogs      Unfiltered Opinion      Intel Developer Forum 2016: Are You Ready For A Revolution? Related Content Blog :  IBM Combines IoT and Watson Expertise into a Common Practice Article :  Telecom and Fleet Management Enjoy a Close Relationship Intel Developer Forum 2016: Are You Ready for a Revolution? Rob Enderle |   Unfiltered Opinion   |   Posted 16 Aug, 2016          |         |     Share CES Announces the Most Innovative Tech Products for 2016 I’m at IDF, the Intel Developer Forum, this week and, like most events of this type, it started with some upbeat music. Unlike most events of this type, however, the music was created with virtual instruments. Other than two physical turntables, the rest of the instruments used were virtual. The two musicians present were basically playing in the air and the computer was using Intel’s RealSense technology to create what was a rather impressive concert. This set the stage for what was a fascinating keynote by Brian Krzanich, Intel’s CEO. Apparently Intel plans to change the world as we see it: To give users the power to be anywhere, to be anyone, and to both experience and change the story. The idea is that you can merge reality with virtual reality, something Intel is calling mixed reality. This is very similar to what Microsoft has been calling holographics. Redefining the Experience of Computing As Krzanich showcased during the keynote, VR is redefining how we interact with computers. He talked about what you need now for VR: cameras, sensors, a headset, and a dedicated VR room, which is impractical for most of us. However, Intel introduced Project Alloy, a self-contained headset that needs no cameras or dedicated room; it's a direct competitor with Microsoft HoloLens. You don’t need hand sensors or gloves either; the RealSense cameras in the headset show and track your own hands. You can also see obstacles in the real world, though they do tend to detract from the experience. It’s an attempt to address a very real problem with existing VR setups -- tripping over or running into stuff in the room. The headset was demonstrated by a user sculpting a virtual object on a potter's wheel. He used a dollar from his pocket as the tool for sculpting the object, blending the real with the virtual. While the presentation was rough, you could see the potential for the project. Then something interesting happened. Microsoft came on stage to talk about HoloLens and how the two companies are going to work together to further this experience. Apparently, Windows 10 will get an update that will allow it to run both 2D and 3D holographic applications, with one platform to run VR, AR and MR (Mixed Reality). The implication is that this could be the beginning of the end for monitors. In the future, your mixed reality headset will become every monitor, TV, or device display you’ll ever need. The VR demonstration was run using Intel’s Nook, which is a relatively low-cost platform optimized for presentations. Intel is promising to open source Alloy Hardware so that developers can create their own mixed reality headset that will run Windows 10 with Windows Holographic. Intel also showcased its Broadwell Extreme Edition 10 core processor, which allows you to edit and create in a virtual world in real time. One of the most compelling aspects of this was being able to virtually attend a concert or sports event and view it from any angle, because Intel’s technology allows you to scan the entire event from multiple angles and stitch together a full 3D experience. 7th Generation Core The Intel Developer Forum is, of course, an Intel event, so it wouldn’t be the same without a processor announcement. Intel showcased PCs running its next generation technology, the 7th generation, announcing that the parts were shipping and that OEMs would have hardware in market in the fall. The demonstration included 4K video editing and high-performance gaming on thin laptops that had been configured with the new processor. RealSense RealSense is Intel’s platform for implementing gesture-based human-computer interaction techniques, which plays into ever more intelligent machines like robots and drones. Intel showcased the Yuneec Typhoon drone, which uses the RealSense technology. The drone (selling for $1,899 at the show) can avoid obstacles automatically and is the first broad-market drone that is actually beginning to showcase limited intelligence. Intel is announcing its new Aero Platform for UAVS, which is a complete drone system on a board. The board will be available soon for $399. Intel will also have its own complete drone developer platform due out before the end of the year. Finally, Intel showcased Euclid, an all-in-one RealSense device that's the size of a candy bar. It is battery-powered and has a full OS (Ubuntu) running on it. This is for those who want to use the camera to develop smart products like seeing robots (which they demonstrated). This thing is tiny but doubles both the number of points captured and range over the prior version. Autonomous Driving At the heart of autonomous driving is visual intelligence. At one point, a BMW VP, a full electric vehicle with a modified i3, drove onto the stage. The driver got out of the car and the car then drove itself off the stage and parked by itself. BMW broke self-driving down into five levels: Currently, we are at level 3, which still involves the driver for all but short distances; level 4 allows the driver to disengage; with level 5, the driver is redundant. The requirements include multiple sensors, in-car intelligence, and changes to both the outside and inside of the car. IoT General Electric’s Chairman and CEO Jeff Immelt then joined Krzanich on stage to talk about IoT. GE is a massive player in this space and Immelt spoke about the convergence of horizontal technology and devices in creating solutions. He demonstrated GE Current, which is a smart cities lighting platform that resides on top of Intel’s IoT platform. Current monitors physical traffic and is able to adjust city services like stoplights and pedestrian signals based on local people traffic. Krzanich claimed that advances will allow you to get out of your car at your destination, and your car will then automatically go find the closest parking spot, where it will wait until you want to be picked up again. Maker Platforms Intel announced Jewel, a new tiny intelligent platform for robotics, etc. It showcased a set of intelligent safety glasses that will be used by Airbus. These glasses provide both audio and visual input to workers on both the types of part to use and their placement. This should significantly reduce the amount of aircraft assembly mistakes. Intel sponsors a show called America’s Greatest Makers, which offers a $1M prize. Intel brought the winning team on stage with its product: a smart toothbrush that uses games to get kids to brush. Called Crush, the product will be in market by year’s end. Wrapping Up: Intel’s Plans Intel is clearly moving beyond PCs and servers into new areas like mixed reality, autonomous cars (and hopefully autonomous flying cars) and IoT. They closed the day with a video showcasing what the world will look like once they are done. Intel is redefining the experience of computing and it can’t do that without developers. Today was about getting those developers excited and I think they did that. Rob Enderle is President and Principal Analyst of the Enderle Group, a forward-looking emerging technology advisory firm.  With over 30 years’ experience in emerging technologies, he has provided regional and global companies with guidance in how to better target customer needs; create new business opportunities; anticipate technology changes; select vendors and products; and present their products in the best possible light. Rob covers the technology industry broadly. Before founding the Enderle Group, Rob was the Senior Research Fellow for Forrester Research and the Giga Information Group, and held senior positions at IBM and ROLM. Follow Rob on Twitter @enderle, on Facebook and on Google+. Save Save Save          |         |     Share Add Comment      Leave a comment on this blog post Please enable Javascript in your browser, before you post the comment! Now Javascript is disabled. Post a comment  Your name/nickname  Your email  WebSite  Subject (Maximum characters: 1200). You have 1200 characters left.     Subscribe to our Newsletters Sign up now and get the best business technology insights direct to your inbox. SUBSCRIBE   Property of Quinstreet Enterprise. Sitemap | Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | About Us | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright © 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2014 Quinstreet Inc. All right reserved.
null
Follow us on Search for: GET Studio e-letters Subscribe Now » Skip to content Sections Technology Creativity Business Video Shows IBC 2016 SIGGRAPH 2016 NAB 2016 Sponsored Content Awards StudioDaily 50 Top Creatives and Technologists 2016 2017 Prime Awards Store Webinars Jobs Contact Us Editorial Advertising Features by Craft Skip to content Shooting Editing Audio VFX/Animation Post/Finishing Home / New product / Shooting / Technology DIY Drones: Intel Releases UAV Developer Kit Compute Board, Accessory Camera Kit, and Enclosure Are Available (Now) Separately or (Soon) Together By Bryant Frazer   /   Aug 18, 2016 At the Intel Developer Forum (IDF) in San Francisco, Intel revealed a new developer kit and accessories for UAVs that it said will allow developers to build their own drones.  The Intel Aero Platform consists of the Aero Compute Board ($399), which is about the size of a deck of playing cards (88mm x 63mm x 20mm); the optional Vision Accessory Kit ($149), which includes three different cameras (including an Intel R200 RealSense camera) and cables; and the Enclosure Kit ($69), a mechanical enclosure designed to hold the board and accessory cameras. The Aero Compute Board features a quad-core Atom x7-Z8700 64-bit CPU with burst processing at up to 2.4 GHz as well as 4 GB of low-power DDR3-1600 RAM, 16 GB of flash (eMMC) storage and 802.11ac Wi-Fi. It offers a number of I/O expansion options as well as a microSD card slot and an M.2 connector (single-lane PCIe) for an SSD. Intel says the board weighs less than 60 g with a heatsink attached. "Plug-and-play" options include a flight controller with open-source Dronecode PX4 software, Intel RealSense vision technology, the AirMap SDK for airspace services, and LTE communications, Intel said. Intel is also taking reservations for a complete, ready-to-fly Aero drone (unpriced so far) for shipment in the fourth quarter. Also at IDF, Intel announced that the Yuneec Typhoon H platform is now available, for an extra fee, with Intel's RealSense technology for obstacle navigation. The Typhoon H with RealSense sells for $1899. Intel Aero Platform: click.intel.com No Comments Categories: New product, Shooting, Technology Tags: diy, drones, intel, uavs     Latest News Academy Shortlists 10 Live-Action Shorts for Oscars AJA Set to Ship Kumo 6464 3G-SDI Router StudioDailies: Wednesday, November 23, 2016 Cinematographer Natasha Braier on The Neon Demon StudioDailies: Tuesday, November 22, 2016 More news headlines » Most-Read Stories Sony Unveils FS7 II Camcorder » Cinerama Dome Books Billy Lynn's Long Halftime Walk at 120fps » HP Announces HP Z2 Mini Workstation » Planar Systems to Buy NaturalPoint and OptiTrack for $125 Million » Panasonic Brings a Lumix GH5 Prototype to Photokina » Studio Job Listings Director of Digital Strategy - Colby College - Waterville, ME UX Engineer, Design - Google - Mountain View, CA UX Engineer, Design - Google - Mountain View, CA Digital Delivery Specialist, Abu Dhabi - AECOM - Abu Dhabi, U.A.E. Fjord Senior Visual Designer - San Francisco - Accenture - San... more jobs » post jobs » GET Studio e-letters Sign up for StudioDaily eletters to keep you in the know & updated on the industry every day. Subscribe Now » Advertising & Sponsorship Opportunities Learn about StudioDaily website advertising, e-letters, webinar sponsorships, and more Get More Info » About Us Advertising Sitemap Privacy Policy © 2016 Access Intelligence, LLC – All Rights Reserved. Search for: Follow us on
Tech content trusted by users in North America and around the world 7,285 Reviews & Articles | 53,009 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU Home Press Releases RAM G.SKILL Demos DDR4-3333MHz CL14 128GB and DDR4-3333MHz CL13 64GB Memory at IDF 2016 Posted: Aug 18, 2016 4:47 pm | RAM Press Releases | Stock Ticker: TPE:2357, NASDAQ:INTC, KRX:005930 Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA G.SKILL International Enterprise Co., Ltd., the world's leading manufacturer of extreme performance memory and gaming peripherals, displays two super-large capacity DDR4 memory kits at ultra-high speeds with amazingly low CAS latencies at the Intel Developer Forum 2016 this week in San Francisco, including the Trident Z series DDR4-3333MHz CL14 128GB (8x16GB) and DDR4-3333MHz CL13 64GB (8x8GB) memory kits. Both kits are featured with high performance Samsung DDR4 8Gb components and operate on the latest Intel X99 platform with Broadwell-E processors.     Trident Z DDR4-3333MHz CL14-14-14-34 128GB (8x16GB) 1.35V   G.SKILL is dedicated to pushing the performance limit of DDR4 kits to new heights with the latest platform generations. With the launch of Broadwell-E in May 2016, G.SKILL is pushing a 128GB (8x16GB) kit of the high-end Trident Z series to a blazing DDR4-3333MHz frequency at a very tight timing of CL 14-14-14-34. Featuring the Intel Core i7-6800K processor and ASUS ROG Rampage V Edition 10 motherboard, this is one of the highest performance memory kits with such massive capacity.     Trident Z DDR4-3333MHz CL13-13-13-33 64GB (8x8GB) 1.35V   On a similar platform, featuring the Intel Core i7-6800K processor and ASUS X99-Deluxe II motherboard, G.SKILL also demonstrated an 8-module kit at 64GB (8x8GB) memory capacity at DDR4-3333MHz CL13-13-13-33. This milestone displays the awesome achievement of combining high frequency, high capacity, and ultra-low latency.     Ripjaws SO-DIMM DDR4-3333MHz 32GB (2x16GB) 1.35V   Building upon the leading overclocking technology from desktop memory, G.SKILL is also able to showcase extremely fast SO-DIMM DDR4 memory at DDR4-3333MHz CL16-18-18-43 32GB (2x16GB) on the Intel Skull Canyon NUC mini-PC system, which would prove useful for increasing performance on the integrated graphics of this portable system.     "Overclocking Innovation" Technical Session with Intel and ASUS - 5731.78MHz CPU Frequency Achieved with Intel Core i7-6950X   Besides the extreme DDR4 demo in the technical showcase, G.SKILL participated in the "Overclocking Innovation" technical session, co-hosted with Intel and ASUS, to share the latest memory overclocking technologies, particularly on the Broadwell-E platform and high density DDR4 memory, to worldwide tech medias, hardware developers, and industry analysts.   Additionally, a new 5731.78MHz world record for highest CPU frequency was achieved live during the session by Elmor, a renowned extreme overclocker from ASUS, using G.SKILL Trident Z DDR4 memory, ASUS ROG Rampage V Edition 10 motherboard, and Intel Core i7-6950X processor. The score has been validated by HWBOT.ORG, the world's leading overclocking organization.   Please refer to the link below: http://hwbot.org/submission/3289574_elmor_cpu_frequency_core_i7_6950x_5731.78_mhz Recommended for You Corsair Releases Dominator Platinum Light Bar Upgrade... Samsung rolls out industry's first 8GB LPDDR4 DRAM... Transcend Intro 1 and 2GB DDR3 SO-DIMMs OCZ Intro DDR3 Intel Extreme Memory Related Tags G.SKILL ASUS Intel Samsung IDF 2016 G.Skill RAM Trident Z DDR4 RAM Got an opinion? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts Samuria Shodown VI compatible for PS4, avaliable Nov. 22 Twitter blocked their CEO's Twitter profile Nintendo Switch listed at $245, to release March 17? New Christmas themed Skylander joins the figurine team Samsung adding advertisements to old TVs through updateView More News Posts View Our Latest Videos Forum Activity use smart backup Trump Towers Sunny Isles Beach Sunny Isles Beach Apartments | Sunny Isles Beach Condos | https://trumptowermiamicondosforsale.com/ BIOSTAR Racing Z170GTN Mini-ITX Motherboard Review Antec Cube-Designed by Razer Mini-ITX Chassis Preview 970A-G/3.1 Bios non-responsiveView More Forum Posts Press Releases Asius technologies crowdfunds to produce its revolutionary ADEL Drum Bionic earbuds University of Toronto selects CoolIT Systems to liquid cool signal processor for CHIME Project MSI VR One backpack PC and GS63VR Stealth Pro gaming notebook recognized as 2017 CES innovation honoree G.SKILL releases new RIPJAWS KM570 RGB mechanical gaming keyboard Next Generation Esports (NGE) launches BattleRekt tournamentView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2016 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
null
About Us | Newsletter Sign Up Home News Opinion Messages Authors Video Slideshows Teardown Education EELife Events Android Automotive Embedded Industrial Control Internet of Things MCU Medical Memory Open Source PCB Planet Analog Power Management Programmable Logic Prototyping SoC Test & Measurement Wireless & Networking Breaking News NEWS & ANALYSIS: Renesas Bounces Back, But How High? SLIDESHOW: 15 Views of Printed Electronics NEWS & ANALYSIS: Macom Buys Applied for Comms BLOG: Smart Home Needs Data Standards BLOG: Prime Your Brain for Brilliant Ideas at ESC Silicon Valley SPONSORED: Free Shipping Worldwide for all orders of $499 or more. Blog Intel Foundry Embraces ARM: Start of the End? Peter Clarke, Analog Editor, EE Times Europe 8/18/2016 11:00 AM EDT  1 comments   post a comment NO RATINGS Login to Rate Tweet Intel Custom Foundry agrees to a full support package for ARM intellectual property on the upcoming 10nm FinFET manufacturing process. Intel Custom Foundry has made a statement of intent that it is serious about competing with the likes of TSMC, Samsung and Globalfoundries by agreeing a full support package for ARM intellectual property on the upcoming 10nm FinFET manufacturing process. The deal could also mark the start of the disaggregation of Intel and its eventual splitting up into separate manufacturing service and technology sales constituents, in other words the end of Intel as we have known it. In the short term the deal is an acknowledgement that — at least in mobile — ARM's architecture rules the roost and it is what chip developers insist on for their system chips. Despite billions of dollars spent trying to get into mobile Intel Corp. has concurred and let its foundry manufacturing operation cut a deal. The deal means that ARM's Artisan physical libraries — and as a result POP optimizations of its cores — will be available to third parties on Intel's 10nm FinFET process. Spreadtrum and LG Electronics are already customers of Intel's foundry. Intel has now accepted that although those companies may have tinkered with Atom system-chips to please Intel, their commercial architectural choice was ARM and Intel's foundry had to get with the program or risk losing customers. The adoption of Artisan and POP is vital if Intel is to build its foundry customer base because the flexibility this engenders speeds the design of core implementations and SoCs, reduces time to tape-out and thereby reduces risk. It is part of the standard design flow set by ARM with foundries such as TSMC. The initial POP IP on Intel's 10nm FinFET process will be for two yet-to-be-announced Cortex-A processor cores designed for mobile computing applications in either big-little or stand-alone configurations. Of course Intel's foundry has already been making ARM-based chips for the likes of Netronome and may soon do so for Altera, which of course is now a wholly-owned subsidiary of Intel's. However, these were essentially arms-length legacy engagements. What the latest agreement indicates is that Intel acknowledges it must engage with ARM if it is to be credible as a foundry manufacturer, even at the risk that it will undermine the position of its own processor architectures. Email This Print Comment Page 1 / 2 Next > Comments View Comments: Newest First | Oldest First | Threaded View [close this box] User Rank Author Surprise surprise HardwIntr   8/19/2016 8:57:14 AM NO RATINGS Login to Rate "And then come the financial arguments. Intel will find that with chip manufacturing and process development representing 90 percent of R&D cost but only 10 percent of sales revenue and ..." Intel is one of (very) few companies who hasn't outsourced  it's manufacturing yet; it can be seen as a weakness ... today. But, keep in mind that your reasoning is made with assumptions that can evolve  radically in a not so distant future. Maybe Brexit won't be the only surprise of the year ... Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board Most Recent Comments                 11/23/2016 3:10:19 PM Rcurl Hi Ed- Thanks for the Conflict-free sourcing link.  Since we no longer use tantalum capacitors that's one less thing to worry with.  I'll take a closer look at that... 11/23/2016 3:10:19 PM Rcurl Hi Ed- Thanks for the Conflict-free sourcing link.  Since we no longer use tantalum capacitors that's one less thing to worry with.  I'll take a closer look at that... 11/23/2016 2:52:48 PM David_Ashton_EC You mentioned the Adani group.  These guys are not well regarded in Australia.  They are trying to open a huge new coal mine in Queensland that alone wiill prevent Australia... 11/23/2016 2:31:25 PM 2Torr When replacing tantalum caps with MLCCs, one should consider more than just matching the capacitor value. Matching the ESRs can also be very important, depending on the application... 11/23/2016 1:40:34 PM Ed SV The Conflict-Free Sourcing Initative (CFSCI) is an organization that supports efforts to remove illegal and illegitimate sourcing of tantalum, tin, tungsten and gold from from... 11/23/2016 1:20:33 PM VicVat Video surveillance confirmed it was a mistake to let HR hire the "debug specialist" for the lab. 11/23/2016 1:18:31 PM Andy.Keates Printed batteries have their place. Their specs may limit their use in some devices. You can't replace them. If cycle life is poor, or self-discharge is high the device may fail.... 11/23/2016 12:43:59 PM Some Guy I'm not worried. Like RFID's in your passport, microwave technology is here to help. Finally, if advertising is your only answer, I again assert: you aren't being creative enough... 11/23/2016 12:40:32 PM MWagner_MA 640K...yep, you got me there :-)...   If I was Unilever, I would do the same thing.  As a consumer, I'll fight it until my last breath :-) 11/23/2016 12:34:42 PM rick merritt @MWagner_MA Yeah and who will ever need more than 640K of memory? ;-) The Unilever guy talked about exploring what kinds of new conversations/interactions it might want to have... Navigate to Related Links ST's Bozotti on 'Back-to-Silicon' Differentiation Oxygen Layer May Extend Moore's Law One-Nanometer Transistor Demonstrated BrainChip Appoints Former Exar CEO to Lead Company NXP Rides Growing Motor Control MCUs Datasheets.com Parts Search 185 million searchable parts (please enter a part number or hit search to begin) Cartoon Contest November 2016 Cartoon Caption Contest: Pulvis et umbra sumus "Your caption here!" 86 comments All Cartoons October 2016 Cartoon Caption Contest "Trick or Treat" A vacuum tube for you, an old transformer for you...ah, here's a real treat, a paper capacitor! 119 comments All Cartoons Most Commented Most Popular  66   Why, Windows 10, Why?  51   TSMC, GF/Samsung Battle at 7nm  45   What Are the Coolest Engineering Gifts?  44   Trump Win Roils Technology Sector  41   Accident on a Dark Freeway  41   What Is Best & Worst STEM-Related Music Ever?  37   Did Processor Cause Samsung Note 7 Blowup?  37   Samsung to Ship 10nm SoCs in 2016  34   Dual-Port 2A USB Chargers Only $1.95  29   Rad-Tolerant Lockstep Quad Core 8051 Uses ...  28   The Time Has Come to Build My Own ...  12   Replacing Tantalum Bypass Capacitors with ...  8   15 Views of Printed Electronics  6   Samsung Makes 10nm Qcomm SoC  5   Intels Nervana Attacks GPUs  4   Bosch CEO: Hanging on to Lead  2   Project volume hides Indias solar reality  1   Smartphone-Bound VR/AR to Be Boosted by Lasers  1   Macom Buys Applied for Comms  1   Top 20 IC Ranking: Apple Rises Most Like Us on Facebook EE Times on Twitter follow us Tweets about "from:eetimes" Sign up for EE Times newsletter GLOBAL NETWORK EE Times Asia EE Times China EE Times Europe EE Times India EE Times Japan EE Times Korea EE Times Taiwan EDN Asia EDN China EDN Japan ESC Brazil Communities EE Times | EDN | EBN | DataSheets.com | Embedded | TechOnline | Design News | DesignCon | ESC Working With Us: About | Editorial Policies | Contact Us | Media Kits | Reprints Terms of Service | Privacy Statement | Copyright © 2016 AspenCore All Rights Reserved To rate this item, click on a rating below. [close this box]   To save this item to your list of favorite EE Times content so you can find it later in your Profile page, click the "Save It" button next to the item.   If you found this interesting or useful, please use the links to the services below to share it with other readers. You will need a free account with each service to share an item via that service. Tweet This [close this box] Latest News Semiconductor News Blogs Message Boards Advanced Technology Analog Boards/Buses Electromechanical Embedded Tools FPGAs/PLDs IP/EDA Logic & Interfaces Memory Operating Systems Optoelectronics Passives Power Processors RF/Microwave Sensors & Transducers Test & Measurement ARM Techcon DesignCon Designers of Things ESC EETimes University Tech Papers Courses    Fundamentals Webinars Design West DesignCon ARM Techcon
null
News Feature articles Blog posts Podcasts Shortbread Forums Intel announces next-gen Knights Mill Xeon Phi accelerator by Bruno Ferreira  10:29 AM on August 18, 2016 You may all be wondering what's up with the Internet's coverage of IDF, since there wasn't a lot of news coming from that front yesterday. And yet, all of a sudden, something big comes along. The item in question is called Knights Mill, a codename for the next generation of Intel's HPC-oriented Xeon Phi processors. Our own Jeff Kampman has his boots on the ground as we speak, and he took a snapshot of Intel's announcement during a session: Personally most excited about the next gen of Xeon Phi #IDF16 pic.twitter.com/FtopKpwEab — Jeff Kampman (@jkampman_tr) August 17, 2016 Put simply, Knights Mill is an upgraded version of the current-generation Knighs Landing CPUs. For those to whom either "Xeon Phi" or the whole "Knights" naming doesn't really ring a bell: these CPUs differ from the more "normal" models by offering many dozens of small cores instead of a few "big" ones. They're targeted at HPC and machine learning tasks. One perusal through Intel's ARK is all you need: the current-generation models pack somewhere from 64 to 72 cores and many more threads. Intel says the Knights Mill models should offer better efficiency when compared to their predecessors, as well as "enhanced variable precision," which we take to mean improved floating-point support. Like current chips, Knights Mill CPUs will have a slice of RAM directly stacked on top of CPU (current Xeon Phis pack 16GB.) The company hopes the new CPUs to be gracing enormous clusters worldwide come 2017. Since we're on the topic of Knight's Mill, it's interesting to look back at how the perceived-as-failed Larrabee went from being advertised as a graphics card to actually power the "Knights" series of Xeon Phi CPUs. In a personal blog entry, Larrabee architect Tom Forsyth lays out a bit of history on the chip and goes on to detail what it was meant to be, what it wasn't, and the public perception of the whole thing. If the fact that "Larrabee = Xeon Phi" comes as an overlooked and surprising fact (including to a good portion of the TR staff), by all means, go read Mr. Forsyth's account. Tags: CPUs Servers Register | Remember me View options x Subscriber options: E-mail me when people reply to my comments Comment sorting order: Flat, chronologicalNo threading. Oldest comments shown first, bulletin-board style. Flat, reverse-chronologicalNo threading. Newest comments shown first. Processing... Saved! Loading... View full site Copyright ©1999-2016 The Tech Report. All rights reserved.
null
null
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Business More News Features Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger Patrick Norton More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best Of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Computing > Intel wants Windows 10 tablets to be just as thin… Intel wants Windows 10 tablets to be just as thin as the iPad Pro By Justin Pot — August 17, 2016 1:33 PM Subscribe to this topic Bill Roberson/Digital Trends Get our daily Tech News recap Mentioned here Acer Switch Alpha 12 MSRP $699.99 Learn More Also mentioned Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Huawei Matebook Apple iPad Pro 12.7 Intel wants hybrid tablets to get thinner, down to 0.27 inches to be exact, and has advice for OEMs for getting there. The company gave recommendations at the Intel Developer Forum in San Francisco, Lilputing is reporting. OEMs should consider ditching the fan, using MicroSD ports instead of full-sized ones, replacing USB Type-A with the smaller USB Type-C, and putting the circuit board in the middle of the tablet instead of on the sides, to save on internal cables. Related: Nobody wants Intel’s Core M processor, and Computex proves it All that could get things down to 0.27, but the current sweet spot, according to an Intel slide, is 0.31 to 0.37 inches. A quick look at tablets we’ve recently reviewed suggests this is accurate: Acer Switch Alpha 12: 0.59 inches Surface Pro 4: 0.333 inches Lenovo ThinkPad X1 tablet: 0.33 inches Huawei Matebook: 0.27 inches iPad Pro: 0.27 inches The Acer Switch Alpha 12 falls outside Intel’s sweet spot, and from experience we can tell you that it feels bulky. That tablet sports a Core i5 processors, and uses liquid cooling, which of necessity takes up more space. The Matebook, meanwhile, is super thin and light, but is a little short on power, especially considering the price point. Occupying the Goldilocks space outlined by Intel are the Surface Pro 4 and the ThinkPad X1. We feel like both these machines managed to offer a considerable amount of computing heft without sacrificing portability. The goal, then, is for devices like these to eventually fit into the current form factor of the Matebook and the iPad Pro. A few of the suggestions outlined by Intel include: Switching to OLED displays, instead of cheaper, thicker LCDs Single-sided circuit boards Reduce I/O connectors, using USB-C instead Solder cards like Wi-Fi into place, instead of offering replaceable parts What does this all mean for users? That tablets are going to get thinner, but possibly harder to repair. It’s a trade-off for sure, but for now it seems like one the market demands. It will be interesting to see if more OEMs manage to hit 0.27 inches without compromising power, and we’ll let you know when that happens. Also watch: Microsoft adds a robot guards, ushers in Sci-Fi apocalypse Please enable Javascript to watch this video
M Wednesday, Nov 23 2016 | Updated at 03:32 PM EST Stay Connected With Us F T R Opinion Academics Students Special Reports Sports Finance Tech Career College Video Aug 18, 2016 07:28 AM EDT By Shunie Pearl C. Dela Cruz, UniversityHerald Reporter 'USB-C vs Lightning’ Connector: Sorry Intel, Apple Will Not Utilized USB-C; They’re going Wireless for iPhones SAN FRANCISCO - JANUARY 15: The iPod touch is on display at the the Moscone Center at the 2008 Macworld Conference and Expo January 15, 2007 in San Francisco, California. The annual conference and expo by Apple runs through January 18. (Photo : David Paul Morris/Getty Images) It's time to say goodbye to 3.5 millimeter headphone jack as Intel is serious in pushing through the USB Type-C to replace the old audio jack. However, it seems like Apple will not yet to the trend and continues to use the proprietary lightning connector to their new iPhone models instead of the USB Type-C port. Apple preferred lightning connector over USB-C for iPhones Apple has completely ditches the idea of USB-C port for iPhones and preferred lightning connector instead. Though it's worth mentioning that Apple adopted the said port for their 12-inch MacBook laptop, this time the tech giant utilized the proprietary connector according to Mac Rumors. Apple is already known for utilizing its own connectors between 2003 and 2012 for iPhone, iPod and iPad. The most noteworthy was the MagSafe connector used in laptops models beyond the 12-inch MacBook. Intel pushes for USB-C Port Intel is pushing USB-C Port as replacement for the traditional 3.5 millimeter audio jack. According to Apple Insider, Intel is impressed with the features of the port include better sound, power management and thinness.  The chip-maker company dubbed USB-C as the best option for accessory makers. USB-C Port vs Lightning Connector First and foremost, the obvious reason why Apple chose lightning over USB-C port is it proprietary and they have full control of it. To be able to know the advantage and disadvantage of the two ports with each other, a comparison of the two was made by Dave Haynie a forum commenter of the website Quora. According to Haynie, USB-C port scored high when it comes to durability due to its ability to handle more signals than lightning connector. Another advantage of USB-C is its visibility in the years to come. Being the new standard port soon, people can always replace an old cable when damaged than replacing the phone when the lightning connector wears off.  Tags USB C vs Lightning, USB Type-C, Apple Lightning Connector, apple latest news, MacBoo Pro released date, iPhone 7 Release Date, USB-C Port © 2016 University Herald, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles ‘Pokemon GO’ Updates: Pokesniper Cheating Is Possible without Getting Banned ... ‘Dragon Ball Super’ Updates: The Series Will End at Episode 55; Son Goku Wil ... ‘Leaked NSA Hacking Tools’: US Darkest Secrets Revealed Through the Leaked C ... ‘Apple vs Microsoft’ Battle: Apple Claimed iPad Pro a Computer? Microsoft Re ... ‘Google Duo’ Review: Bridges the Gap between Android and iOS; Makes You See ... Join the Conversation Must Read Surprising Early Careers of 9 Famous People Nov 21, 2016 PM ESTNot all of the big names we've known have been popular or well known from the very start. Here are just some of those famous people who had weird and ... Tips To Help You Impress People at Work During Meetings Nov 21, 2016 PM ESTHere are some tips to help you impress your bosses and coworkers in every company meeting. ... Job Interview: Things You Should Never Ever Say Nov 21, 2016 PM ESTIt is during your job interviews that you convince your hiring manager why you should be hired above everyone else, and it's important for you to be ... Resume Review: 17 Things You Should Remove from Your Resume Immediately Nov 21, 2016 AM ESTSometimes, the real problem with a resume is that it says so much that it has little to offer. ... Most Popular ‘The Winds of Winter’ Release Date: Sixth Book Will Be Launched with ‘Game of Thrones’ Prequel in Spring 2017? [RUMORS] Nov 22, 2016 AM ESTA reported development of the status of “The Winds of Winter” has lead to a conclusion that the sixth book of “A Song of Ice and Fire” novel ... The Shocking Truth About Math: It Is Omnipresent Except In One Place Nov 21, 2016 AM ESTIt is true that math is in every fiber of the society. However, there is one important place where it is missing. Find out where it is. ... ‘Pokemon GO’ Thanksgiving Event: Niantic Hints on Legendary Pokemon Articuno Released? [VIDEO] Nov 22, 2016 AM ESTNiantic has prepared something special to all Pokemon GO players worldwide for the Thanksgiving Event celebration. Aside from the rewards and bonuses, ... AMD Radeon RX 490: Release Delayed, Eyes Possible Mid-2017 Release Instead [Video] Nov 21, 2016 AM ESTThe AMD Radeon RX 490 graphics card is a 4K gaming class GPU that boasts of a memory interface larger than 256bit, reportedly going to be delayed ... Android 7.0 Nougat Rollout to Motorola Handsets – Check if Moto G4, Moto G4 Plus are Included [VIDEO] Nov 21, 2016 AM ESTFinally, the long wait is over for the Motorola handsets owners as the latest android beta program has rolled out to its selected devices. Read more ... Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 to be Google Pixel C Killer? Release Date to Coincide with Galaxy Note 8 [RUMOR] Nov 21, 2016 AM ESTA recent leak suggests that Galaxy Tab S3 performance could beat Google Pixel C ... 'Star Wars Battlefront' News & Update: 'Rogue One' DLC Revealed! Fans Awarded On Anniversary Celebration! [VIDEO] Nov 21, 2016 AM ESTEA DICE announces more details regarding the last DLC for its "Star Wars Battlefront" game. ... Canadian University Students Slammed For Throwing Party With Racism As Theme Nov 23, 2016 AM ESTCanadian students from Queen's University are facing backlash for throwing a party with racism as theme. ... Nintendo 'Cyber Deals' Black Friday Goes to Europe: Up to 40% Off for Your Most-Favorite Games and Consoles Nov 22, 2016 AM ESTNintendo 'Black Friday' event will go to Europe as eShop will be joining other US stores to offer discounts for products purchase. ... Apple Black Friday 2016 Deals: iPhone 7, iPad Pro, MacBook Air Best Price; Check Out Top Deals! Nov 21, 2016 AM ESTCheck out iPhone, iPad, MacBook Air and many other Apple products that will get the best deals on Black Friday! ... Get Our FREE Newsletters Stay Connected With Us F T R About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Us Copyright © 2016 UNIVERSITY HERALD All rights reserved. Use of this Web site constitutes acceptance of our Terms and Conditions of Use and Privacy Policy.
null
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Facebook Pinterest Twitter YouTube Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf Apple Finally Gives Something Away for Free iPhone and iPad Tech News Apple Finally Gives Something Away for Free Dave Parrack Asus ZenFone 3 Review and Giveaway Android Product Reviews Asus ZenFone 3 Review and Giveaway Riley J. Dennis Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: Does Windows 10 Freeze Your Computer? Try This! Windows Does Windows 10 Freeze Your Computer? Try This! Joe Keeley August 18, 2016 18-08-2016 5 minutes Does Windows 10 Freeze Your Computer? Try This! Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Ads by Google For many the move to the Windows 10 Anniversary update How to Get the Windows 10 Anniversary Update Now How to Get the Windows 10 Anniversary Update Now Windows 10 is receiving a major upgrade this month. The Anniversary Update is rolling out slowly. We show you how to upgrade now, how to delay the upgrade, and which pitfalls to watch out for. Read More has gone smoothly, but some users are experiencing constant freezing, with either the entire system locking up or specific elements like the Taskbar not responding. Microsoft has acknowledged the problem and is actively working on a patch, but until then you’ll need to follow the steps below if you’re suffering from this freezing problem post-update. Update: Microsoft released a Cumulative Update on August 31, which is supposed to fix freezing in Windows 10; the update is rolled out automatically. If you’re still experience the issue, first make sure update KB3176938 was installed. This update brings your Windows build number to 14393.105. To check your build number, press Windows key + Q, type winver, and hit Enter. If this update was installed, but didn’t fix the freezes, go ahead and try the alternative solutions below. What Causes the Freezing? This particular freezing problem is caused by the recent Anniversary Update, which added a number of new features to Windows 10. 9 Windows 10 Anniversary Update Features You'll Love 9 Windows 10 Anniversary Update Features You'll Love Are you still on the fence about the Windows 10 Anniversary Update? We have summarized the most important new features. Be sure to try all of them if you've already upgraded! Read More Users have reported that their system freezes; some for 20/30 second periods, others permanently. According to Microsoft, the problem is affecting users who have their operating system installed on a SSD and their apps and data stored on another drive. However, there have been reports from some users who don’t match this description and are still having the problem. Ads by Google It seems likely that multiple culprits cause people’s systems to freeze and Microsoft has identified only one of those. Read on to find out how to solve this issue. Boot into Safe Mode You’ll need to boot your system into Safe Mode to perform the steps below, otherwise your system is probably just going to freeze! To do this, first restart your system. When on the sign in screen, hold Shift and select Power > Restart. When your system restarts to the Choose an option screen, select Troubleshoot > Advanced options > Startup Settings > Restart. Once complete, you’ll see a list of choices, so press F4 to choose to boot in Safe Mode. If you need other methods, check out our guide on how to boot into Safe Mode How to Boot Into Windows 10 Safe Mode How to Boot Into Windows 10 Safe Mode Safe Mode is an inbuilt troubleshooting feature that allows you to fix issues at the root, without non-essential applications interfering. You can access Safe Mode in various ways, even if Windows 10 no longer boots. Read More . 1. Change App Install Location Press Windows key + I to open Settings. From here, navigate to System > Storage. Beneath Save locations, use the New apps will save to dropdown to switch it to the same drive that your operating system is installed on. Then click Apply and restart. This isn’t going to work for everyone, partly because you might not be able to fit all that data on a single drive. 2. Disable AppXSvc AppX Deployment Service (AppXSvc) is a service that supports the deployment of Store applications. Disabling this can stop Store applications running correctly, though not necessarily, and that might be preferable to constant freezing anyway. To disable this we need to head into the registry. Press Windows key + R, input regedit and then click OK. Always be careful when editing the registry How Not to Accidentally Mess Up the Windows Registry How Not to Accidentally Mess Up the Windows Registry Working with the Windows registry? Take note of these tips, and you'll be much less likely to do lasting damage to your PC. Read More as it can mess up your system if you fiddle incorrectly. Once in the Registry Editor, navigate down the following folder path: HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SYSTEM\ControlSet001\Services\AppXSvc When here, double click the Start DWORD in the right-hand pane. Change the Value data to 4, click OK, then restart your system. Change this back to 3 if you want to enable AppXSvc again. 3. Install Intel Rapid Storage Technology Driver This fix could work for you, you’re using an Intel CPU and one or multiple serial ATA (SATA) or PCIe drives. Intel Rapid Storage Technology is primarily used for creation and management of RAID performance, but it can also be used on single drives. While Windows 10 is able to natively handle this without the support of third-party drivers, some users have reported that installing this Intel driver solved their freezing. To get the driver, navigate to Intel’s driver page and download the latest version. Unzip the file and run the installer within, then follow the steps through. Once the driver has installed you’ll need to restart your system. 4. Uninstall Antivirus Microsoft has reported that having an outdated antivirus installed can cause problems and suggests uninstalling the software and then installing the newer version. Your mileage with this will vary, but it’s worth a shot. Do a system search for uninstall a program and select the relevant result. Select your antivirus from the list and click Uninstall/Change. Follow the wizard through and then restart your system. You can then go ahead and install your antivirus again, downloading the latest version direct from the developer. However, you might find the inbuilt Windows Defender a suitable replacement How to Use Windows Defender Malware Protection on Windows 10 How to Use Windows Defender Malware Protection on Windows 10 Like any Windows operating system, Windows 10 is open to abuse and vulnerable to online threats. Security software is mandatory. Windows Defender is a good place to start and we guide you through the setup. Read More . 5. Create a New User Account Some users have reported that creating a new local account Fix Windows Issues by Creating a New User Account Fix Windows Issues by Creating a New User Account Have you been troubleshooting a Windows issue to no avail? Creating a new user account could be your last resort. It's tricky, but we'll show you how to do it right. Read More solves the problem. To do this, press Windows key + I to open Settings. Then navigate to Accounts > Family & other people. Beneath Other people, click Add someone else to this PC. On the new window, click I don’t have this person’s sign-in information. Then click Add a user without a Microsoft account. Fill out the fields and click Next. Then log out of your account and into the new one. 6. Rollback to the Previous Version If it’s been less than 10 days since you updated then you can still roll back to an earlier build 3 Ways to Downgrade Windows 10 & Rollback to Windows 7 or 8.1 Indefinitely 3 Ways to Downgrade Windows 10 & Rollback to Windows 7 or 8.1 Indefinitely You've either upgraded to Windows 10 to secure a free copy or were upgraded forcefully. We share three tricks that will help you downgrade now or later and save you if your upgrade failed. Read More . To do this, press Windows key + I to open Settings. Navigate to Update & security > Recovery. Beneath Go back to an earlier build, click Get started and follow the instructions. If this option isn’t available then you could download an ISO for a previous Windows 10 version and install from that. However, Microsoft doesn’t provide these, so you’ll have to get one from an unofficial source or use one you’ve previously created. If you have one available, check out our guide on how to create Windows 10 installation media How to Create Windows 10 Installation Media How to Create Windows 10 Installation Media Regardless of how you arrived at Windows 10, there's a way to create your own installation media. Sooner or later you might need it. Let us show you how to be prepared. Read More . Wait it Out If none of this is working for you then the best answer might be to wait it out. Microsoft is working on a solution for this and it’s expected that they’ll keep posting progress updates on their official forum, though at time of writing there’s no estimated date for when the patch will be out. Nevertheless, this isn’t a shining moment for Microsoft, who decided that Windows 10 would force updates on users Pros & Cons of Forced Updates in Windows 10 Pros & Cons of Forced Updates in Windows 10 Updates will change in Windows 10. Right now you can pick and choose. Windows 10, however, will force updates onto you. It has advantages, like improved security, but it can also go wrong. What's more... Read More . Considering that all the updates go through various rounds of testing, it’s surprising that this problem wasn’t caught. Has the advice here helped you resolve your freezing problems? Do you have your own tips to share? Previous PostHow to Safely Stress Test Your (Overclocked) CPU, GPU, and RAMNext PostHow to Get Rid of the Tab Preview Feature in Edge 21 comments Write a Comment Bess October 5, 2016 at 1:32 pm Step 2 made things like 8 times worse, and I'm not sure why. Now nothing is working - I'm sure it's on me, but if you're going to try it please be super careful! Reply Joe Keeley October 5, 2016 at 5:58 pm Hey Bess - Please can you explain what's not working after following step 2? Remember, you can put the value back to 3 to revert your changes. Reply David L September 29, 2016 at 10:34 am My PC was freezing if I left it alone for 5 minutes. Once frozen it stayed that way for between 8 and 10 minutes before coming back again. If I kept on using it the freeze did not happen. By a process of elimination I eventually narrowed it down to the task running cleanmgr.exe which waited for the PC to be idle for 5 minutes before commencing. I deleted that task and I have not had a freeze since. Reply dan August 26, 2016 at 5:58 am Is it best to have the OS installed on an SSD and the data on an HDD, or vice versa? Reply Tina Sieber August 30, 2016 at 4:07 pm Your OS and all other frequently used files should be on the SSD for best performance. HDD can be used when read speeds don't matter (e.g. for small, light files). If storage space on your SSD is a limitation, you'll want to store the bulk of your data / backups on a HDD because HDD space is cheaper. Always have a backup! Reply dan August 30, 2016 at 8:33 pm Tina, If the OS gets loaded into RAM after bootup, other than perhaps speeding the boot process why not just store the OS on the HDD instead of taking up expensive real estate on the SSD? Thanks for your reply, Dan Reply Tina Sieber August 30, 2016 at 8:46 pm Good point, Dan! When I was speaking of the OS, I was also thinking of programs and apps. But you made me think... If RAM is big enough to load all system files necessary to run the system, which is probably the case with many setups, then it makes sense to store the OS on the HDD because read/write speed only matters at boot and shutdown and is negligible. For best performance, applications should still be run from the SSD, unless you never use more of them at the same time than can be handled by your RAM. Chrome makes me struggle with that. :) Alternatively, you could outsource the paging file to your SSD. drb August 30, 2016 at 9:07 pm Thanks for your thoughts. Sometimes there are no clear answers. Dan Andrew August 25, 2016 at 1:19 pm PS I meant updates to 1511 since deployment of 1607 Reply Andrew August 25, 2016 at 1:18 pm I had this one with a laptop fitted with a hybrid drive and originally delivered with Win8. . I initiated the upgrade myself so I had backups of everything. It was completely locked after the update I tried booting in safe mode and doing a restore which failed. I then tried doing a reset which also failed. I then did a clean install of 1607 which worked fine. Conclusion: there's something missing in the 1607 update which is present in the full install. I've noticed that Microsoft has still deployed updates since the rollout of 1607 started. Reply mIke August 23, 2016 at 11:23 pm So to put it bluntly, Microsoft don't really know whats causing this but expect their users to debug their problems for them free of charge ! Reply James Van Damme August 23, 2016 at 6:42 pm Boot off Linux flash drive and hit "install". Wait 10 minutes. Enjoy. Reply Skip Spurgeon August 20, 2016 at 12:50 pm Step 2 worked to get my ssd laptop running again. Thank you. When trying to 'roll back to previous version' I could not get to the Update & security > Recovery screen. Now that it is running, I can get to it and have the option to uninstall latest update. Should I do that? Or just wait until MS gets the patch out? All is good right now thanks to you. Reply Joe Keeley August 20, 2016 at 12:55 pm Glad to hear that, Skip. If I was in your shoes and everything else was still running fine, I'd probably wait until the patch instead of rolling back. But rolling back is a fine choice if you'd prefer that! Reply Ankit August 20, 2016 at 4:13 am Thank you! I have the same problem and on an ssd laptop that too! Will try the solutions and/or wait for Microsoft to fix it! Reply Joe Keeley August 20, 2016 at 12:55 pm No problem, Ankit! Let us know how you get on. Reply Maitreya Vyas August 19, 2016 at 8:22 am Forced BSoD -_- Reply Brett Medley August 19, 2016 at 6:44 am My computer doesnt freeze up for a few seconds like other reports, my computer is able to stay on for up to 10 minutes until it freezes over entirely and the only thing I can do is turn it off and back on again bedore the same thing happens. I basically have a dead laptop. Reply Joe Keeley August 20, 2016 at 12:56 pm Brett, did this start happening after the Anniversary Update? If so, you may find the solutions above still work for you. Reply Kevin September 13, 2016 at 3:16 am Me to , no solutions helped Reply David L September 29, 2016 at 10:36 am See my comment re cleanmgr.exe. Remove that task and see if it works for you. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Joe Keeley 91 articles Joe is a freelancer writer based in England. Ask me about Loom. Advertisement Latest Giveaways Google Pixel XL Review and Giveaway Google Pixel XL Review and Giveaway Kannon Yamada November 22, 2016 22-11-2016 Asus ZenFone 3 Review and Giveaway Asus ZenFone 3 Review and Giveaway Riley J. Dennis November 18, 2016 18-11-2016 PlayStation VR Review and Massive Giveaway PlayStation VR Review and Massive Giveaway James Bruce November 16, 2016 16-11-2016 Advertisement Trending Apple Finally Gives Something Away for Free iPhone and iPad Tech News Apple Finally Gives Something Away for Free Dave Parrack November 21, 2016 21-11-2016 Why the Heck Were Samsung’s Batteries Exploding Anyway? Technology Explained Why the Heck Were Samsung’s Batteries Exploding Anyway? Derek Walsh November 18, 2016 18-11-2016 Asus ZenFone 3 Review and Giveaway Android Product Reviews Asus ZenFone 3 Review and Giveaway Riley J. Dennis November 18, 2016 18-11-2016 Advertisement Related Articles 8 Great Gift Ideas for Netflix Addicts Entertainment 8 Great Gift Ideas for Netflix Addicts Philip Bates November 23, 2016 23-11-2016 Twitter Is Killing Off Vine: Here’s Where to Go Instead Social Media Twitter Is Killing Off Vine: Here’s Where to Go Instead Nancy Messieh November 23, 2016 23-11-2016 10 Ways to Ruin Your Budget This Christmas Finance 10 Ways to Ruin Your Budget This Christmas Christian Cawley November 23, 2016 23-11-2016 Advertisement Latest Deals Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2016 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
The Indian Express Nation World Opinion Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Home Compare News Mobile & Tabs Gadgets Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Tech News Intel’s Silicon Photonics is a small form-factor chip for data communications applications Intel’s Silicon Photonics is a small form-factor chip for data communications applications Intel and Microsoft claims silicon photonics will be key enabling technology to address networking challenges in the future By: Tech Desk | Published:August 18, 2016 8:33 pm Intel and Microsoft claims silicon photonics will be key enabling technology to address networking challenges in the future (Source: Intel) Intel has announced that it has achieved volume production and shipping in the form of 100G optical transceivers. The products, also called Silicon Photonics, are basically small form-factor, high speed and low power consumption products for use in data centers. Intel’s Silicon Photonics 100G PSM4 (Parallel Single Mode fiber 4-lane) and Silicon Photonics 100G CWDM4 (Coarse Wavelength Division Multiplexing 4-lane) are targeted for use in data communications applications for switch-to-switch optical interconnects. Intel and Microsoft claims silicon photonics will be key enabling technology to address networking challenges in the future. The commercialisation and volume deployment of silicon photonics has been anticipated by the data centre industry for years and with the new announcement, most optical networking vendors and operators can aim to integrate optics into silicon CMOS technology. While it won’t be a big deal for an average consumer, the technology does promise high-speed connectivity impossible to achieve through copper wires. Silicon Photonics also consume less power in comparison to copper wire implementation. Intel claims its silicon photonics technology can revolutionise the data center. With Silicon Photonics technology, Intel says it will be possible to move large amounts of information at 100 gigabit-per-second over long distances of up to several kilometers on fiber optic cables. Currently, Intel Silicon Photonics based products are being deployed to connect switches to switches in large data centers and will eventually connect optical network with servers. Genelia Deshmukh On Being A Mother And Bollywood Career Bigg Boss 10 November 22 Review: Bani Lashes Out At Swami Om, Manoj Punjabi Demonetisation: Supreme Court Refuses To Stay Proceedings Why Is Jammu Kashmir’s Machil Sector Seen As A Safe Passage For Infiltrators Amartya Sen No Longer Part Of Nalanda University Board Government Plans To Bring GST Bills As Money Bills: Here’s Why Demonetisation: Relief For Common Man: Find Out More Salman Khan And Family Celebrate Helen’s Birthday At Galaxy Apartments Demonetisation: Finance Minister Arun Jaitley Defends Government’s Move Aamir Khan’s Dangal Pales In Comparison To Surroundings Of Mahavir Singh Phogat’s Village J&K: 3 Soldiers Killed, Body Of One Mutilated In Machhal Sector PM Narendra Modi Asks People To Rate Demonetisation Ex-Gujarat Energy Minister Has Financial Interest In 8 Onshore Oil Blocks: Find Out More US President-Elect Donald Trump Lays Out Agenda For First 100 Days Modi Keynote Prank App Spurns Several Clones © The Indian Express Online Media Pvt Ltd Express TechIE Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Gionee S6 Xiaomi Mi 5 Best of Express 26/11 Stories of Strength presented by The Indian Express, Facebook & Instagram IndiaPakistan says three of its soldiers killed in cross border firing; 'response to ceasefire violations,' says Army BusinessHuge surge in Jan Dhan account deposits, Rs 21,000 crore mobilised IndiaNavjot Kaur Sidhu, Pargat Singh will join Congress on Nov 28: Amarinder Singh IndiaDemonetisation logjam: Govt reaches out to Opposition, PM likely to attend RS tomorrow BusinessFormer Tata Steel honcho rebuts Cyrus Mistry charges on Corus buy EntertainmentAlia Bhatt is like Jennifer Lawrence: a star who’s also terrific actor EntertainmentBefikre's song Khulke-Dhulke: Ranveer Singh, Vaani Kapoor and a Bollywood Punjabi wedding, watch video EntertainmentBaahubali 2 leaked scene may have done more good than harm EntertainmentSalman Khan meets his onscreen son Ali Haji after nine years. These pics will make you feel so old Must Read SportsFrom evergreen to never-green SportsWomen's team hurt by BCCI-ICC miscommunication SportsEver-evolving pink ball ticks a few more boxes TechnologyAsus Zenbook 3 UX390 Review: Sleek and powerful, but the price tag is high TechnologyFacebook claims its helping move business with real results TechnologyOnePlus 3 vs iPhone 6: Which is the better mid-range flagship? LifestyleWATCH: Priyanka Chopra's hairstylist reveals her style secrets (or at least tries to!) Nov 23: Latest News Excavated from Aarey metro 3 carshed: Archaeologist from MU to study artefacts Demonetisation: Wheat farmers have no cash for fertilisers, pesticides or labour Northeast cops on lookout for Rs 9 cr pushed by rebels ATM cash van guard ‘threatened’in Mumbai’s Pali Hill, Bandra Demonetisation: Apex court refuses to stay proceedings in other courts                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2016 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times DJIA ▲ 19074.00 0.26%   S&P 500 ▲ 2203.25 0.01%   Nasdaq ▲ 5374.31 -0.22%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ -13/32 yield 2.359%   Crude Oil ▲ 47.99 -0.08%   Euro ▲ 1.0556 -0.66%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In Amazon’s Holiday Deliveries Face Disruption From Pilot Strike A Ho-Hum Holiday for Videogame Sales China Circuit China’s Venture Firms Seek U.S. Deals Samsung Offices Raided by South Korean Prosecutors Twitter CEO’s Account Briefly Suspended HP Inc. Posts Revenue Increase as PC Business Rebounds Hewlett Packard Enterprise Profit Sinks Police Body Cameras Don’t Reduce Use of Force: Study Microsoft Offers EU Concessions to Win Approval for LinkedIn Deal Airbnb Settles New York State Suit, Focusing on City Credit-Card Breach Hits Madison Square Garden, Radio City Google Search Results Can Lean Liberal, Study Finds Facebook’s Drone Crash Prompts Safety Investigation Amazon Explores Rights for Live Sports Packages on Prime Pilots Strike at Cargo Carrier Serving DHL, Amazon.com Trade Groups Adopt Plan to Better Shield Depositors, Investors From Cyberattacks AppDynamics Postpones Planned December IPO Until Next Year Markets Presidio Files for IPO Apple to Replace Faulty Batteries in iPhone 6s Devices Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Tech Intel Unveils Plans for Artificial-Intelligence Chips Expects to deliver new version of the Xeon Phi processor next year By Don Clark Don Clark The Wall Street Journal CANCEL BiographyDon Clark @donal888 www.facebook.com/DonClark Don.Clark@wsj.com Aug. 17, 2016 3:36 p.m. ET Intel Corp. signaled it wants a bigger role in artificial intelligence, revealing plans to modify a line of chips to target a fast-growing market turning into a battleground for technology suppliers. The company told technology developers Wednesday that it plans next year to deliver a new version of the Xeon Phi processor—a product line previously targeted at scientific applications—with added features designed to accelerate tasks... To Read the Full Story, Subscribe or Sign In Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos Best Tech Gifts 2016 Trump Can Bypass Conflict of Interest Laws. Here's Why Opinion Journal: Hamilton Wrongs How Did the Dow Cross 19000? The Fixer: How to Salvage Your Worn iPhone Cords Most Popular Articles Romney Leads Trump’s Picks for Secretary of State Opinion: Democrats Are Obsessed With Race. Donald Trump Isn’t Opinion: Democracy’s Verdict on Clinton Donald Trump Jr. Held Talks on Syria With Russia Supporters Most Students Don’t Know When News Is Fake, Stanford Study Finds Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Home Home Home Home Home Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Home Home Home Home Home Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
null
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables Editors' Choice All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path WalmartBlackFriday TargetBlackFriday BestBuyBlackFriday PS4BlackFridayDeals ToysRUsBlackFriday Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ CPUs & Components/ Chipsets & Processors/ AMD Unveils Zen Microarchitecture Details AMD Unveils Zen Microarchitecture Details By Matthew Murray August 18, 2016 09:00am EST 10 Comments AMD's new high-end processor is designed to compete with Intel's offerings in the enthusiast and server markets. SAN FRANCISCO—Power users and enthusiasts who have been hoping for years that processor maker AMD would once again find a way to take on Intel may soon see their wish granted. Today, AMD announced more in-depth information about its upcoming Zen processing platform, a high-end line of chips designed to compete directly with Intel's newest top-of-the-line products. AMD President and CEO Lisa Su (pictured above) claimed in a Wednesday night press pre-briefing at the St. Regis hotel here that the new chips based on the Zen microarchitecture, which uses the company's current 14nm production process, will result in the "most competitive product lineup in a decade" when they are unveiled officially at the Hot Chips 28 symposium in Cupertino next week. But the sneak peek AMD provided, if a bit lacking in technical details, offered some tantalizing tidbits about what users can expect. According to AMD, Zen sports improvements in three major areas: performance, throughput, and efficiency. The Art of Zen In terms of performance, the Zen engine represents what Mark Papermaster, AMD's senior vice president and chief technical officer, called a "quantum leap in core execution capability." This comes from enhanced branch prediction to select the correct instructions, a micro-op cache for efficient op issue, a 1.75-times improvement in the instruction scheduler window and a 1.5-times improvement issue width and execution resources (compared with the previous Excavator microarchitecture), with the resulting instruction-level parallelism designed to deliver "dramatic gains in single-threaded performance." Altogether, per AMD, the Zen core achieves a "40 percent generational improvement in instructions per clock." Several alterations to the cache structure have been specifically aimed at improving bandwidth and reducing latency—each fivefold, per AMD's estimates. These include a "significantly enhanced" prefetcher, 8MB of shared L3 cache, a large unified L2 cache for instructions and data, and separate low-latency L1 instruction and L1 data caches. As for throughput, Papermaster touted Zen's new "simultaneous multithreading" technology, in which a thread appears the same as an independent core to software applications, and the gaps in utilization in high-performance cores can now be exploited for an additional thread. Finally, aggressive clock gating with multilevel regions, a write-back L1 cache, the large micro-op cache, the stack engine, and move elimination contribute to the Zen core's increased power efficiency. The use of the 14nm FinFET design, AMD said, allows for Zen to scale easily from client to enterprise-class products. Zen processors will, as of the Hot Chips launch, be divided into two families. The first, code-named "Summit Ridge," is aimed at the enthusiast market and gamers interested in playing at 4K resolution. At least the top-end Summit Ridge chip will have eight cores (and thus 16 threads), run on the new AM4 platform, and have native support for DDR4 memory, PCI Express 3.0, second-generation USB 3.1, NVMe, and SATA Express. (Like other enthusiast chips from both AMD and Intel, Summit Ridge products will be of the traditional CPU style, without on-board graphics, and not the APU style that includes the graphics.) "Naples" is the second family, of server chips, and will boast at least one part with 32 cores and 64 threads. Performance How will Zen perform? A demonstration showed the new flagship Summit Ridge chip up against Intel's Broadwell-E–based Core i7-6900K, the company's second-most-powerful processor (after the Core i7-6950X Extreme Edition), which also has eight cores and 16 threads. The proving ground was a multithreaded Blender benchmark challenge that Summit Ridge just won. Although AMD representatives remained mum about the clock speed of the Summit Ridge chip, they said that both it and the Skylake processor had been clocked to 3GHz. (The base frequency of the Core i7-6900K is 3.2GHz.) At the press briefing, AMD unveiled several stations at which the new Zen processors could be examined and sampled in their native environments: in a dual-processor (2P) server, in a workstation (loaded with a Radeon Pro video card), as the centerpiece of a VR system, and as the power behind a 4K gaming rig. Without Intel comparison systems on hand, it was difficult to objectively judge the capabilities of the workstation or the gaming computers, though performance on all appeared exemplary. It was clear that AMD, like Intel, takes pride in being able to power VR on the PC side; but by also building the video cards needed to drive it visually, the company provides a complete solution that Intel cannot presently match. //Related Articles AMD Shows Off Full Radeon RX Line at E3 The Future of Zen Despite all that was revealed, there's a lot we still don't know about the Zen processors yet. We've already mentioned exact clock speeds, though in terms of performance it is expected to be "competitive," AMD representatives said, shortly before using the same word to describe the chips' power usage compared with Intel's offerings. No information was provided about the number of different processors available at launch. Nor was price revealed, though it was promised they would be priced higher than AMD's current-generation chips—which, given their much lower performance, is not a surprise. The final details will be released at or before Hot Chips. Su said that Summit Ridge chips could begin shipping by the end of 2016, and that Naples processors will be available in the first quarter of 2017. Zen-based APUs, which will include graphics processors, are likely to be seen in laptops in the second half of 2017, and embedded versions of both the CPU and APU variants will appear eventually as well. Back to top Previous : Intel: Silicon Photonics Enables 100 Gigabit Transfers Intel Unveils Kaby Lake Processor Details Next : By Matthew Murray Managing Editor, Hardware Matthew Murray got his humble start leading a technology-sensitive life in elementary school, where he struggled to satisfy his ravenous hunger for computers, computer games, and writing book reports in Integer BASIC. He earned his B.A. in Dramatic Writing at Western Washington University, where he also minored in Web design and German. He has been building computers for himself and others for more than 20 years, and he spent several years working in IT and helpdesk capacities before escaping into the far more exciting world... More » More Stories by Matthew Maingear, Unikrn Bet on PC Gaming's Future PC maker Maingear and e-sports betting service Unikrn join forces; PCMag sits down with their CEOs t... More » Nvidia Unveils GeForce GTX 1050 GPUs The 1050 and 1050 Ti are expected to hit shelves next week. More » Zotac Zbox Magnus EN980 The Zotac Zbox Magnus EN980 is designed to facilitate VR gaming in the living room. At this, it succ... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles 7 Things Not to Buy Before Black Friday Hands On With Snapchat Spectacles 9 Shows to Watch if You Love Westworld How Stoners Are Getting High (Tech) How to Capture Video Clips in Windows 10 10 Games Every Sony PlayStation 4 Player Needs »See More //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
null
  Subscribe SRSLY Podcast Follow us on Twitter New Statesman Podcast Home Politics Culture World Science & Tech More Our writers Long Reads New Times Magazine Events Brexit Subscribe Close menu Hey, Philip Hammond, where's that £350m for the NHS? The Staggers When the Autumn Statement shows the Tories are vulnerable, why can’t Labour hurt them? The Staggers Philip Hammond's modest break with George Osborne could become more radical UK The New Statesman and Speri Prize Lecture EVENTS Consumer CityMetric Business New Statesman Tech Spotlight Cyber View All Close menu Made in Prague: the psychological torment of Czech cinema is easy to admire but hard to recommend Film Why you should never blow a tyre in Norfolk’s premier dogging spot Health SRSLY #69: Fantastic Beasts / NW / Infinity Diaries Film The New Statesman and Speri Prize Lecture EVENTS Consumer CityMetric Business New Statesman Tech Spotlight Cyber View All Close menu Made in Prague: the psychological torment of Czech cinema is easy to admire but hard to recommend Film Donald Trump is the most Special Snowflake of them all North America As Sarkozy’s antithesis, François Fillon won a character contest – but can he win an election? Europe The New Statesman and Speri Prize Lecture EVENTS Consumer CityMetric Business New Statesman Tech Spotlight Cyber View All Close menu The UK is entering a draconian era of porn prohibition Privacy Welcome to the revolution … of digital healthcare Science & Tech #TrumpsComingChallenge: Destroying demagogues in the digital age Social Media The New Statesman and Speri Prize Lecture EVENTS Consumer CityMetric Business New Statesman Tech Spotlight Cyber View All Search Search form Search Menu Intel Corporation Show Hide image Technology 18 August 2016 What is merged reality and how will it affect your future? Two new examples of “merged reality” technology have been making waves, but what does it actually mean? By Amelia Tait Follow @@ameliargh         Print HTML This is your future: Windows At least according to Intel and Microsoft, who, at the Intel Developer Forum in San Francisco on Tuesday, discussed two new developments. The first is Project Alloy, a wireless headset that allows you to bring real objects into the virtual world using 3D cameras. The second is Windows Holographic Shell, and it does the reverse – allowing virtual computer screens, objects, and people into the real world. Both are examples of merged (or mixed) reality. Nice. Very good. Article over. Except, well, what does that mean? What is mixed/merged reality? In short, mixed reality is when the real and virtual world are merged and objects from both can interact. So, for example, if you were playing a virtual video game, you could pick up your nearby real-life water bottle and hit Dr Eggman over the head with it. Specifically, Intel’s Project Alloy uses mixed reality to allow people to use their real hands in the virtual world. Before this point, users had to hold controllers that represented their hands. Now, the headset’s RealSense cameras will detect your finger movements and allow you to manipulate virtual objects. It is quite an exciting development, but it also looks like this: Experience a whole new virtual world around you - #MergedReality #IDF16 pic.twitter.com/AKFrp9rqA2 — Intel (@intel) August 16, 2016 The headset will also allow you to see your friends in the virtual world, and keep the confines of the virtual world in the real world space around you. In short, this means less walking-into-walls than in a traditional virtual world.  The other development, Windows Holographic, uses the HoloLens headset to let you interact with holographic screens that display things like your emails and calendars. The HoloLens is also one single operating system for virtual reality, mixed reality, and augmented reality.﻿ According to Windows' promotional video, you can also visit the Pantheon. Windows via YouTube How is it different from virtual and augmented reality? Virtual reality is the umbrella term for all these magical artificial worlds that are popping up around us. Most commonly, users plonk on a headset and get a 360° view of an immersive fake world. Naturally, it’s thus far predominantly been used for video games and porn. Project Alloy, a 1st gen #VR solution - imagine merging realities and experience your world differently #IDF16 pic.twitter.com/ZUrKDZ57hT — Intel (@intel) August 16, 2016 Augmented reality – of which the most famous example is Pokemon Go – is when virtual stuff is added to your real world environment. The virtual reality element, ie. Pikachu, is overlayed onto the real world. This has been used for sporting events and tourism, as information about the game or place can be overlayed as you look around. Although this is similar to merged reality, Microsoft and Intel's new projects go further as they do not require sensors and are wireless, so more seemlessly merge the real and virtual worlds.  When is mixed reality coming to destroy life as we know it forever? Windows Holographic was unveiled last year, but the latest announcement revealed that it will be soaring into any Windows 10 user’s life next year. Project Alloy’s consumer release date is set for 2018, and for the time being, there is no word on the price. Although these are big developments, it could take years for the technology to become commonplace. In practice, although it sounds cool, there might not be much demand or it may be considered socially unacceptable (remember Google Glass, anyone?). What will it change about your life? Theoretically in a few years, you could attend a sporting event or concert without leaving your home. Ok, sure, TV has let you do this for a fair few decades, but Intel's CEO Brian Krzanich explains the difference in a Medium post: “Walk onto the field and right into the goalie box, or join the huddle, looking over the quarterback’s shoulder to see the calls before they’re played. Stand on the stage with your favorite band and feel the love of the fans from their point of view. Choose your experience and navigate it. It’s all up to you. The virtual world doesn’t need to be virtual; it can be real.” Krzanich also theorises that you could practise tennis without visiting a court, go on a virtual holiday, and – for some reason, if you were so inclined – play the piano and cello at the same time. Intel's announcement trailer also features a man enjoying a virtual party under the premise: “What if virtual reality felt less virtual and more real?” The idea is that people could come together to party while physically being in different parts of the world, and that you could physically walk around the party without the need for cords and controls. Sounds great, right? Except they then demonstrate that you can pause the party and throw a waiter in a pool. The fact the comment section is disabled says more about this then we ever could: For gamers, mixed reality will also potentially mean a better experience, whereby users can be completely immersed in fictional words by using their own hands and body instead of controllers.  In the world of work, Windows Holographic could let you have meetings with people where you're physically remote but virtually in the same place.  Finally, according to Windows’ video demonstration, you’ll also have a fake puppy. Windows via YouTube No word yet on whether it leaves fake mess to clean up too. › Stop moaning about Europe – Brexit is the least of our troubles Amelia Tait is a technology and digital culture writer at the New Statesman. Subscribe Most Popular Last 24 hours The UK is entering a draconian era of porn prohibition By Amelia Tait Pulled advertising, university newspaper bans: is backlash against UK tabloids justified? By Charlie Brinkhurst-Cuff This is the moment when Labour's poll rating gets a lot, lot worse By Glen O'Hara Tove Lo is the latest pop star to make a female masturbation-centric music video By Anna Leszkiewicz How startups and innovators will help power the energy revolution By Romilly Dennys More         Print HTML Related articles The UK is entering a draconian era of porn prohibition A terminally ill teenager is being preserved in hope of a future cure – what happens next? Did fake news on Facebook swing the US election? Subscription offer 12 issues for £12 + FREE book LEARN MORE Close This week’s magazine Getty Show Hide image Technology 17 November 2016 Did fake news on Facebook swing the US election? Its 1.7 billion users were treated to articles about how the Pope backs Trump and Clinton is dying. It's time to accept Facebook is a force in politics.   By Helen Lewis Follow @@helenlewis         Print HTML Did you know that the Pope endorsed Donald Trump? Admittedly, there are many reasons you might have missed this particular piece of information, not least the fact it’s not true. How about Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly being sacked for supporting Hillary Clinton? Also false. Yet during the US election fake news spread so widely that even senior politicians regurgitated its main themes: “Go online and put down ‘Hillary Clinton illness’ and take a look at the videos yourself,” the Trump supporter Rudy Giuliani told Fox News in August. He was referring to a long-standing conspiracy theory that she was concealing a diagnosis of Parkinson’s disease. What drives these online rumour mills? Since the election, a large part of the blame has fallen on Facebook, where the Megyn Kelly rumour trended in August soon after the company sacked its human moderators and replaced them with an algorithm. Simply, fake news exists because it makes money. Between them, Facebook and Google control 64 per cent of the digital advertising market, and it’s possible to make a good living by running a parasitical Facebook page filled with content scraped from other websites. Strongly partisan political content is particularly well suited to this model. As the former Facebook product designer Bobby Goodlatte put it: “Sadly, [Facebook’s]News Feed optimises for engagement. As we’ve learned in this election, bullshit is highly engaging.” Trump (and, to a lesser extent, Bernie Sanders) has many fans who are convinced that the mainstream media are biased and corrupt. And, responding to these voters’ desire to read “what the MSM won’t tell you” – often because it wasn’t true – came a legion of chancers intent on making a quick buck. In one case uncovered by BuzzFeed, 100 pro-Trump pages were being run by teenagers in one town in Macedonia; in another example in the New York Times, a 35-year-old man from St Louis was making $22,000 a month by outsourcing content production to a couple in the Philippines. I chased one source of the Pope news to a website called wtoe5news.com, which sells itself as “Your local news now”. The site itself was a hollow shell. Clicking on the “Weather” tab brought up a video headlined “Jay Pharoah Acts Out a Secret Meeting Between Black Comedians”; under “Community” was Ben Affleck looking sad. The whole site seemed to exist only to surround the Pope story with plausible architecture. Although let’s be realistic: among the 99,000 people who shared it on Facebook, how many clicked through to WTOE5, as opposed to just reading the headline and hitting “Share”? Tucked away on the About page was a disclaimer: “Most articles on wtoe5news.com are satire or pure fantasy.” Facebook is trying to remove hoax and “satire” sites such as this one; recent changes to its news feed have downgraded them in favour of more established outlets. A more difficult case is something like the American Patriot page, which has more than 500,000 followers and has a grey verified tick, certifying that Facebook has “confirmed this is an authentic page for this business or organisation”. The Patriot’s stories skirt the edge of total bollocks, rather than being flat-out lies. “Christmas lights now banned as ‘security’ threat”, says one. “Everyone Noticed One Thing About Hillary’s Clothes During Her Concession Speech”, says another. Facebook would argue that its verification mark is no reflection on the quality of stories, just that they are coming from the organisation named on the page. But it’s hard to see American Patriot as a news organisation in the way that the BBC is. Still, is it Facebook’s place to make editorial judgements like that? Mark Zuckerberg says no; he has always maintained that he runs a platform, not a publisher. And there’s another problem. The sites peddling bullshit on Facebook are disproportionately right-wing. They are a extension of the alternative media – Fox News, talk radio, Breitbart – built by conservatives over two decades to redress what they saw as the liberal bias of the mainstream. If Facebook goes after fake news in a big way, it will disproportionately affect right-wing pages. And if you put that together with a site that is petrified about appearing biased (and has a prominent Trump supporter, ­Peter Thiel, on its board), what happens? A retreat into “objectivity” that actually benefits the right. Some will say: why all this focus on Facebook when the mainstream media also publish misleading articles? The first reason is the site’s sheer size (1.7 billion users) and reach (44 per cent of us get our news there). Admittedly, the rest of the media are also irritated that Facebook is taking digital advertising dollars that might have replaced their own falling print revenues. They wouldn’t mind it being taken down a peg or two. On Facebook, there is also far less visibility and accountability. When the Sun and the Mail published a false tale about Jeremy Corbyn “dancing a jig” on Remembrance Sunday, they were forced to remove the stories after an outcry. Crucially, enough people saw the fake news, and knew whom to complain to, for it to be taken down. That process is much harder on the sprawling, decentralised world of social networks. Facebook is also where politics happens now. It is vital for fundraising – the Trump campaign said it was their single most important source of donations – and its built-in tools for advertisers allow endless A/B testing of messages to find the perfect one that resonates with voters. For those who wondered where Trump’s “ground game” was – his Get Out the Vote operation – there’s a simple answer: Facebook. As for the Pope, two days before the election, he warned about fear, intolerance and “physical or social walls”. So probably not a huge Trump supporter, then. Helen Lewis is deputy editor of the New Statesman. She has presented BBC Radio 4’s Week in Westminster and is a regular panellist on BBC1’s Sunday Politics. Subscribe This article first appeared in the 17 November 2016 issue of the New Statesman, Trump world Most Popular Last 24 hours The UK is entering a draconian era of porn prohibition By Amelia Tait Pulled advertising, university newspaper bans: is backlash against UK tabloids justified? By Charlie Brinkhurst-Cuff This is the moment when Labour's poll rating gets a lot, lot worse By Glen O'Hara Tove Lo is the latest pop star to make a female masturbation-centric music video By Anna Leszkiewicz How startups and innovators will help power the energy revolution By Romilly Dennys More         Print HTML Related articles Made in Prague: the psychological torment of Czech cinema is easy to admire but hard to recommend Donald Trump is the most Special Snowflake of them all As Sarkozy’s antithesis, François Fillon won a character contest – but can he win an election? Subscription offer 12 issues for £12 + FREE book LEARN MORE Close This week’s magazine © New Statesman 1913 - 2016 About us About us Advertising Contact us History Privacy policy RSS feeds Subscribe Terms and conditions Supplements CLOSE GOOD JOURNALISM IS NEEDED MORE THAN EVER. SUPPORT US TODAY. Trump, Brexit, the rise of the far right across Europe – these are turbulent times for the world. Help us hold our leaders to account and tell the stories the world needs to hear. Support the New Statesman by taking out a subscription here or making a donation here. The fight back begins now. SUBSCRIBE HERE Close
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Crews adorn Esther Short tree with 11,000 bulbs for Friday ceremony Police investigate body found along Columbia River in Vancouver Deputies investigate strong-arm robbery in Hazel Dell parking lot Sheriff’s Office: Woman rescued from fire, arrested for arson Two arrested following Hazel Dell armed robbery Woman’s engagement ring stolen at Macy’s Black Lives Matter meet, discuss goals with schools Police Activities League gives holiday food baskets Portland man’s conviction overturned Man gets 20 years for kidnapping, assault David Madore buys Living Hope Church for $4.7M Madore Properties, an LLC owned by David Madore, has purchased Living Hope Church for $4,746,700. Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Twin Harbors beach to open for razor clams Spike elk hunters face longest odds Petersen blends in while building up UW RBs play key role in WSU’s Air Raid Porzingis, Rose help Knicks edge Blazers, 107-103 Skyview football team is turning early losses into postseason victories Mount Hood Meadows anticipates Friday opening Apple Cup ranks high East County Jets headed to Pop Warner National Championships Community scoreboard 11-21 Spike elk hunters face longest odds Most discriminating sportsmen in Eastern Washington come from the humble ranks of general tag holders Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories Five Trump business ties that pose conflicts Keeping politics off Thanksgiving menu Singletary: Getting a grasp on mutual funds U.S. existing home sales climb to highest since early 2007 Dow passes 19,000 as drive continues Clark County adds jobs in October, labor market improves AT&T defends free data to skeptical regulators Pilot strike threatens Amazon’s routes Open house in Tacoma invites LNG conversation Clark College targets manufacturing, region’s needs Keeping politics off Thanksgiving menu CHICAGO — When Mary Mitchell gathers with family for Thanksgiving, she plans to enjoy cooking with her sister a satisfying… Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Movie Listings Recent Life Stories Sidewalk a stumbling point in Vancouver ‘To die at home’ isn’t as simple as it may sound Everybody Has A Story: Thanksgiving meal prep a family affair, wonderful memory James Corden to host 59th Grammy Awards The cranberry sauce upgrades: Figs, and a swig I wasn’t bowled over by soup for the holiday — until now Give an ethnic seasoning to your Thanksgiving side dishes Herby biscuits with a pedigree I can relate to A mixed-up salad that fits our feast Salted Caramel Sauce an easy treat ‘To die at home’ isn’t as simple as it may sound The blessings and curses of families are not limited to holiday gatherings, graduations, weddings and funerals. They also exist at… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: Homelessness Hinders Cepeda: Minority writers have more to say than diversity tales Letter: Trump destined for disaster Letter: America hired an amateur Letter: Trump resistance will persist Letter: Homeless are punished enough Letter: No right to riot Letter: Republicans should live up to word In Our View: Dissent Is U.S. Tradition Sowell: Non-thinking progressives preoccupied with the past Editorial Cartoons, Nov. 20-26 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Sidewalk a stumbling point in Vancouver Everybody Has A Story: Thanksgiving meal prep a family affair, wonderful memory Applause Tell us about your extravagant Christmas lights, decorations You Can Help Ridgefield students celebrate Veterans Day Hathaway Elementary School looks to limit absences Local Daughters celebrate 70th anniversary Harvest of Month brings hummus to school Students dance for Parents Together Organization Green Meadows residents worry about annexation Art Stubbs is resigned to becoming a resident of Vancouver. But the idea still worries him. Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Intel will make mobile chips using rival ARM’s technology By Mike Rogoway, The Oregonian Published: August 18, 2016, 6:33 AM A   A PORTLAND — Intel revived its slumbering contract manufacturing business Tuesday, announcing it will make computer chips for smartphones based on technology from rival ARM Holdings. Intel has plenty of manufacturing capacity, with one leading-edge factory sitting idle in Arizona even as it wraps up construction on the second phase of its D1X factory in Hillsboro. Intel will make the new chips for LG Electronics. The new manufacturing customer could help fill those factories while giving Intel a back door into the market for mobile chips, a segment of the industry where it remains essentially shut out. Intel declared three years ago it was open to making chips based on designs from rival ARM but it found no takers until now. When Intel announced its strategic overhaul last spring it didn’t even mention contract manufacturing — known in the chip industry as foundry work — and the future of its foundry business appeared in doubt. At this week’s Intel Developer Forum in San Francisco, though, Intel announced it will make mobile chips for LG using ARM-based designs. ARM’s customizable chips dominate the market for smartphone and tablet processors, a sector where Intel remains essentially shut out. Intel will use its latest, 10-nanometer manufacturing process for LG’s chips. Intel hopes its advanced production technology will help it lure more foundry customers. The chipmaker may also hope that it could eventually package some ARM-based chips with Intel’s own wireless technology. That could open the way for Intel to make complete sets of chips for mobile device makers, even if the underlying microprocessors aren’t based on Intel technology. Also Tuesday, Intel announced it will not use extreme ultraviolet lithography technology in the 10-nanometer generation of its chips and said the technology is not ready for the forthcoming 7-nanometer chips. Chip manufacturers have been waiting for new lithography techniques for years, and the absence of EUV has slowed the advance of microprocessor technology. “I can’t say whether it’s a year from now or three years from now,” said Mark Bohr, director of a group overseeing Intel’s manufacturing advances, according to Bloomberg. “I am hopeful.” Intel also announced a new, wireless virtual reality headset called “Project Alloy.” Virtual reality is a hot market in technology and one that places extreme demands on computers. Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Report Bug Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2016 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook YouTube Twitter Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Hardware Nvidia claims Intel cheated in their Xeon Phi benchmarks By Tim Schiesser on Aug 17, 2016, 8:15 PM 17 comments TechSpot Nvidia is not happy with the data that Intel has presented in a recent keynote involving the company's Xeon Phi compute processors. According to Nvidia, Intel has used old benchmarking software and hardware to paint Xeon Phi in a more competitive light against Nvidia's compute hardware. On a slide presented at ISC 2016, Intel claims that their Xeon Phi hardware is up to 2.3x faster at neural network training than a competing Nvidia GPU. Xeon Phi is also allegedly up to 38% better at scaling, according to the data and comparisons that Intel used on the above slide. Nvidia has disputed both of these claims in a recent blog post. Intel has apparently manipulated these benchmarks by using an out-of-date version of the benchmarking software Caffe AlexNet, the latest versions of which give Nvidia a 30 percent training performance advantage over Intel. Nvidia also says that Intel compared Xeon Phi to older Maxwell-based products; had they compared to modern Pascal parts, Nvidia would have a 90 percent advantage. The scalability claim is also disputed by Nvidia, with the company saying that Intel compared 32 Xeon Phi servers to 32 servers using Nvidia's four-year-old Kepler-based Tesla K20X hardware. Had Intel used Maxwell cards, which aren't even using the latest architecture, workloads would have scaled in a near-linear fashion up to 128 GPUs. Naturally Nvidia believes that GPUs are a better solution for deep learning workloads, however Intel disagrees, and has defended their benchmarking in a statement to Ars Technica: It is completely understandable that Nvidia is concerned about Intel in this space. Intel routinely publishes performance claims based on publicly available solutions at the time, and we stand by our data. Related Reads Intel's second generation Xeon Phi co-processor slated for Q1 2016 launch Intel announces next-generation Xeon Phi chips, codenamed Knights Landing ASRock will soon let you overclock Skylake Xeon CPUs on their motherboards 17 comments 112 interactions Share this article: Video Highlight Now Read This… HP Z2 Mini boasts workstation-class specs in a tiny package Kaby Lake desktop lineup may include an overclockable Core i3 EVGA patch prevents GeForce 10-series cards from going up in flames Popular 8 comments The Best Mice: Overall + Gaming, Wireless, Travel & More 10 comments The Best Video Game Gamepad Controllers Load Comments 17 ... User Comments: 17 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 10 Budget gaming build 17 Removing "line in" echo from Realtek HD Audio output (if it is not a sound effect) 110 Which is your favorite PC component manufacturer? 118 What type of keyboard do you use? 34 The $35, 64-bit Raspberry Pi 3 is here: now 50 percent faster and with built-in Wi-Fi Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2016 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook YouTube Twitter Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Mobile Computing Hardware Intel says USB-C advantages could make dropping the headphone jack worthwhile By Rob Thubron on Aug 18, 2016, 6:15 AM 41 comments TechSpot You’ve no doubt heard the widely believed rumor that Apple will drop the 3.5mm headphone jack in its next iPhone. With Android devices such as the Moto Z already having abandoned the audio port, people are angry at companies trying to phase out the old standard - but Intel says its removal could be a good thing. Back in April, the chipmaker spoke about how it wants to replace the 3.5mm jack with USB Type-C. And at the Intel Developer Forum in San Francisco earlier this week, Intel architects Brad Saunders and Rahman Ismail discussed the upcoming new USB-C audio standard, reports CNET. Sanders said that one of the main benefits of removing the jack is the space it will free up inside phones, allowing them to become slimmer. Additionally, the analog circuitry it uses can interfere with other electronics inside a device. The use of digital audio could allow sound-processing options usually only available with expensive headphones, such as noise canceling, “concert hall” reverb, and bass boosting. "All of those come into play if audio is in a digital domain," Saunders said. The effect replacing the 3.5mm jack will have on battery life has been a concern. But the revised specifications for USB-C support power management capabilities that allow it to disable features that aren’t in use, such as the microphone; this means "the difference in battery life is negligible." The updated spec will also be able to handle video. Ismail said that while it’s not an HDMI replacement and won’t be suitable for gaming, "it's good enough to do productivity work or watch movies.” As it supports multiple connections, you can use a USB hub to plug several devices into a single USB-C port, and the updated standard includes device authentication to improve security. The combination of features “will really make USB Type-C the right connector for audio,” said Saunders. Related Reads Intel launches Thunderbolt 3, will use USB Type-C connector The promise and confusion of USB Type-C USB Type-C to get less confusing through more logos 41 comments 347 interactions Share this article: Video Highlight Now Read This… Snapdragon 835 launched along with Quick Charge 4.0 The Best Computer Mice ADATA SE730 External Rugged SSD Review Popular 8 comments The Best Mice: Overall + Gaming, Wireless, Travel & More 10 comments The Best Video Game Gamepad Controllers 51 comments Experts urge Clinton to demand election recount in three key states amid vote hacking fears 12 comments Microsoft issues apology after people take offense to perceived racial slur in Dead Rising 4 email Load Comments 41 ... User Comments: 41 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 81 Mark Zuckerberg says Facebook will fight to protect the rights of Muslims 73 Trump says "dishonest media" of Facebook, Google, and Twitter suppressed damaging Clinton news 76 Open Forum: What do you think of the iPhone 7? 8 Rebuilding a PC 214 The seductive nature of the Internet [comic] Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2016 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
Tech content trusted by users in North America and around the world 7,285 Reviews & Articles | 53,009 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU Home News CPU, APU & Chipsets NVIDIA accuses Intel of cheating on Xeon Phi benchmarks NVIDIA says Intel 'should get their facts straight' over Xeon Phi benchmarks By: Anthony Garreffa | CPU, APU & Chipsets News | Posted: Aug 18, 2016 1:31 pm Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA Intel used a benchmark slide during its presentation at ISC 2016 to detail their Xeon Phi processors being 2.3x faster than NVIDIA GPUs in neural network training. According to Intel's data and comparisons, the Xeon Phi is also 38% better at scaling. Well, NVIDIA isn't happy and it's ready to fight, taking to a new blog post saying "We'd like to address these claims and correct some misperceptions that may arise".     First off, NVIDIA claims that Intel used Caffe AlexNet data that is 18 months old, with four Xeon Phi servers against four Maxwell-based GPUs. The latest version which is publicly available, and NVIDIA providing a link to it in their blog, sees NVIDIA's four Maxwell GPUs delivering 30% faster training time than the four Xeon Phi servers. Using four of the new Pascal-based Titan X GPUs, training is a whopping 90% faster than four of Intel's Xeon Phi servers, and if you want to put the boot heel on Intel's neck, just a single DGX-1 machine from NVIDIA is 5x faster than four Xeon Phi servers.   NVIDIA goes into great detail on its blog so be sure to check it out, with the post finishing with NVIDIA saying "It's great that Intel is now working on deep learning. This is the most important computing revolution with the era of AI upon us and deep learning is too big to ignore. But they should get their facts straight". NEWS SOURCES:Blogs.nvidia.com, Techspot.com Recommended for You Intel's new Kaby Lake-based Core i7-7700K will cost... Intel's new Atom processor is a step closer to Skynet... Core i7-7700K hits 6.7GHz on LN2, i5-7600K 5.1GHz... Samsung: 10nm FinFET SoC now in mass production >> NEXT STORY: No Man's Sky's patch will fix urgent, critical errors << PREVIOUS STORY: AMD's 16-threaded Zen-based CPU spotted, has a 95W TDP Related Tags NVIDIA Intel Intel Xeon Phi deep learning NVIDIA v Intel Titan Got an opinion on this news? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts Samuria Shodown VI compatible for PS4, avaliable Nov. 22 Twitter blocked their CEO's Twitter profile Nintendo Switch listed at $245, to release March 17? New Christmas themed Skylander joins the figurine team Samsung adding advertisements to old TVs through updateView More News Posts View Our Latest Videos Forum Activity use smart backup Trump Towers Sunny Isles Beach Sunny Isles Beach Apartments | Sunny Isles Beach Condos | https://trumptowermiamicondosforsale.com/ BIOSTAR Racing Z170GTN Mini-ITX Motherboard Review Antec Cube-Designed by Razer Mini-ITX Chassis Preview 970A-G/3.1 Bios non-responsiveView More Forum Posts Press Releases Asius technologies crowdfunds to produce its revolutionary ADEL Drum Bionic earbuds University of Toronto selects CoolIT Systems to liquid cool signal processor for CHIME Project MSI VR One backpack PC and GS63VR Stealth Pro gaming notebook recognized as 2017 CES innovation honoree G.SKILL releases new RIPJAWS KM570 RGB mechanical gaming keyboard Next Generation Esports (NGE) launches BattleRekt tournamentView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2016 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Hey techbros, make an airplane mode but for driving for your apps – US traffic watchdog USS Zumwalt gets Panama tug job after yet another breakdown Visa cries foul over Euro regulator's stronger authentication demands Sorry, iPhone fans – only Fandroids get Barclays' tap-to-withdraw Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH HPE core servers and storage under pressure Stay out of my server room! Dell EMC's Pure-crushing benchmarks are flawed, says, er, Pure NetComm kicked to the curb by nbn™ for fibre-not-quite-to-the-home Hey techbros, make an airplane mode but for driving for your apps – US traffic watchdog AWS to launch Aurora service for PostgreSQL at re:Invent – report Obama awards honours to Grace Hopper, Margaret Hamilton for computing contributions Microsoft still working to fix Outlook sync issues Visa cries foul over Euro regulator's stronger authentication demands Sorry, iPhone fans – only Fandroids get Barclays' tap-to-withdraw Comcast is the honey badger of ISPs – injects pop-ups into browsers, doesn't give a fsck Deliver-oops! Takeaway pusher's customers burger-ed by hijackers The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Continuous Lifecycle 2017: Ten days to tell us how DevOps really works Puppet pulls in (almost) former Cisco exec to head EMEA Put down the org chart, snowflake: Why largile's for management crybabies Infrastructure as code: The road to continuous everything Policy The Channel Fibre pushers get UK budget tax reprieve Surprise, surprise. BT the only Universal Service Obligation provider in town Gov's industrial strategy: 'Look, we've changed the words above our door' Euro Patent office staff call again for King Battistelli regicide Microsoft's nerd goggles will run on a toaster Speaking in Tech: 'You idiot - you could've done that in 3 clicks' HTC and OnePlus spruce up flagships for Santa's sack Allow us to sum this up: UK ISP Plusnet minus net for nine-plus hours SPB Geek's Guide LAKE OF frozen WATER THE SIZE OF NEW MEXICO FOUND ON MARS – NASA New state of matter discovered by superconductivity gurus International Space Station celebrates 18th birthday in true style – by setting trash on fire NASA trying to rein in next-generation super-heavy lifter costs Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things 2016. AI boffins picked a hell of a year to train a neural net by making it watch the news AI is all trendy and fun – but it's still a long way from true intelligence, Facebook boffins admit MP Kees Verhoeven wants EU to regulate the Internet of S**t Dyn Dyn Dyn – we have a buyer: Oracle gobbles Internet of Things DDoS victim Verity Stob USS Zumwalt gets Panama tug job after yet another breakdown Reg man 0: Japanese electronic toilet 1 Twitter bans own CEO Jack Dorsey from Twitter Trial date set for Brit police 'copter coppers over spying-on-doggers claims More like this Amd Zen Business The Channel The calm before the storm: AMD's Zen bears down on Intel CPUs More details confirmed ahead of 2017 desktop, server launch – and don't mention ARM 18 Aug 2016 at 13:23, Chris Williams Chris Williams Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Windows 10, Arm, Apple, Intel, Microsoft Recent Articles Qualcomm makes China pay ARM draws new Mali GPUs ARM: Hold my beer, we'll install patches for your crappy IoT gear for you AMD is continuing to drip feed information about Zen, its long-awaited designed-from-scratch x86 processor microarchitecture. Zen is a big deal, or rather needs to be a big deal, for AMD because its previous Bulldozer microarchitecture was, well, bulldozed by Intel's Core series. Thus, AMD needs Zen to succeed in order to win over computer makers and lure back buyers to its technology. El Reg was among a gaggle of journalists briefed on Wednesday night in San Francisco by AMD's top brass on the state of play with Zen. Amid the rumors and gossip, let's just cut to the quick and reel off what we now definitely know about Zen – well, at least according to its designers. Desktop Zen-based chips will be fabricated by GlobalFoundries and feature 14nm low-power FinFETs. Desktop PC Zen processors, codenamed Summit Ridge and branded AMD FX, will ship in the first quarter of 2017, with perhaps a few appearing on sale at the very end of 2016. In other words, it won't officially become available in 2016 as AMD had once planned. Summit Ridge is an eight-core design, with 16 hardware threads, that sits on AMD's AM4 chipset and motherboard with support for DDR4 RAM and PCIe gen-3 as you'd expect. We were shown a PC powered by a 3GHz eight-core Summit Ridge running alongside a system sporting a comparable 3GHz eight-core Intel Broadwell-E 6900-series Core i7. At the push of a large red button, both machines raced to render on screen a very large 3D model of a Zen processor package in Blender. Whichever CPU finished drawing the scene first would be the winner. It was a dead heat. All right, AMD said its chip finished just ahead of Intel's, but it won by what looked like a fraction of a second. Anyway, the point was: Summit Ridge is able to keep up with high-end Intel desktop offerings from earlier this year, and AMD reckons its CPUs will only get faster as we get closer to launch and beyond. A Zen core is expected to execute 40 per cent more instructions per cycle, on average, than an AMD Excavator core, which was the previous generation. We estimate that performance boost slots Zen somewhere between Intel's Broadwell and Skylake microarchitecture in terms of single-threaded IPC. Zen must be able to match pace with Intel's top-end chips, or surpass them, to avoid falling behind when Summit Ridge eventually ships early next year. Zen has to fend off Chipzilla's 14nm Kaby Lake and 10nm Cannonlake parts that are coming down the line within the next 18 months. AMD doesn't want to talk about exact benchmarks at this moment. Servers For servers, Zen system-on-chip processors, codenamed Naples and likely branded AMD Opteron, will ship in the second quarter of 2017. AMD's closest server customers have been playing with samples of the silicon since the second quarter of this year. Naples chips are expected to appear in dual-socket systems with 32 cores, and 64 hardware threads, per socket. AMD is drumming up software support from Microsoft, Ubuntu-maker Canonical, Red Hat, Suse, VMware, Citrix and others, for this gear. Naples motherboard ... First look at a Zen-powered server (Click to enlarge) Everything else We were also told that Zen CPUs for notebooks will arrive in the second half of next year. Useful information on pricing, speeds and feeds, and the combinations of cores and clock frequencies and other product configurations, are all being withheld for now, although we should get a closer look at Zen's technical details at Hot Chips 2016 in Cupertino, California, next week. The microarchitecture is supposed to scale across all systems, from embedded products to PCs and notebooks to games consoles and servers. AMD CEO Lisa Su said Zen marked her company's "reentry into the data center." It is clear that AMD has hit the reset button, and is ploughing through with x86 and a one-size-fits-all microarchitecture, allowing it to span as many markets as it can with its relatively limited resources. There doesn't appear to be a lot of room for the ARM architecture in AMD's immediate plans. The biz finally started shipping its 64-bit ARMv8-based Opteron A1100, aka Seattle, server processor at the turn of the year, but, really, AMD is focused on x86 at the moment – from the desktop to the data center. From conversations with AMD staffers, the strategy is: make Zen a success, then worry about things like Seattle. Simply put, AMD wants back into desktops and servers right now, like right now, and x86 will do that for it, not the ARM architecture, which is still feeling its way beyond mobile and embedded. "The software's all there, but the ARM ecosystem has to step up if it wants ARM servers to take off," one AMD executive said. Inside Zen AMD's CTO Mark Papermaster gave an overview of the microarchitecture, including some new bits and pieces. One thing to grasp, if you didn't already know or hadn't realized, is that Zen is a simultaneous multithreading (SMT) design with two proper hardware threads per core, not like the slightly weird cluster approach used in Bulldozer that tripped up performance for some users. Using SMT increases the size of the die, which brings in a few new headaches for the design engineers, but at least you get better multithreaded and floating-point performance. "We’ve improved our floating point unit," Papermaster added. "We're very happy with Zen's floating-point performance: it was a targeted optimization." Zen has 8MB of shared L3 cache, a unified 512KB L2 cache per core, and a 64KB instruction cache and 32KB data cache per core. Here's how the caches fit into the overall structure. Zen also sports a wider instruction window than previous generations, allowing it to execute more code out of order at any one time, thus further optimizing the order of instructions to maximize throughput. We're told Zen has a much improved branch predictor over previous generations, and there's a cache for micro-operations – which are, simply put, the individual steps taken to perform instructions. When an instruction is executed, it's broken into micro-ops that are fetched from the CPU's microcode; Zen caches these micro-op lookups to boost efficiency. AMD has also put some effort into not just gobbling up vast amounts of power: there are mechanisms in place to switch off chunks of the chip that are not in use, thus minimizing current drawn and leaked by the processor. Loads of chips these days have gated powered like this; AMD's particularly proud of its implementation. There's no numbers yet for the packages' power consumption, although they are described as having "competitive TDP." Next week we'll carry coverage of Hot Chips in which we'll shine more light on the Zen blueprints. So far, all we really know is that AMD is still committed to the microarchitecture. Until product specs, prices and independent benchmarks land, no one can get too excited. Tech industry analyst Patrick Moorhead, of Moor Insights and Strategy, told us he was feeling upbeat about what he has seen and heard so far, however. "What AMD showed on Zen last night was very compelling on performance," he said. "AMD said that power would be competitive, the frequency we saw would be even higher at production than what we saw, and production of what we saw could be produced at scale. "All of this sounds incredibly positive. There's a lot of execution between now and launch, but at a minimum, I believe AMD will be in a much better position than they have been in years in processors. To put this in perspective, this is the biggest thing I've seen in ten years in CPUs at AMD." ® Sponsored: Magic quadrant for enterprise mobility management suites Tips and corrections 78 Comments More from The Register AMD is a rounding error on Intel's spreadsheet and that sucks for us all Zen biz's only hope is to avoid Chipzilla's wrath, it seems 52 Comments AMD accuses Intel of VW-like results fudging Revives ancient SYSmark dispute 39 Comments Latest Intel, AMD chips will only run Windows 10 ... and Linux, BSD, OS X Water cooler El Reg answers your questions while you wait for make all to finish 156 Comments AMD will sell server CPUs at Happy Meal prices so you can supersize servers ARM vs. x86 can wait as first decent Xeon alternatives in ages pressure Chipzilla 26 Comments EU legal eagle: Euro court should review Intel's €1.6bn fine Chipzilla market share WAS overstated, claims Advocate General 6 Comments Server makers love Intel Xeons (true) - but not the price tag Enough to make room for AMD and ARM rivals in 2016? 12 Comments Whitepapers Build scalable and secure public cloud services Based on the industry-leading products and technologies your customers demand, Red Hat provides a complete set of platforms, tools, and software components you need to build a scalable, agile, and secure cloud services infrastructure. Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Securing Productivity in the Borderless Enterprise Before you transform your business with mobility services, you need to consider both the management and security challenges you’ll face from the combination of mobile devices and cloud-based apps. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Most read LAKE OF frozen WATER THE SIZE OF NEW MEXICO FOUND ON MARS – NASA Twitter bans own CEO Jack Dorsey from Twitter Emulating x86: Microsoft builds granny flat into Windows 10 Irish eyes are crying: Tens of thousands of broadband modems wide open to hijacking Google declares victory for its Wifi router before it's even shipped Spotlight Broadcom would certainly be broader with Brocade on board EMC Dell deal: They're loved up and living together, but whose house rules? NSA, GCHQ and even Donald Trump are all after your data British jobs for British people: UK tech rejects PM May’s nativist hiring agenda Big Mickey Dell is wrong: Cloud ain't going to eat all of IT Will Microsoft's nerd goggles soar like an Eagle, or flop like a turkey? First look at Windows Server 2016: 'Cloud for the masses'? We'll be the judge of that Rage-making, anxiety-inducing tech distributors: An ode Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
null
null

null
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Intel Could Be Making Apple’s A-Series Chipsets In The Future By Tyler Lee on 08/18/2016 05:22 PST When it comes to mobile, Qualcomm is the clear leader for mobile chipsets. Intel has tried their hand at trying to get in on the market, but it’s safe to say that they haven’t really had much success, at least not on the same level that they have had with their computer chips, but all of that could change soon. Intel has always offered its foundry services to help build chips for their customers, but only if they are based on Intel’s own architecture. However that has changed recently when Intel announced that they will now be building chips based on the ARM architecture which is used by the likes of Apple, Samsung, Qualcomm, and so on, and based on this, it has been suggested by analysts that Intel could very well provide chips for Apple’s iOS devices in the future. According to Counterpoint Research director Neil Shah, “Apple likes diversification in case there is a supply issue. Apple can also use it as leverage to bargain Intel chip pricing for its Macs and so forth.” Right now TSMC is making Apple’s A-series chipsets, such as the A10 for this year’s iPhone, although we have also heard that they will be working on the A11 for 2017, so if and when Intel does get around to manufacturing the chipsets for Apple, it won’t be anytime soon. However the report from Fortune notes that because ARM has licensed limited capabilities to Intel, highly customized chipsets like the A-series from Apple might not be one of them. In any case take it with a grain of salt for now, but who knows what the future holds? Filed in Apple >Cellphones. Read more about Intel, iPhone and SoC. Related Articles 2016-11-18 Intel Rumored To Be Stepping Back From Wearables [Update] 2016-11-18 Some 15-inch MacBook Pros Are Misreporting The GPUs Inside It 2016-11-18 iPhone 7 On Verizon’s Network Not Performing As Well As It Could 2016-11-16 Intel Will Invest $250 Million To Develop Self-Driving Cars 2016-11-01 Possible Reason Why The MacBook Pros Are Capped At 16GB RAM 2016-09-18 iPhone 7 Teardown Confirms Use Of Intel’s Model 2016-09-15 The iPhone 7’s A10 Fusion Chip Is Faster Than The MacBook Air 2016-09-09 Some iPhone 7 Models Are Apparently Packing Intel’s Modems 2016-09-06 Intel Gets Low-Power Vision Technology From Movidius Acquisition iOS Flaw Lets Anyone Access Your Photos Without A Passcode Stephen Hawking Thinks Humanity Has About 1,000 Years Left Coca-Cola's Selfie Bottle Snaps A Pic Whenever You Take A Sip Amazon’s iPhone App Lets To See What’s In Your Boxes Domino’s In New Zealand Begin Testing Pizza Delivery By Drones This $5 Device Can Hack A Password-Protected Computer In Seconds Speaker Grills On 13-inch MacBook Pro Appear To Be Cosmetic GoPro Mounted Onto An Arrow Results In Stunning Footage User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
null
null
null
null
Tech content trusted by users in North America and around the world 7,285 Reviews & Articles | 53,009 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU Home News CPU, APU & Chipsets AMD's 16-threaded Zen-based CPU spotted, has a 95W TDP Hello again, Zen - with the 16-threaded CPU from AMD reportedly featuring a 95W TDP at 3.2GHz boost By: Anthony Garreffa | CPU, APU & Chipsets News | Posted: Aug 18, 2016 12:01 pm Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA AMD is working towards Zen as we speak, but more leaked details have arrived on the 4-core and 8-core CPUs which will feature 8 and 16 CPU threads in total, respectively. The new details are on the clock speeds and TDP, with the 16-threaded Zen CPU clocking in at 2.8Ghz base frequency and up to 3.2GHz boost. The new 16-thread CPU will be a 95W part according to the leaks.     If we compare it to Intel's Broadwell-E based, 16-threaded Core i7-6900K processor, which is also made on the 14nm process, Intel has a higher 130W TDP. AMD's 8-core/16-thread Zen-based CPU has a TDP of just 95W in comparison, 35W less than Intel's offering with the 6900K. AMD has some great efficiency tricks up its sleeve with Zen, but the 14nm process used by Intel is different to the 14nm FinFET process that Samsung and Globalfoundries use for AMD's new CPUs.   Performance wise, we already expect over 40% more instructions per cycle (IPC) over the previous generation CPU architecture from AMD, codenamed Excavator. The older FX-8350 from AMD was an 8-threaded CPU (4 physical CPU cores) codenamed Orochi, while the Zen-based Summit Ridge CPU is twice as fast in Cinebench 15, according to AMD. If we're looking at twice the efficiency per core, the new 4- and 8-core processors are going to be rather large improvements for AMD, putting them on a more level playing field against Intel.   CPU architect Jim Keller laid the ground work out on the Zen architecture for AMD before he left for Tesla, and with the exciting news of Zen's purported performance improvements, you have to remember Keller is responsible for AMD's previous ass-kickers; Athlon XP and Athlon 64. NEWS SOURCES:Wccftech.com Recommended for You Intel's new Kaby Lake-based Core i7-7700K will cost... Intel's new Atom processor is a step closer to Skynet... Core i7-7700K hits 6.7GHz on LN2, i5-7600K 5.1GHz... Samsung: 10nm FinFET SoC now in mass production >> NEXT STORY: NVIDIA accuses Intel of cheating on Xeon Phi benchmarks << PREVIOUS STORY: Elaborate $800 Middle Earth Blu-ray boxset incoming Related Tags AMD AMD Zen AMD 16-threaded Zen AMD Zen CPU Intel Samsung Got an opinion on this news? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts Samuria Shodown VI compatible for PS4, avaliable Nov. 22 Twitter blocked their CEO's Twitter profile Nintendo Switch listed at $245, to release March 17? New Christmas themed Skylander joins the figurine team Samsung adding advertisements to old TVs through updateView More News Posts View Our Latest Videos Forum Activity use smart backup Trump Towers Sunny Isles Beach Sunny Isles Beach Apartments | Sunny Isles Beach Condos | https://trumptowermiamicondosforsale.com/ BIOSTAR Racing Z170GTN Mini-ITX Motherboard Review Antec Cube-Designed by Razer Mini-ITX Chassis Preview 970A-G/3.1 Bios non-responsiveView More Forum Posts Press Releases Asius technologies crowdfunds to produce its revolutionary ADEL Drum Bionic earbuds University of Toronto selects CoolIT Systems to liquid cool signal processor for CHIME Project MSI VR One backpack PC and GS63VR Stealth Pro gaming notebook recognized as 2017 CES innovation honoree G.SKILL releases new RIPJAWS KM570 RGB mechanical gaming keyboard Next Generation Esports (NGE) launches BattleRekt tournamentView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2016 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
Home Search Silicon IP Search Verification IP Latest News Industry Articles Industry Expert Blogs Videos Slides Events ≡ Menu Design And Reuse Login | Subscribe design-reuse.cn | design-reuse-embedded.com | design-reuse-enterprise.com | About D&R | English Chinese Login | Subscribe to D&R SoC News Alert Design And Reuse Search IP Categories Silicon IP Analog & Mixed Signal Storage Controller & PHY Graphic & Peripheral Interface Controller & PHY Processors & Microcontrollers Memory & Logic Library Security Multimedia Wireline Communication Wireless Communication Silicon IP Vendors   Verification IP Search / Browse Verification IP Vendors Software IP Search / Browse Software IP Vendors     Additional Services Wanted IPs IP Analytics Featured Products OTP/eMTP: Ultra low power 16bit - 2Kbit NVM in 180nm Standard Logic CMOS process pico 2D Graphics Processor for Wearables/IoT H.264 hardware encoder for ultra low power IoT application OTP/eMTP: 8Kbit - 256Kbit NVM in 55nm Standard Logic CMOS process News Categories IP/SoC Products Embedded Systems Foundries FPGA Fabless / IDM Deals Legal Business Financial Results People Commentary / Analysis 20 Most Popular News Latest News MACOM Announces Definitive Agreement to Acquire AppliedMicro Monday Nov. 21, 2016 Siemens Acquires Mentor Graphics: What Does This Mean for EDA? Thursday Nov. 17, 2016 eMemory's NeoFuse IP Verified in TSMC 10nm FinFET Process Wednesday Nov. 16, 2016 Industry Articles Categories IP/SoC Products Embedded Systems Foundries FPGA Business 20 Most Popular Articles Featured Articles Do SoC Architects Have to Get Physical? Monday Nov. 14, 2016 A Look at New Open Standards to Improve Reliability and Redundancy of Automotive Ethernet Thursday Nov. 10, 2016 Adaptive Rate Control Algorithm Monday Oct. 31, 2016 Blogs Industry Expert Blogs ARMv8-A, Cavium powering bare-metal servers ARM Blogs - Brian Fuller, ARM UVM Random Stimulus Generator Munjal The Mystery... - Munjal Mistry Achronix Aspires to Make Embedded FPGA IP Mainstream Inside DSP - BDTi Videos Slides Events IP-SOC Days 2016 IP-SOC 2016 Archives IP-SOC 2015 IP-SOC 2014 IP-SOC 2013 IP-SOC 2012 IP-SOC 2011 IP-SOC 2010 Choose a filter Full Site Search Silicon IP Verification IP Software IP News Industry Articles Intel Foundry embraces ARM; the start of the end? EETimes Europe August 17, 2016 // By Peter Clarke Intel Custom Foundry has made a statement of intent that it is serious about competing with the likes of TSMC, Samsung and Globalfoundries by agreeing a full support package for ARM intellectual property on the upcoming 10nm FinFET manufacturing process. The deal could also mark the start of the disaggregation of Intel and its eventual splitting up into separate manufacturing service and technology sales constituents, in other words the end of Intel as we have known it. In the short term the deal is an acknowledgement that – at least in mobile – ARM's architecture rules the roost and it is what chip developers insist on for their system chips. Despite billions of dollars spent trying to get into mobile Intel Corp. has concurred and let its foundry manufacturing operation cut a deal. Click here to read more ... E-mail This Article Printer-Friendly Page Search Silicon IP 16,000 IP Cores from 450 Vendors   Related News Intel Grabs ARM for 10nm Foundry Intel does ARM: Citi 'identifies' another possible customer Advantech and ARM partner on end-to-end IoT Platform, from device to cloud Intel, ARM Battle over IoT Intel Custom Foundry Certifies Cadence Implementation and Signoff Tools for 10nm Tri-Gate Process   Breaking News Philippe Morali, High Technology Veteran, Joins eSilicon as CFO Codasip and UltraSoC deliver advanced RISC-V SoC analysis and debug Abaco Systems Acquires 4DSP Mobileye Adopts Key Synopsys Automotive Functional Safety Verification Solution to Enable ISO 26262 Compliance of its Next-Generation ADAS SoCs MACOM Announces Definitive Agreement to Acquire AppliedMicro   See Latest News >> Most Popular MACOM Announces Definitive Agreement to Acquire AppliedMicro Siemens Acquires Mentor Graphics: What Does This Mean for EDA? Mobileye Adopts Key Synopsys Automotive Functional Safety Verification Solution to Enable ISO 26262 Compliance of its Next-Generation ADAS SoCs Intel's Nervana Attacks GPUs Codasip and UltraSoC deliver advanced RISC-V SoC analysis and debug   See the Top 20 >> EETimes © 2016 Design And Reuse All Rights Reserved. No portion of this site may be copied, retransmitted, reposted, duplicated or otherwise used without the express written permission of Design And Reuse. Partner with us Visit our new Partnership Portal for more information. Partner with us List your Products Suppliers, list your IPs for free. List your Products Design-Reuse.com Contact Us About us D&R Partner Program Advertise with Us Privacy Policy
News Research Finance Page 2 Supply chain window On Display Marketing Advanced 中文 繁體 | 簡體 Facebook Twitter Register Login Taipei, Thursday, November 24, 2016 04:37 (GMT+8) Taipei 22°C Home IT + CE Mobile + telecom Bits + chips Displays LED Green energy What's hot: smartphone Wistron Taiwan Inventec PC, CE Portable ICT manufacturing IT components, peripherals Server, IPC, cloud computing Software DIGITIMES login page Sorry, the page you are trying to open is available only for our paid subscribers. - Please sign in below if you wish to continue - New users, please register Login Save my User ID and Password NEW users please register first. I forgot my ID and/or password? For any problems contact webmaster or email questions and comments to editor Realtime news Digitimes Research: China mobile AP shipments to rise 11.6% in 4Q16 Bits + chips | 6h 6min ago VIA unveils new kiosk solution IT + CE | 6h 17min ago Digitimes Research: Taiwan makers to ship over 20 million LCD monitors in 4Q16 Displays | 6h 18min ago Taiwan makers poised to use IR LED in biometrics LED | 6h 38min ago Apple captures 91% share of global smartphone profits in 3Q16, says Strategy Analytics Mobile + telecom | 7h 1min ago Taiwan October manufacturing production index up, says MOEA Bits + chips | 7h 3min ago Compal arranges payment plan with LeEco for US$700 million accounts receivable Before Going to Press | 7h 14min ago Taiwan market: Acer sees strong demand for Swift ultra-thins Before Going to Press | 7h 17min ago AUO China subsidiary procures equipment worth NT$552.72 million Before Going to Press | 7h 21min ago China to review anti-dumping, anti-subsidization tariffs imposed on South Korea-based polysilicon makers Before Going to Press | 7h 26min ago CyberLink buys back 2.08% stake Before Going to Press | 7h 28min ago Medical PC solution provider Onyx Healthcare to debut on OTC market Before Going to Press | 7h 30min ago Pause  |  View more Latest Digitimes news AimCore expanding PSS capacity Market for 10nm mobile chips to heat up in 2017 BOE Technology plans to start production at 10.5G factory in 2Q18 Digitimes Research: Global notebook shipments up on year after two years of decline US fab tool book-to-bill ratio slips below parity ITRI unveils smart sensing solutions for use in daily life Castles Technology focuses overseas marketing on developing countries Senao Networks nets NT$8.75 per share for January-September Ardentec capex to exceed NT$5 billion over next 3 years Digitimes Research: Top-5 vendors, top-3 Taiwan ODMs October notebook shipments down 22%, 12% on month DRAM contract prices to rise 15% in 1Q17, says DRAMeXchange Taiwan aims at prevailing fixed-line Internet download speed of 2Gbps in 2025 Macroblock revenues and profits rise in 1Q-3Q16 HTC Vive shipments to lag behind Sony PSVR, Oculus Rift in 2016-2017 Huawei to ramp up its share in global smartphone, notebook and tablet markets in 2017 Court in Germany issues injunction against Everlight Electronics due to infringement of Nichia YAG patent Spreadtrum places 40nm chip orders with UMC Xiamen fab Taiwan market: Canon unveils EOS M5 IBM new server produced by Wistron, adopted by Tencent Silicon Motion announces SD 5.1 controller solution Taiwan market: Lenovo to launch Moto Z-series smartphones India market: Handset shipments to reach 265 million units in 2016, says firm Taiwan market: HTC unveils HTC 10 evo for high-end segment Japan chip gear orders rise 7% in October, says SEAJ Acer places 2017 main notebook orders with Quanta, Compal Market summary 23-Nov-2016 markets closed   Last Change TAIEX (TSE) 9133.39 +92.28 +1.02%  TSE electronic 368.2 +3.92 +1.08%  GTSM (OTC) 122.09 +0.86 +0.71%  OTC electronic 162.23 +1.78 +1.11%  View more Around the web Will Samsung create fabless, foundry business divisions? (Nov 23) - BusinessKorea Analog chipmaker Macom to buy Applied Micro for $770 million (Nov 21) - Reuters Intel is laying off a major portion of its wearables group (Nov 18) - TechCrunch Apple could make iPhones in US in future: sources (Nov 18) - Nikkei Electronics Asia South Korea losing strength in trade with China (Nov 17) - BusinessKorea HP's power-packed Z2 Mini desktop takes on Apple's aging Mac Mini (Nov 15) - Computerworld Microsoft, Nvidia collaborate on enterprise AI (Nov 16) - Investopedia Google and Facebook take aim at fake news sites (Nov 14) - New York Times Latest from Digitimes Research Reports Analysis Data Taiwan notebooks - 3Q 2016 Taiwan handsets – 2Q 2016 China smartphone AP shipments - 2Q 2016 More reports Digitimes Research: Top-5 vendors, top-3 Taiwan ODMs October notebook shipments down 22%, 12% on month Digitimes Research: Global notebook shipments up on year after two years of decline Digitimes Research: Growing use of facial recognition increases demand for IR LED devices Digitimes Research: Japan CE market sees decreased DSLR sales, focus on VR, takeoff of drone demand in 3Q16 More analysis 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 More interactive charts Supply chain window Sponsor zone Releases White papers Bulletin Practical approach to vertical applications demonstrates IoT Value TUV NORD provides complete supply chain solutions to help Taiwan makers grasp automobile electronics opportunities 'd!conomy – no limits': Keynote theme at CeBIT 2017 reveals the enormous potential afforded by digitalization Frontline PCB Solutions announces a company rebrand NVIDIA drives AI revolution, an ultimate challenge to GPU computing More releases Unisys IT Implementation of Unisys Stealth Solution for Data Center Segmentation Getting the Most Out Of Your Next Generation Digital Security Surveillance System Embracing the New Generation Intel Atom Family with DDR3 Memory Support Got The Message? Ensuring efficient and reliable delivery of content across a mission critical digital signage network Emb' Store On-Demand Software Service for Embedded Computing More white papers Perforce Software Wins Develop Industry Excellence Award for the Second Year in a Row Perforce Teams with Leading Git Client Developer fournova Perforce Introduces Helix GitSwarm: Flexible Git Ecosystem Mirrored to a Powerful Mainline Repository Perforce Helix Distributed Version Control System Brings Greater Flexibility While Maintaining Enterprise-class Security, Auditability and Control Perforce Powers Development of Legacy Quest for iOS and Android More in bulletin On display 1 2 3 Asustek ZenWatch 3 smartwatchPhoto: Company, Sep 13. Xplova X5 smartwatchPhoto: Company, Sep 13. Apple Watch Series 2 smartwatchesPhoto: Company, Sep 8. Apple iPhone 7 and 7 PlusPhoto: Company, Sep 8. Polar M600Photo: Company, Aug 4. Samsung Galaxy Note 7Photo: Company, Aug 3. Acer TravelMate X349 Photo: Company, Jul 25. Gigabyte GeForce GTX 1070 Mini ITX OC Edition graphics cardPhoto: Company, Jul 14. Gigabyte GeForce GTX 1070 Windforce OC Edition graphics cardPhoto: Company, Jul 13. Samsung 256GB UFS cardPhoto: Company, Jul 13. Gigabyte GeForce GTX 1070 G1 Gaming graphics card Photo: Company, Jul 1. AMD to release first Polaris graphics card soonPhoto: Michael Lee, Digitimes, Jun 3. Page 2 Hot Systems Digitimes Research: 4 million 9.7-inch iPad Pros to ship in 1H16 Digitimes Research: Global all-in-one PC shipments to drop 3.9% on year in 2015 Digitimes Research: iPad Pro shipments to be less than 3 million units in 4Q15 Digitimes Research: Intel processor shipments rely on Windows tablets for growth Digitimes Research: Tablets with phone functionality from white-box players to suffer over 15% decline in 2Q15 More Page 2 Apple introduces iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Acer unveils cycling computer Gigabyte launches two new GeForce GTX 1070 graphics cards Gigabyte launches graphics card with Nvidia GeForce GTX 1070 GPU AMD announces new workstation graphics card with 32GB memory More Hot Systems Topics Taiwan notebook ODMs Taiwan notebook Original Design Manufacturers (ODMs) account for more than 90% of global notebook production and Digitimes is there to provide daily... HTC Vive HTC is banking on its VR device to revive its business Virtual reality on the rise Virtual reality has become the latest topic of the PC industry with players such as Samsung, HTC, Google and Sony, all aggressively pushing into. Android The early success Google's Android platform has achieved in the handset market has caused system makers, software developers and semiconductor players... Frankly speaking Industry intros Potential of wireless charging technology: Q&A with WPC chairman Menno Treffers To help foster the development of related wireless charging technology in Taiwan, the Wireless Power... Business planning in the cloud: Q&A with Anaplan Silicon Valley based Anaplan, a cloud-based planning and performance management platform provider,... The gaming notebook competition: Q&A with Jone Chang from Gigabyte notebook department Gaming notebooks have become the main focus of Gigabyte Technology's notebook department and despite... Powering the cloud: Intel embraces new identity The next wave of computing is now beginning to define the IT industry, where the boundaries of computing... More interviews Smartphone and tablet industry: The view from Taiwan - May 2012 Taiwan-based companies have a long and successful history of involvement in the supply chain for mobile devices, which for the purposes of this article consist... Taiwan motherboard industry overview - May 2012 The year 2011 saw the motherboard industry reverse its trend of declining shipments year-on-year, to post a slight 0.2% growth. This upturn in fortunes was expected... Notebook market overview - Jun 2011 The notebook industry in 2010 experienced several major events that significantly changed the industry's ecosystem for the year and the industry is also believed... Taiwan motherboard industry overview - Jun 2011 The motherboard industry began 2010 with optimism and expected to see a reversal of the previous two years' declines in revenues and shipments as the impact of... More industry intros Sponsored links Wireless broadband developments in Southeast Asia markets As of 2013, the 10 ASEAN nations had a total of over 700 million mobile subscriptions, with the CAGR from 2003-2013 reaching 24%. This Digitimes Research Special Report analyzes the various mobile broadband markets in ASEAN and looks at the respective trends in 4G LTE development for those markets. 2015 global tablet demand forecast This Digitimes Research Special Report provides a 2015 forecast for the global tablet market and analyzes the strategies of key market players such as Google, Apple, Intel, and Microsoft. 2015 China smartphone panel trend forecast This Digitimes Research Special Report analyzes the strategies of key China-based major panel makers BOE, Tianma and IVO for attacking the different market segments through technology and pricing, and their relationship to local vendors Huawei, Lenovo, ZTE, Xiaomi and Coolpad. Buy link TAG CLOUD 3Q16 EPS gross margin notebook revenues Taiwan Mobile devices 2016 2017 shipments 4Q16 10 days cloud DIGITIMES About Advertising Marketing Membership Terms & conditions Privacy policy Contact us Notes & corrections Site map Channels News Research Finance Industry intros Page 2 Supply chain window Hot systems On display Tools & services Before going to press On demand Frankly speaking Around the web Topics Mobile RSS Facebook Twitter Account New user Login Members only Login to read more © DIGITIMES Inc. All rights reserved. Please do not republish, publicly broadcast or publicly transmit content from this website without written permission from DIGITIMES Inc. Please contact us if you have any questions.
News Research Finance Page 2 Supply chain window On Display Marketing Advanced 中文 繁體 | 簡體 Facebook Twitter Register Login Taipei, Thursday, November 24, 2016 04:37 (GMT+8) Taipei 22°C Home IT + CE Mobile + telecom Bits + chips Displays LED Green energy What's hot: silicon CCL component wafer IC manufacturing IC design, distribution Memory chips Passive, PCB, other IC components DIGITIMES login page Sorry, the page you are trying to open is available only for our paid subscribers. - Please sign in below if you wish to continue - New users, please register Login Save my User ID and Password NEW users please register first. I forgot my ID and/or password? For any problems contact webmaster or email questions and comments to editor Realtime news Digitimes Research: China mobile AP shipments to rise 11.6% in 4Q16 Bits + chips | 6h 6min ago VIA unveils new kiosk solution IT + CE | 6h 17min ago Digitimes Research: Taiwan makers to ship over 20 million LCD monitors in 4Q16 Displays | 6h 18min ago Taiwan makers poised to use IR LED in biometrics LED | 6h 38min ago Apple captures 91% share of global smartphone profits in 3Q16, says Strategy Analytics Mobile + telecom | 7h 1min ago Taiwan October manufacturing production index up, says MOEA Bits + chips | 7h 3min ago Compal arranges payment plan with LeEco for US$700 million accounts receivable Before Going to Press | 7h 14min ago Taiwan market: Acer sees strong demand for Swift ultra-thins Before Going to Press | 7h 17min ago AUO China subsidiary procures equipment worth NT$552.72 million Before Going to Press | 7h 21min ago China to review anti-dumping, anti-subsidization tariffs imposed on South Korea-based polysilicon makers Before Going to Press | 7h 26min ago CyberLink buys back 2.08% stake Before Going to Press | 7h 28min ago Medical PC solution provider Onyx Healthcare to debut on OTC market Before Going to Press | 7h 30min ago Pause  |  View more Latest Digitimes news AimCore expanding PSS capacity Market for 10nm mobile chips to heat up in 2017 BOE Technology plans to start production at 10.5G factory in 2Q18 Digitimes Research: Global notebook shipments up on year after two years of decline US fab tool book-to-bill ratio slips below parity ITRI unveils smart sensing solutions for use in daily life Castles Technology focuses overseas marketing on developing countries Senao Networks nets NT$8.75 per share for January-September Ardentec capex to exceed NT$5 billion over next 3 years Digitimes Research: Top-5 vendors, top-3 Taiwan ODMs October notebook shipments down 22%, 12% on month DRAM contract prices to rise 15% in 1Q17, says DRAMeXchange Taiwan aims at prevailing fixed-line Internet download speed of 2Gbps in 2025 Macroblock revenues and profits rise in 1Q-3Q16 HTC Vive shipments to lag behind Sony PSVR, Oculus Rift in 2016-2017 Huawei to ramp up its share in global smartphone, notebook and tablet markets in 2017 Court in Germany issues injunction against Everlight Electronics due to infringement of Nichia YAG patent Spreadtrum places 40nm chip orders with UMC Xiamen fab Taiwan market: Canon unveils EOS M5 IBM new server produced by Wistron, adopted by Tencent Silicon Motion announces SD 5.1 controller solution Taiwan market: Lenovo to launch Moto Z-series smartphones India market: Handset shipments to reach 265 million units in 2016, says firm Taiwan market: HTC unveils HTC 10 evo for high-end segment Japan chip gear orders rise 7% in October, says SEAJ Acer places 2017 main notebook orders with Quanta, Compal Market summary 23-Nov-2016 markets closed   Last Change TAIEX (TSE) 9133.39 +92.28 +1.02%  TSE electronic 368.2 +3.92 +1.08%  GTSM (OTC) 122.09 +0.86 +0.71%  OTC electronic 162.23 +1.78 +1.11%  View more Around the web Will Samsung create fabless, foundry business divisions? (Nov 23) - BusinessKorea Tsunami alerts lifted after Japan earthquake (Nov 21) - Wall Street Journal Analog chipmaker Macom to buy Applied Micro for $770 million (Nov 21) - Reuters CFIUS again objects to a China-Europe Deal (Nov 20) - Wall Street Journal Intel is laying off a major portion of its wearables group (Nov 18) - TechCrunch Applied Materials orders cause concern demand has topped out (Nov 17) - Bloomberg Apple could make iPhones in US in future: sources (Nov 18) - Nikkei Electronics Asia Tsinghua Unigroup says not in talks with Micron regarding Changjiang Storage (Nov 18) - Reuters Latest from Digitimes Research Reports Analysis Data China smartphone AP shipments - 2Q 2016 China smartphone AP shipments – 1Q 2016 Taiwan server shipment forecast and industry analysis, 2016 China smartphone AP shipments - 4Q 2015 More reports Digitimes Research: Taiwan top-3 foundries see combined revenues rise in 3Q16 Digitimes Research: Global IC foundry output value to rise at 5% CAGR over 2016-2021 Digitimes Research: China mobile AP shipments to growth over 18% in 2H16 More analysis 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 More interactive charts Supply chain window Sponsor zone Releases White papers Bulletin Advantest launches Versatile T2000 AiR System for low-volume testing of highly integrated modules and system-in-package (SiP) devices Innodisk Unveils DDR3L 1866 Memory for Industrial Applications on Latest Intel Apollo Lake Platform HHGrace technology symposium 2016 successfully held in the US Frontline PCB Solutions announces a company rebrand Advantest Opens VOICE 2017 Call for Papers More releases Embracing the New Generation Intel Atom Family with DDR3 Memory Support Got The Message? Ensuring efficient and reliable delivery of content across a mission critical digital signage network Emb' Store On-Demand Software Service for Embedded Computing Efficient Network Management for Digital Signage Design Benefits of the MI/O Extension Solution More white papers Perforce Software Wins Develop Industry Excellence Award for the Second Year in a Row Perforce Teams with Leading Git Client Developer fournova Perforce Introduces Helix GitSwarm: Flexible Git Ecosystem Mirrored to a Powerful Mainline Repository Perforce Helix Distributed Version Control System Brings Greater Flexibility While Maintaining Enterprise-class Security, Auditability and Control Perforce Powers Development of Legacy Quest for iOS and Android More in bulletin On display 1 2 3 Samsung 14nm chips for wearablesPhoto: Company, Oct 18. Samsung 14nm Exynos chipsPhoto: Company, Aug 31. Silego SLG46533V GreenPAK 5Photo: Company, Jul 26. Samsung 256GB UFS cardPhoto: Company, Jul 13. Samsung PM971-NVMePhoto: Company, Jun 2. Winbond SpiStack memoriesPhoto: Company, Mar 30. Samsung 12-megapixel image sensorPhoto: Company, Mar 22. Samsung PM1633a SSDPhoto: Company, Mar 14. Silego SLG46531V GPAK 5Photo: Company, Jan 13. Samsung Bio-ProcessorPhoto: Company, Jan 5. Samsung PRO Plus 128GB microSD cardsPhoto: Company, Dec 23. Samsung 128GB TSV DDR4 RDIMMPhoto: Company, Dec 9. Page 2 Hot Systems Mentor Graphics Veloce VirtuaLAB adds protocols for networking designs Mouser Electronics undergoing expansion Digitimes Research: Shrinking tablet market prompts China touch panel supply chain to look for growth elsewhere Digitimes Research: Tsinghua Unigroup acquisition of Micron faces difficulties, but is a must for China for further development Digitimes Research: Qualcomm to push inexpensive mobile device market with Microsoft and Allwinner solutions More Page 2 MWC 2015: Intel launches new mobile SoCs, LTE solution Samsung intros 128GB UFS storage for smartphones Qualcomm announces highest-end Snapdragon 810 and 808 processors Micron launches 45nm serial NOR flash for embedded apps Intel launches Pro 1500 series SSD for enterprise More Hot Systems Topics The 10nm competition TSMC and Samsung have been competing for clients for the 10nm node. Japan earthquake Earthquakes in Japan often cause huge damage. They have had strong impacts on the country's electronics industry. China: Big plans for homegrown chips A CNY120 billion (US$19 billion) national industry investment fund has been set up to help local foundries finance the build-up of advanced manufacturing... ASE seeking to take up major stake in SPIL Advanced Semiconductor Engineering (ASE) is seeking to acquire an up to 25% stake in fellow packaging house Siliconware Precision Industries (SPIL). Frankly speaking Industry intros Era of Silicon 4.0: TSIA chairman talks about virtual Moore's Law With 2015 being the 50th anniversary of Moore's Law, one of the hottest topics that has continued to... 7nm process is essential for semi industry: Q&A with Globalfoundries CTO Gary Patton Gary Patton, a 30-year veteran in the semiconductor industry, joined Globalfoundries as CTO in July... Industry integration, 5G and IoT applications: Q&A with Qualcomm president Derek Aberle Qualcomm president Derek Aberle spared his time with Digitimes for an exclusive interview... Powering the cloud: Intel embraces new identity The next wave of computing is now beginning to define the IT industry, where the boundaries of computing... More interviews Taiwan DRAM module industry overview - Jun 2011 The year 2010 represented a peak in recent years for the DRAM module industry. Optimism surfaced in the second half of 2009 thanks to a return of demand on the... Taiwan DRAM-module industry overview - May 2010 Back to 2006 when total revenues for the third-party module market reached US$12.2 billion, Taiwan had over 15 vendors shipping DRAM modules under their own brand... Taiwan semiconductor equipment industry overview - Aug 2008 Worries about a global economic downturn have taken a toll on a number of industries, with the semiconductor industry being no exception. Players in the semiconductor... Foundry overview - Sep 2006 Taiwan's semiconductor industry has begun to out-run its global peers, once more, in 2006. This followed a trough in 2004, caused by over-inventory, plus volatility... More industry intros Sponsored links Wireless broadband developments in Southeast Asia markets As of 2013, the 10 ASEAN nations had a total of over 700 million mobile subscriptions, with the CAGR from 2003-2013 reaching 24%. This Digitimes Research Special Report analyzes the various mobile broadband markets in ASEAN and looks at the respective trends in 4G LTE development for those markets. 2015 global tablet demand forecast This Digitimes Research Special Report provides a 2015 forecast for the global tablet market and analyzes the strategies of key market players such as Google, Apple, Intel, and Microsoft. 2015 China smartphone panel trend forecast This Digitimes Research Special Report analyzes the strategies of key China-based major panel makers BOE, Tianma and IVO for attacking the different market segments through technology and pricing, and their relationship to local vendors Huawei, Lenovo, ZTE, Xiaomi and Coolpad. Buy link TAG CLOUD 4Q16 TSMC DRAM fab revenues semiconductor Taiwan US MediaTek IC testing 3Q16 IC 2016 China packaging and testing 10 days cloud DIGITIMES About Advertising Marketing Membership Terms & conditions Privacy policy Contact us Notes & corrections Site map Channels News Research Finance Industry intros Page 2 Supply chain window Hot systems On display Tools & services Before going to press On demand Frankly speaking Around the web Topics Mobile RSS Facebook Twitter Account New user Login Members only Login to read more © DIGITIMES Inc. All rights reserved. Please do not republish, publicly broadcast or publicly transmit content from this website without written permission from DIGITIMES Inc. Please contact us if you have any questions.
News Research Finance Page 2 Supply chain window On Display Marketing Advanced 中文 繁體 | 簡體 Facebook Twitter Register Login Taipei, Thursday, November 24, 2016 04:38 (GMT+8) Taipei 22°C Home IT + CE Mobile + telecom Bits + chips Displays LED Green energy What's hot: smartphone Wistron Taiwan Inventec PC, CE Portable ICT manufacturing IT components, peripherals Server, IPC, cloud computing Software DIGITIMES login page Sorry, the page you are trying to open is available only for our paid subscribers. - Please sign in below if you wish to continue - New users, please register Login Save my User ID and Password NEW users please register first. I forgot my ID and/or password? For any problems contact webmaster or email questions and comments to editor Realtime news Digitimes Research: China mobile AP shipments to rise 11.6% in 4Q16 Bits + chips | 6h 7min ago VIA unveils new kiosk solution IT + CE | 6h 18min ago Digitimes Research: Taiwan makers to ship over 20 million LCD monitors in 4Q16 Displays | 6h 19min ago Taiwan makers poised to use IR LED in biometrics LED | 6h 39min ago Apple captures 91% share of global smartphone profits in 3Q16, says Strategy Analytics Mobile + telecom | 7h 2min ago Taiwan October manufacturing production index up, says MOEA Bits + chips | 7h 4min ago Compal arranges payment plan with LeEco for US$700 million accounts receivable Before Going to Press | 7h 15min ago Taiwan market: Acer sees strong demand for Swift ultra-thins Before Going to Press | 7h 18min ago AUO China subsidiary procures equipment worth NT$552.72 million Before Going to Press | 7h 22min ago China to review anti-dumping, anti-subsidization tariffs imposed on South Korea-based polysilicon makers Before Going to Press | 7h 27min ago CyberLink buys back 2.08% stake Before Going to Press | 7h 29min ago Medical PC solution provider Onyx Healthcare to debut on OTC market Before Going to Press | 7h 31min ago Pause  |  View more Latest Digitimes news AimCore expanding PSS capacity Market for 10nm mobile chips to heat up in 2017 BOE Technology plans to start production at 10.5G factory in 2Q18 Digitimes Research: Global notebook shipments up on year after two years of decline US fab tool book-to-bill ratio slips below parity ITRI unveils smart sensing solutions for use in daily life Castles Technology focuses overseas marketing on developing countries Senao Networks nets NT$8.75 per share for January-September Ardentec capex to exceed NT$5 billion over next 3 years Digitimes Research: Top-5 vendors, top-3 Taiwan ODMs October notebook shipments down 22%, 12% on month DRAM contract prices to rise 15% in 1Q17, says DRAMeXchange Taiwan aims at prevailing fixed-line Internet download speed of 2Gbps in 2025 Macroblock revenues and profits rise in 1Q-3Q16 HTC Vive shipments to lag behind Sony PSVR, Oculus Rift in 2016-2017 Huawei to ramp up its share in global smartphone, notebook and tablet markets in 2017 Court in Germany issues injunction against Everlight Electronics due to infringement of Nichia YAG patent Spreadtrum places 40nm chip orders with UMC Xiamen fab Taiwan market: Canon unveils EOS M5 IBM new server produced by Wistron, adopted by Tencent Silicon Motion announces SD 5.1 controller solution Taiwan market: Lenovo to launch Moto Z-series smartphones India market: Handset shipments to reach 265 million units in 2016, says firm Taiwan market: HTC unveils HTC 10 evo for high-end segment Japan chip gear orders rise 7% in October, says SEAJ Acer places 2017 main notebook orders with Quanta, Compal Market summary 23-Nov-2016 markets closed   Last Change TAIEX (TSE) 9133.39 +92.28 +1.02%  TSE electronic 368.2 +3.92 +1.08%  GTSM (OTC) 122.09 +0.86 +0.71%  OTC electronic 162.23 +1.78 +1.11%  View more Around the web Will Samsung create fabless, foundry business divisions? (Nov 23) - BusinessKorea Analog chipmaker Macom to buy Applied Micro for $770 million (Nov 21) - Reuters Intel is laying off a major portion of its wearables group (Nov 18) - TechCrunch Apple could make iPhones in US in future: sources (Nov 18) - Nikkei Electronics Asia South Korea losing strength in trade with China (Nov 17) - BusinessKorea HP's power-packed Z2 Mini desktop takes on Apple's aging Mac Mini (Nov 15) - Computerworld Microsoft, Nvidia collaborate on enterprise AI (Nov 16) - Investopedia Google and Facebook take aim at fake news sites (Nov 14) - New York Times Latest from Digitimes Research Reports Analysis Data Taiwan notebooks - 3Q 2016 Taiwan handsets – 2Q 2016 China smartphone AP shipments - 2Q 2016 More reports Digitimes Research: Top-5 vendors, top-3 Taiwan ODMs October notebook shipments down 22%, 12% on month Digitimes Research: Global notebook shipments up on year after two years of decline Digitimes Research: Growing use of facial recognition increases demand for IR LED devices Digitimes Research: Japan CE market sees decreased DSLR sales, focus on VR, takeoff of drone demand in 3Q16 More analysis 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 More interactive charts Supply chain window Sponsor zone Releases White papers Bulletin Practical approach to vertical applications demonstrates IoT Value TUV NORD provides complete supply chain solutions to help Taiwan makers grasp automobile electronics opportunities 'd!conomy – no limits': Keynote theme at CeBIT 2017 reveals the enormous potential afforded by digitalization Frontline PCB Solutions announces a company rebrand NVIDIA drives AI revolution, an ultimate challenge to GPU computing More releases Unisys IT Implementation of Unisys Stealth Solution for Data Center Segmentation Getting the Most Out Of Your Next Generation Digital Security Surveillance System Embracing the New Generation Intel Atom Family with DDR3 Memory Support Got The Message? Ensuring efficient and reliable delivery of content across a mission critical digital signage network Emb' Store On-Demand Software Service for Embedded Computing More white papers Perforce Software Wins Develop Industry Excellence Award for the Second Year in a Row Perforce Teams with Leading Git Client Developer fournova Perforce Introduces Helix GitSwarm: Flexible Git Ecosystem Mirrored to a Powerful Mainline Repository Perforce Helix Distributed Version Control System Brings Greater Flexibility While Maintaining Enterprise-class Security, Auditability and Control Perforce Powers Development of Legacy Quest for iOS and Android More in bulletin On display 1 2 3 Asustek ZenWatch 3 smartwatchPhoto: Company, Sep 13. Xplova X5 smartwatchPhoto: Company, Sep 13. Apple Watch Series 2 smartwatchesPhoto: Company, Sep 8. Apple iPhone 7 and 7 PlusPhoto: Company, Sep 8. Polar M600Photo: Company, Aug 4. Samsung Galaxy Note 7Photo: Company, Aug 3. Acer TravelMate X349 Photo: Company, Jul 25. Gigabyte GeForce GTX 1070 Mini ITX OC Edition graphics cardPhoto: Company, Jul 14. Gigabyte GeForce GTX 1070 Windforce OC Edition graphics cardPhoto: Company, Jul 13. Samsung 256GB UFS cardPhoto: Company, Jul 13. Gigabyte GeForce GTX 1070 G1 Gaming graphics card Photo: Company, Jul 1. AMD to release first Polaris graphics card soonPhoto: Michael Lee, Digitimes, Jun 3. Page 2 Hot Systems Digitimes Research: 4 million 9.7-inch iPad Pros to ship in 1H16 Digitimes Research: Global all-in-one PC shipments to drop 3.9% on year in 2015 Digitimes Research: iPad Pro shipments to be less than 3 million units in 4Q15 Digitimes Research: Intel processor shipments rely on Windows tablets for growth Digitimes Research: Tablets with phone functionality from white-box players to suffer over 15% decline in 2Q15 More Page 2 Apple introduces iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Acer unveils cycling computer Gigabyte launches two new GeForce GTX 1070 graphics cards Gigabyte launches graphics card with Nvidia GeForce GTX 1070 GPU AMD announces new workstation graphics card with 32GB memory More Hot Systems Topics Taiwan notebook ODMs Taiwan notebook Original Design Manufacturers (ODMs) account for more than 90% of global notebook production and Digitimes is there to provide daily... HTC Vive HTC is banking on its VR device to revive its business Virtual reality on the rise Virtual reality has become the latest topic of the PC industry with players such as Samsung, HTC, Google and Sony, all aggressively pushing into. Android The early success Google's Android platform has achieved in the handset market has caused system makers, software developers and semiconductor players... Frankly speaking Industry intros Potential of wireless charging technology: Q&A with WPC chairman Menno Treffers To help foster the development of related wireless charging technology in Taiwan, the Wireless Power... Business planning in the cloud: Q&A with Anaplan Silicon Valley based Anaplan, a cloud-based planning and performance management platform provider,... The gaming notebook competition: Q&A with Jone Chang from Gigabyte notebook department Gaming notebooks have become the main focus of Gigabyte Technology's notebook department and despite... Powering the cloud: Intel embraces new identity The next wave of computing is now beginning to define the IT industry, where the boundaries of computing... More interviews Smartphone and tablet industry: The view from Taiwan - May 2012 Taiwan-based companies have a long and successful history of involvement in the supply chain for mobile devices, which for the purposes of this article consist... Taiwan motherboard industry overview - May 2012 The year 2011 saw the motherboard industry reverse its trend of declining shipments year-on-year, to post a slight 0.2% growth. This upturn in fortunes was expected... Notebook market overview - Jun 2011 The notebook industry in 2010 experienced several major events that significantly changed the industry's ecosystem for the year and the industry is also believed... Taiwan motherboard industry overview - Jun 2011 The motherboard industry began 2010 with optimism and expected to see a reversal of the previous two years' declines in revenues and shipments as the impact of... More industry intros Sponsored links Wireless broadband developments in Southeast Asia markets As of 2013, the 10 ASEAN nations had a total of over 700 million mobile subscriptions, with the CAGR from 2003-2013 reaching 24%. This Digitimes Research Special Report analyzes the various mobile broadband markets in ASEAN and looks at the respective trends in 4G LTE development for those markets. 2015 global tablet demand forecast This Digitimes Research Special Report provides a 2015 forecast for the global tablet market and analyzes the strategies of key market players such as Google, Apple, Intel, and Microsoft. 2015 China smartphone panel trend forecast This Digitimes Research Special Report analyzes the strategies of key China-based major panel makers BOE, Tianma and IVO for attacking the different market segments through technology and pricing, and their relationship to local vendors Huawei, Lenovo, ZTE, Xiaomi and Coolpad. Buy link TAG CLOUD 3Q16 EPS gross margin notebook revenues Taiwan Mobile devices 2016 2017 shipments 4Q16 10 days cloud DIGITIMES About Advertising Marketing Membership Terms & conditions Privacy policy Contact us Notes & corrections Site map Channels News Research Finance Industry intros Page 2 Supply chain window Hot systems On display Tools & services Before going to press On demand Frankly speaking Around the web Topics Mobile RSS Facebook Twitter Account New user Login Members only Login to read more © DIGITIMES Inc. All rights reserved. Please do not republish, publicly broadcast or publicly transmit content from this website without written permission from DIGITIMES Inc. Please contact us if you have any questions.

Welcome Log out Login Register ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST LOGIN REGISTER PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables Home> CPUs Menu PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables TRENDING TOPICS Intel SSDs Storage Smartphones Mobile GPUs Samsung NVIDIA CPUs Home> CPUs More Details on Broxton: Quad Core, ECC, Up to 18 EUs of Gen9 by Ian Cutress on August 18, 2016 7:00 AM EST Posted in CPUs Intel SOC 14nm Goldmont Broxton 21 Comments | Add A Comment 21 Comments + Add A Comment An interesting talk regarding the IoT aspects of Intel’s Next Generation Atom Core, Goldmont, and the Broxton SoCs for the market offered a good chunk of information regarding the implementations of the Broxton-M platform. Users may remember the Broxton name from the cancelled family of smartphone SoCs several months ago, but the core design and SoC integration is still mightily relevant for IoT and mini-PCs, as well as being at the heart of Intel’s new IoT platform based on Joule which was announced at IDF this week as well. Broxton in the form that was described to us will follow the previous Braswell platform in the sense that it runs in a quad-core configuration (for most SKUs) consisting of two sets of dual cores sharing a common L3 cache, but will be paired with Intel’s Gen9 graphics. The GPU configuration will be either in a 12 execution unit (EU) or 18 EU format, suggesting that the core will have a single graphics slice and will implement Intel’s binning strategy to determine which EUs are used on each sub-slice. It was listed that Broxton will support VP9 encode and decode, as well as H.264. HEVC will be decode but they were hazy in clarifying decode support, saying that ‘currently we have a hybrid situation but this will change in the future’.  There will also be OpenCV libraries available for Computer Vision type workloads to take advantage of optimized libraries that focus specifically on the graphics architecture. It’s worth noting that on this next slide it notes the memory controller supporting DDR3L and LPDDR4, and later on in the presentation it only stated DDR3L. We asked about this, and were told that LPDDR4 was in the initial design specification, but may or may not be in a final product (or only in certain SKUs). However, DDR3L is guaranteed. It was confirmed that Broxton is to be produced on Intel’s 14nm process, featuring a Gen9 GPU with 4K encode and decode support for HEVC (though not if this is hardware accelerated or hybrid or not). The graphics part will feature an upgraded image processing unit, which will be different to other Gen9 implementations, and we will see the return of extended temperature processors (-40C to 110C) for embedded applications. One of the big plus points for Broxton will be the support of dual channel ECC memory. This opens up a few more markets where ECC is a fundamental requirement to the operation. The slides also state a 50-80% higher memory bandwidth over Braswell, which is an interesting statement if the platform does not support LPDDR4 (or it’s a statement limited to the specific SKUs where LPDDR4 is supported). All the displays from the Broxton SoC will support 4K60 outputs on eDP and DP/HDMI, along with more USB ports and support for eMMC 5.0. The support for 4K on HDMI might suggest full HDMI 2.0 support, however it is not clear if this is 4:2:0 chroma support or higher. The Broxton SKUs in this presentation were described as having a 6-12W TDP, with support on a number of Linux flavors, Android, and Windows 10. We asked about Windows 7 support, and we were told that while Broxton will likely support it, given the limited timeframe it is not expected to be promoted as a feature. We asked other questions on frequency, and were told to expect quad-core parts perhaps around 1.8-2.6 GHz. This would be in line with what we expect – a small bump over Braswell.  We are still waiting on more detailed information regarding Goldmont and Goldmont-based SoCs like Broxton, and will likely have to wait until they enter the market before the full ecosystem of products is announced.  Tweet PRINT THIS ARTICLE Post Your Comment Please log in or sign up to comment. POST A COMMENT 21 Comments View All Comments colinisation - Thursday, August 18, 2016 - link I wonder if we will ever see Intel use Core and Atom on the same die a la big.little Reply nandnandnand - Thursday, August 18, 2016 - link That could be a good way to get them to make mainstream 6+ core chips. Reply Cygni - Thursday, August 18, 2016 - link The question would be: why? Unless you are talking about Core coming to a mobile device, there really isn't much/any use case for an Atom core grafted onto a desktop or laptop CPU. Reply satai - Thursday, August 18, 2016 - link - a way to get more multithread power into laptop/tablet space? - a way to get the lowest power possible when the load is small in laptop/tablet space? - a way to get more multithread power in highend/pro for some kinds of load? Reply Samus - Friday, August 19, 2016 - link Why? Because it's a really good idea. A quick tweak of the scheduler and a branch monitor would properly thread weak and strong cores on the fly. Colinisation is on to something I suspect we will see within the next few years from Intel. Reply ianmills - Friday, August 19, 2016 - link Intel Atore! Reply jospoortvliet - Sunday, August 21, 2016 - link I already don't see how this SOC is at all relevant in the IoT market, with a TDP of 6-12 watt - while IoT devices are in the miliwatt range. Throwing in the Core architecture would make it even further from relevant. I am not saying this is a nice SOC for some embedded usage like in tv's or cars perhaps but you won't be wearing it and it is overkill for your fridge... so not an IoT this. I guess Intel just uses the term for marketing purposes and it is sad Anandtech.com doesn't call them out on it. Reply BlueBlazer - Thursday, August 18, 2016 - link This could be the new best HTPC chip with low power and full hardware video processing. Reply nathanddrews - Thursday, August 18, 2016 - link Two things: 1. Price would have to be around $100. 2. HDR10 (must) and DolbyVision (nice to have) output guaranteed One potential third item: 3. PlayReady 3.0 hardware DRM (SL3000). We'll likely never see 4K Netflix via PC without it. I'm not sure what Amazon and Vudu use for authentication, but it could be something similar. Reply npz - Friday, August 19, 2016 - link It *could* be but is not yet since they mentioned they don't have full h/w support. Actually, no fixed function hardware on any GPU or CPU supports the full spec of either h.264 or h.265 yet. Only recently the Nvidia GPUs support h.265 main10. But, who knows what other limitations there are, like I-frames, P-frames, B-frames, GOP length, etc. And none support high 10, nor main 10 in other chroma/colorspaces, only YUV 4:2:0, and not the professional 4:2:2 or uncompressed 4:4:4 Reply 1 2 3 ▶ PIPELINE STORIES + Submit News MSI Adds Low-Profile GeForce GTX 1050 Ti to Lineup Game Bundles: Get Civilization VI, Doom, Watch_Dogs 2 for Free with AMD, NVIDIA and Samsung Hardware Plextor Launches EX1 USB-C External SSD: Up to 550 MBps, 512 GB and LDPC Best CPUs: Holiday 2016 ADATA Launches the SD700 External SSD: Dust, Water and Shock Resistant (with 3D NAND) MSI Releases the 'VR One': A Backpack PC For VR From $1999 Best SSDs: Holiday 2016 NVIDIA Releases 375.86 WHQL Driver Update Fold Proteins for Charity & Help AnandTech Beat Tom’s Hardware: Starting December 1st Huawei Mate 9 Porsche Design Unboxing and Hands On Benchmarks Best Tablets: Holiday 2016 AMD Releases Radeon Software Crimson Edition 16.11.4 Hotfix TWEETS IanCutress: The new look at @ScanUKOfficial website is bad. More clicks to get to important areas, very bulky. (Aside, fewer Today Only deals as well.) IanCutress: G+ MIMO PCMCIA. Vintage. @belkin https://t.co/gSErVsRWDq IanCutress: My first ever MP3 player. 64MB internal memory, I had to write MP3 to CD and rerip to 60MB total to fit 20+ tracks… https://t.co/YysadNHZyR IanCutress: My pre-teen PC gaming, early 90s. Just found these in an old box. https://t.co/KLeKuIBlQo ganeshts: Snapchat Spectacles: The teardown https://t.co/qgbtLRHIcQ via @mashable ganeshts: @tmvn @RyanSmithAT Tom, the 'free' permit is only from members of the HEVC Adv. patent pool, right? What about MPEG-LA / other stakeholders? RyanSmithAT: @tmvn Excellent. Thanks for the clarification. Definitely a promising development then ganeshts: @RyanSmithAT @tmvn PR makes it look like a decent start to address HEVC license issues, but single patent pool is the elephant in the room RyanSmithAT: @futureofpeople Regrettably we won't be able to attend. But thank you for the heads up RyanSmithAT: @tmvn "where the HEVC [..] is fully executed in software on a general purpose CPU" So you'd have to pay to use an existing hardware decoder? RyanSmithAT: @DanMatte @chrisheinonen HDR is "free" from a processing POV. There's no reason not to use it if you have a good TV that doesn't add latency RyanSmithAT: @adityashah2011 @AIR82849708 The US does something kind of similar with magnetic ink IanCutress: @paulrteich It's been going on for about a month. I've had a dozen ganeshts: .@wimbet OP3T - price, and they know how to make proper use of screen real estate by providing option to NOT have on-screen nav. buttons ganeshts: @mikinho Definitely. For content consumption / tablet use-cases in mobile devices, USB-C ports are sufficient. Not sure about 'Pro' devices Follow @ANANDTECH   LINKS Home About Forums RSS Pipeline News Bench Galleries Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Contact Us TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS The Most Trusted in Tech Since 1997 About Advertising Privacy Policy Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved. TOPICS FOLLOW ABOUT CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides Facebook Twitter RSS About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Show Full Site Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved. BENCH CPU SSD GPU 2013 GPU 2012 Smartphone 2011 Mobile TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS ABOUT About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Show Full Site Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved. Log in Don't have an account? Sign up now Username Password Remember Me Lost your password?
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Opinion: Is Apple dropping AirPort products just simple financial sense, or a slippery slope? Trending in Apple MacBook Pro Diary: First impressions in the metal and glass Trending in Apple Review: Koogeek Smart Plug is a simple, inexpensive, Wi-Fi HomeKit device to get started with Siri home automation Trending in Apple Comment: Given the ultra-low repairability of the new MacBook Pro, I’m getting AppleCare this time Trending in Apple Send in the Clones: If Apple doesn’t want to innovate the desktop Mac, it should let others Trending in Apple Hands-on impressions: 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Video] August 18 AAPL: 109.08 -0.14 Future iPhones could feature Intel processors, say analysts, as chipmaker embraces ARM Ben Lovejoy - 3 months ago @benlovejoy Intel A-series chips View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Analysts are suggesting that Apple might in future buy the A-series chips it uses in iPhones and iPads from Intel, following an interesting turnaround by the chipmaker this week, reports Fortune. Intel has long offered foundry services in which they manufacture chips designed by customers, but that service has so far been limited to chips based on its own architecture. As of this week, however, the company has announced that it will also be able to produce ARM-based chips. This would allow Intel to compete with TSMC and Samsung for Apple’s iPhone and iPad chip business … Apple licenses ARM architecture to design its own A-series chips for iPhones and iPads. It has historically commissioned TSMC and Samsung to make these chips, though increasingly moving away from Samsung: TSMC is reported to be the only manufacturer of processors for the iPhone 7, and perhaps also for the iPhone 8. Intel coming on board as an ARM chipmaker creates two very good reasons for Apple to consider it as a future supplier. First, Apple generally likes to have a diverse supply-chain, to avoid becoming dependent on a single supplier. Second, commissioning both Mac and iOS device chips from Intel would give Apple additional bargaining power for both product lines. “Apple likes diversification in case there is a supply issue,” Counterpoint Research director Neil Shah says, noting that Tim Cook is known as a supply chain guru. “Apple can also use it as leverage to bargain Intel chip pricing for its Macs and so forth.” Other analysts agree that Intel will be targeting Apple’s A-series chip business, though noting that it would have to work hard on pricing to be competitive – Apple is renowned for driving hard bargains with suppliers. “We believe these updates were modest positives and estimate the key customer win that could really move the needle would be a foundry win at Apple,” UBS analyst Stephen Chin wrote on Wednesday. “Another uncertainty is how aggressive could Intel be with its foundry pricing to win new customers.” Fortune notes that there are other question-marks also. ARM has licensed limited capabilities to Intel, so highly-customized designs such as Apple’s may not be included. Also, Intel expects to start making 10 nm scale chips next year, but it has already had scheduling setbacks and its latest high-end PC chip family, known as Kaby Lake, is being made at the older 14 nm scale. Given the lead-times involved in such contracts, it is not expected that Intel would be in a position to produce A-series chips any earlier than 2019. In the meantime, it’s been reported that there will be one Intel chip inside the iPhone 7: the LTE modem. Guides Intel View THe Guide A-series chips View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Tech content trusted by users in North America and around the world 7,285 Reviews & Articles | 53,009 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU Home News Virtual & Augmented Reality Intel doubles down on VR, now building a VR studio in LA Intel is building a new studio in LA called the 'Intel Tech Experience Labs' where VR projects will take place By: Anthony Garreffa | Virtual & Augmented Reality News | Posted: Aug 18, 2016 10:32 am Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA Intel has committed to VR in a big way, announcing plans to build a new studio in LA that will work on sports and entertainment VR projects, with the new studio called the Intel Tech Experience Labs.     The company hasn't unveiled any details on the VR studio, but the LA Times has said that Intel will be working on helping companies and other third parties create VR videos using Intel's technology. VentureBeat reports that the VR studio will continue the work Intel did on the 360-degree replay technology is acquired earlier this year and was used by the NBA to provide fans with different angles of the court.   Intel isn't the first to have its own VR studio, with the Facebook-owned Oculus having its Story Studio, and YouTube has offices in both NYC and LA that have VR rigs. AOL even has a VR studio that Huffington Post uses for 360-degree content. It looks like Intel is getting very serious about VR, and that's a great thing to see. NEWS SOURCES:Engadget.com Recommended for You HTC Vive is $699 with Black Friday sales, until Nov... Serious Sam VR is an exciting and energetic shooter... I stepped into the shoes of John Wick and it was intense... IMAX secures $50 million to improve VR content >> NEXT STORY: NieR Automata is coming to PC << PREVIOUS STORY: Google's new Nexus as fast as Samsung Galaxy S7 Related Tags Intel IDF 2016 Intel Tech Experience Labs Intel VR Intel VR projects VentureBeat Oculus AOL Got an opinion on this news? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts Samuria Shodown VI compatible for PS4, avaliable Nov. 22 Twitter blocked their CEO's Twitter profile Nintendo Switch listed at $245, to release March 17? New Christmas themed Skylander joins the figurine team Samsung adding advertisements to old TVs through updateView More News Posts View Our Latest Videos Forum Activity use smart backup Trump Towers Sunny Isles Beach Sunny Isles Beach Apartments | Sunny Isles Beach Condos | https://trumptowermiamicondosforsale.com/ BIOSTAR Racing Z170GTN Mini-ITX Motherboard Review Antec Cube-Designed by Razer Mini-ITX Chassis Preview 970A-G/3.1 Bios non-responsiveView More Forum Posts Press Releases Asius technologies crowdfunds to produce its revolutionary ADEL Drum Bionic earbuds University of Toronto selects CoolIT Systems to liquid cool signal processor for CHIME Project MSI VR One backpack PC and GS63VR Stealth Pro gaming notebook recognized as 2017 CES innovation honoree G.SKILL releases new RIPJAWS KM570 RGB mechanical gaming keyboard Next Generation Esports (NGE) launches BattleRekt tournamentView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2016 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
null
Search the TechTarget Network Join CW+ Login Register Cookies News In Depth Blogs Opinion Videos Photo Stories Premium Content RSS IT Management IT leadership & CW500 IT architecture IT efficiency Governance Innovation Legislation & regulation Operations & support Project management Strategy Supplier management Business issues Sponsored Communities Industry Sectors Healthcare IT Charity IT Business services IT Financial services IT Government & public sector IT Leisure & hospitality IT Manufacturing IT Media & entertainment IT Retail IT SME IT Telecoms & internet Transport & travel IT Utilities IT IT suppliers Technology Topics Datacentre View All Clustering for high availability and HPC Datacentre backup power and power distribution Datacentre capacity planning Datacentre cooling infrastructure Disaster recovery/security Green IT Performance, monitoring and optimisation Systems management IaaS Server and Operating Systems PaaS Virtualisation SaaS Desktop virtualisation platforms Enterprise software View All Business applications Business intelligence Cloud applications Collaboration CRM Database ERP Financial applications HR software Middleware Windows Mobile Open source Operating systems SOA Software development Software licensing Virtualisation Web software IT in Europe and Middle East View All IT in Germany IT in Italy IT in Poland IT in Russia IT in Spain IT in the Middle East IT in The Netherlands IT in Turkey IT in France IT in the Nordics Information Management View All Big data Business intelligence and analytics BPM Content management Quality/governance Data warehousing Database management MDM/Integration IT in Asia-Pacific View All IT in ASEAN IT in Australia & New Zealand Internet View All Cloud E-commerce Internet infrastructure Social media Web development IT skills View All Training Jobs Management skills Technical skills Hardware View All Chips & processors Printers Storage Data centre Mobile Networking PC Servers IT security View All Antivirus Secure Coding and Application Programming Continuity Cloud security Data Breach Incident Management and Recovery Endpoint and NAC Protection Cybercrime IAM Risk management Network Security Management Data protection Compliance Regulation and Standard Requirements Security policy and user awareness Web Application Security IT services View All Cloud Consultancy Outsourcing Hosting Offshore Startups Mobile View All Laptop Mobile software Mobile networking Smartphone Tablet Networking View All Datacentre networking Internet of Things Mobile Network hardware Network monitoring and analysis Network routing and switching Network security strategy Network software Software-defined networking Telecoms networks and broadband communications Unified communications VoIP WAN performance and optimisation Wireless Storage View All Cloud storage Compliance and storage Backup Disaster recovery Flash and SSDs Hyper-convergence Disk systems Software-defined storage Storage switches Storage management Virtualisation and storage Please select a category Datacentre Enterprise software IT in Europe and Middle East Information Management IT in Asia-Pacific Internet IT skills Hardware IT security IT services Mobile Networking Storage kentoh - Fotolia Intel Developer Forum: Silicon Photonics boosts datacentre connectivity Daniel Robinson Microsoft Azure datacentres increase connectivity to 100Gbps thanks to Silicon Photonics interconnect This Article Covers Chips & processors RELATED TOPICS Printers Storage Data centre Mobile Networking PC Sections Share this item with your network: Related Content Will silicon photonics replace copper cabling in ... – ComputerWeekly Light speed computing – ComputerWeekly How will silicon photonics technology affect data ... – SearchDataCenter Latest News Case study: How the RAC is digitising roadside assistance Chancellor Phillip Hammond announces £400m investment in tech startups Nasscom lowers sales growth prediction for India’s IT industry View All News Latest Blog Posts MiFID II, data and compliance – what does the future hold for banks and hedge funds? – Data Matters Nutanix lubricates WD-40 datacentre – CW Developer Network View All Blogs Download Computer Weekly In The Current Issue: Unilever puts digital transformation in the hands of IT HPE: The UK business one year after split Datacentre industry faces looming skills crisis as need to replace retiring engineers grows Download Current Issue Silicon Photonics, Intel’s long-awaited optical interconnect technology that aims to deliver higher bandwidth at lower cost for datacentre networks, is now available commercially. Download this free guide Defining the datacentre needs of 21st century enterprises A collection of our most popular articles on datacentre management, including: Cloud vs. Colocation: Why both make sense for the enterprise right now; AWS at 10: How the cloud giant shook up enterprise IT and Life on the edge: The benefits of using micro datacenters Start Download Corporate E-mail Address: You forgot to provide an Email Address. This email address doesn’t appear to be valid. This email address is already registered. Please login. You have exceeded the maximum character limit. Please provide a Corporate E-mail Address. By submitting my Email address I confirm that I have read and accepted the Terms of Use and Declaration of Consent. By submitting your personal information, you agree that TechTarget and its partners may contact you regarding relevant content, products and special offers. You also agree that your personal information may be transferred and processed in the United States, and that you have read and agree to the Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy. The chipmaker also announced a new member of its Xeon Phi family of high-performance computing (HPC) chips, to be known as Knights Mill. The second day of the Intel Developer Forum (IDF) in San Francisco kicked off with a greater focus on the datacentre, traditionally one of Intel’s key markets. Diane Bryant, executive vice-president for Intel’s Data Center Group, said: “We are currently going through a period of ‘hyper innovation’ that was putting great stress on datacentres and their infrastructure, with emerging applications demanding ever-higher network bandwidth. “Datacentre east-west traffic has been doubling every 12 months. Today, this is handled by fibre-optic connections, but this is expensive. It is estimated that 50% of total network cost in the datacentre is fibre.” Silicon Photonics is intended to solve that problem, said Bryant. It cuts the cost of fibre connections by using Intel’s existing chip lithography technologies to manufacture both the semiconductor laser light source and the transceiver circuitry on a single piece of silicon. The first transceiver modules offer speeds of 100Gbps for switch-to-switch optical interconnects. But Intel has a roadmap to up this to 400Gbps in future, through Silicon Photonics 100G PSM4 (Parallel Single Mode fibre 4-lane) and Silicon Photonics 100G CWDM4 (Coarse Wavelength Division Multiplexing 4-lane) products. Read more from IDF Augmented reality and building intelligence into IoT endpoints were among the highlights at Intel’s annual conference. Intel is having to face up to a world where simply having faster processors is no longer enough.  One customer planning to deploy the technology is Microsoft, which said it would use it in its Azure datacentres to help cope with the burgeoning bandwidth requirements of its cloud services. “Back in 2009, server bandwidth was a gigabit per second. This year, we’re seeing 15Gbps,” said Kushagra Vaid, general manager for hardware infrastructure in Microsoft’s cloud and enterprise division. According to Vaid, the problem is that, as data rates scale from 10Gbps to 25Gbps and beyond, “we start to hit a brick wall”. Vaid said new technology is required to support continued growth. Bryant also unveiled the next chip in Intel’s Xeon Phi family of HPC processors, codenamed Knights Mills, which is due to arrive in 2017. This follows on from official availability of the Knights Landing chip this June, which features up to 72 processor cores, 16GB of high-speed memory integrated inside the chip package for low latency access, and can be configured with up to 384GB of main memory. Few details Intel disclosed few details about the forthcoming chip. It will be able to run as a standalone processor in its own right, rather than a co-processor, and will include new optimisations for boosting applications such as machine learning and artificial intelligence, according to the firm. “We have included new instructions into the Intel instruction set for variable-precision floating point, offering even higher precision and improved efficiency,” said Bryant. The company expects that by 2020, there will be more servers running data analytics than any other workload. These data analytics applications would be able to take advantage of the new variable-precision floating point instructions. One firm that is already using Xeon Phi to accelerate analytics workloads is Baidu, the web services firm styled as China’s answer to Google. It is using the technology to improve speech recognition algorithms. Baidu said it was planning to build and operate public cloud services based around Xeon Phi, to make HPC facilities accessible to a broader range of developers. CW+ Features Enjoy the benefits of CW+ membership, learn more and join. E-Zine IT spreads innovation at Unilever E-Zine Computer Weekly 50th anniversary special E-Handbook A Computer Weekly buyer's guide to operational IT Read more on Chips and processor hardware All News In Depth Opinion Photo Stories Videos CW@50: The Great British chip invention Intel Developer Forum: Out of the server room and onto smart devices Intel to acquire AI firm Nervana Systems Japanese tech firm to acquire UK chipmaker ARM Load More View All Intel Developer Forum: Out of the server room and onto smart devices Intel to acquire AI firm Nervana Systems Japanese tech firm to acquire UK chipmaker ARM Intel to cut workforce despite strong Q1 results Load More View All News CW@50: The Great British chip invention Where is all the innovation in the PC industry? High-performance computing drives high-performance F1 cars to success View All In Depth As cheap as chips: turning the 'internet of things' into business benefits View All Opinion Intel future showcase – The past, present and future of technology View All Photo Stories IBM fellow Bernie Meyerson discusses IT beyond Moore's Law Interview with Raspberry Pi co-founder, Robert Mullins View All Videos Start the conversation 0 comments Send me notifications when other members comment. Add My Comment Register Login Forgot your password? Forgot your password? No problem! Submit your e-mail address below. We'll send you an email containing your password. Submit Your password has been sent to: By submitting you agree to receive email from TechTarget and its partners. If you reside outside of the United States, you consent to having your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States. Privacy Please create a username to comment. Oldest  Newest  -ADS BY GOOGLE Latest TechTarget resources CIO Security Networking Data Center Data Management SearchCIO Achieve digital success: Takeaways from CEB's Summit for IT Leaders Faster IT operating models, companywide change, new hires: The CEB Summit for IT Leaders maps out the steps to digital success. Microsoft and Linux: Growing ties could benefit CIOs Microsoft's recent arrival as a Premier-level member of The Linux Foundation deepens the Redmond company's involvement in open ... Perkins taps cloud for mobile bus stop app Cloud computing is helping Perkins School for the Blind deliver bus stop information to people with visual impairment -- today in... SearchSecurity DHS hiring puts into question the cybersecurity skills shortage A successful hiring event by the Department of Homeland Security calls into question the existence of the cybersecurity skills ... Digital Guardian for Data Loss Prevention: Product overview Expert Bill Hayes examines Digital Guardian for Data Loss Prevention and more of the vendor's DLP product lineup, which cover ... Risk & Repeat: Will Rule 41 changes become cybersecurity law? In this Risk & Repeat podcast, SearchSecurity editors discuss the controversial Rule 41 changes and what they mean for law ... SearchNetworking The ways you can make Wave 2 wireless work for you The introduction of Wave 2 wireless and 802.11ac products promises to deliver improved performance and other networking benefits ... Tips to understand different TCP port-scanning techniques TCP port scanning detects vulnerabilities within networks, and knowing the different scans available can help network ... Cisco patent infringement avoided, new Arista OSes OK to import Federal officials have cleared Arista's newer switches for importation to the U.S. after trade officials found older Arista ... SearchDataCenter OpenStack enterprise adoption still awaits full embrace OpenStack in the enterprise is more likely to see continued adoption via vendor distributions and managed services, not the raw ... Navigate recent changes to data center networking architecture Thanks to hybrid cloud and containers, data center networks are tougher to crack than ever. But IT can succeed if it follows a ... Evolve IT budget planning for software-defined infrastructure During IT budget planning for a software-defined data center, maximize value by accounting for predictable demand spikes, and ... SearchDataManagement Big data pipeline drives change in Hadoop architecture, development A move to fast data analytics and real-time processing could bring change to the big data pipeline. Microservices are edging into... Data trust gap confronts analytics -- time to open the 'black box' C-suite honchos sign off on analytics tool purchases and then wonder what they've wrought. But data trust can build if ... Following a notion for SQL, architect creates NoSQL data modeling notation Ted Hills, an enterprise architect at LexisNexis and the author of a recent book on NoSQL data modeling, discusses the ins and ... About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Our Use of Cookies Advertisers Business Partners Media Kit Corporate Site Contributors Reprints Archive Site Map Answers E-Products Events In Depth Guides Opinions Quizzes Photo Stories Tips Tutorials Videos All Rights Reserved, Copyright 2000 - 2016, TechTarget Close
By reading this site you agree to our cookie policy. Click to find out more. [x] HOME TECH GAMING BUSINESS CONSUMER MOBILE HEXUS.TV TRUST COMPETITIONS FORUMS SEARCH You are here: Industry CPU Graphics News 3 Nvidia highlights Intel Deep Learning benchmark mistakes by Mark Tyson on 18 August 2016, 09:42 Tags: NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA), Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) Quick Link: HEXUS.net/qac5uv Add to My Vault: At the ISC High Performance conference back in June, which focuses upon HPC developments, Intel published a press deck (PDF) trumpeting the appeal of its Knights Landing Xeon Phi processors. Among the compelling qualities of the Xeon Phi, according to Intel, was its use for Deep Learning, and it was shown in the presentation slides to be a top performer at essential 'training' tasks. I have reproduced the slide I am referring to directly below. The key claims of the slide, and what its graphs try to make immediately clear, is that Xeon Phi outperforms GPUs for deep learning training in three major ways: Xeon Phi is 2.3x faster in training than GPUs Xeon Phi offers 38% better scaling that GPUs across nodes Xeon Phi delivers strong scaling to 128 nodes while GPUs do not It seems that these claims have hit a sore spot with rival chipmaker Nvidia. In a blog post earlier this week the green team was keen to point out that "newcomer" Intel was using out of date benchmarks. Nvidia says that deep learning is such a fast moving field some companies might not be able to keep up with cutting edge developments. A case in point is that Nvidia's own architecture and software "have improved neural network training time by over 10x in a year by moving from Kepler to Maxwell to today’s latest Pascal-based systems". Tables are turned – "Fresh vs Stale Caffe" The main focus of the Nvidia blog post is to highlight that Intel has used old versions (March 2015) of publically available benchmark software and if the newest benchmarks were to be used (with software from August 2016) the results would be overturned – Nvidia would be the winner all the way. A chart below shows how much faster Nvidia GPU solutions are using new Caffe AlexNet data. In another Intel comparison its Xeon Phi is pitted against four-year-old GPUs (Nvidia Tesla K20X) paired with older interconnect technology. Last but not least Nvidia claims that Intel's scaling claims are wrong, as verified by one of its customers, Baidu. Offering some constructive criticism for Intel, Nvidia thinks that "deep learning testing against old Kepler GPUs and outdated software versions are mistakes that are easily fixed in order to keep the industry up to date". Nvidia's blog post concludes that while it is "great that Intel is now working on deep learning," the company should endeavour to "get their facts straight". Related Reading 19 Scan Computers launches new website UK computer retailer also unveils its first-ever TV ad. 0 HEXUS Week In Review: Kraken X52, Akoya S3409 and SC17 1070 Your chance to catch up on the week's tech developments. 7 Gigabyte Server Q&A with Craig Connell Head Business Manager lays out GPU server strategy. HEXUS Week In Review: Blade Stealth, Harpoon and FreeSync Nanocoated cathode powders prevent Li-ion battery explosions Netflix 4K on PCs requires Kaby Lake, Windows 10, and Edge Graphics card AiB market report shows AMD at 29 per cent AMD Radeon RX 470 Hitman Complete promo goes live HEXUS Forums :: 3 Comments Login with Forum Account User Name Password Don't have an account? Register today! Posted by jnutt - Thu 18 Aug 2016 10:28 LOL you couldn't make it up… well actually Intel did! Posted by CaptainAmerica - Thu 18 Aug 2016 10:35 Considering Nvidia basically pioneered this marketing technique… Can you say hypocrisy? Posted by Corky34 - Thu 18 Aug 2016 11:19 Wasn't it Microsoft who pioneered that marketing technique, i seem to remember them publishing benchmarks that showed DirectX was faster than Glide/OpenGL. MY HEXUS Sign in for the best HEXUS experience LOG IN REGISTER HEXUS NEWSLETTER MOST VIEWED MOST COMMENTED 1 AMD Zen chips to debut on 17th January: Chinese mobo maker 27 2 Shipping manifest hints at Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 Ti 10GB VRAM 22 3 Intel's 9th gen Coffee Lake chips to make 6-core mainstream 12 4 Nvidia releases GeForce Game Ready 375.86 WHQL drivers 7 5 Corsair Crystal Series 570X RGB 10 1 AMD Zen chips to debut on 17th January: Chinese mobo maker 27 2 Shipping manifest hints at Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 Ti 10GB VRAM 22 3 Scan Computers launches new website 19 4 Asus ROG launches the GX800 liquid cooled gaming laptop 18 5 Intel's 9th gen Coffee Lake chips to make 6-core mainstream 12 EVENTS ALL EVENTS POLL FACEBOOK INDUSTRY PRESS RELEASES 1 Strax: Strategic acquisitions and Vodafone partnership 2 Introducing FS3017, Synology’s First All-Flash NAS 3 NVIDIA SHIELD: Black Friday hits early with over 60 games on sale 4 FSP Unveils New Twins Series Redundant PSU For Consumers 5 Vertagear Launch Triigger Line Gaming Chair 6 Transcend Presents DDR4 Industrial-Grade Wide Temperature Memory Modules INFORMATION About us Advertise Contact us How Competitions work How we test About Cookies What our awards mean Privacy and terms of use SUBSCRIPTIONS RSS / Alerts / Twitter Facebook / Newsletter Unsubscribe HEXUS Community Members: 408,224 Forum posts: 2,559,540 Forum threads: 246,696 Currently active users: 682 Copyright © 1998 - 2016, HEXUS.net. All rights reserved. HEXUS® is a registered trademark.
null
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर्स्टपोस्ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Startup Gaming Biztech Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented Demonetisation: Here’s how India could transform itself into a digital economy 12   Comments Narendra Modi app seeks opinion on demonetisation of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes By tech2 News Staff 7   Comments Why I want to swap my Google Nexus 6P for a OnePlus 3T By Kunal Khullar 7   Comments Microsoft exec calls out Apple on its aging Mac hardware; and he’s right By Anirudh Regidi 7   Comments You will lose your Google account if you sell your Google Pixel device 4   Comments Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Intel Joule is a high performance Atom-powered IoT module targetted at hardware developers #Intel Joule 4 By tech2 News Staff /  18 Aug 2016 , 13:15 Intel’s Developer Forum (IDF) is underway at San Francisco, and Intel has some good news for hardware developers working in the IoT space. It has unveiled Joule, which is a high performance Atom powered IoT kit. Intel Joule is the successor to the Intel’s Galileo, Edison and Curie line of IoT kits which were based on the Intel Quark SoC Intel is hoping the Joule module to be used in applications as varied as drones, robotics and with support from Intel’s RealSense technology to be used in VR and AR applications as well. There isn’t much detail on the graphics processing power of the Joule, but according to AnandTech, the Joule supports 4K video capture and display. The Intel Joule comprises two variants – the Joule 570X and Joule 550X. Unlike its predecessors which were based on a combination of Atom Silvermont cores and low power Quark CPU cores, the Joule uses Intel’s Broxton-M platform – which was initially meant to be used in consumer devices but was cancelled when Intel decided to move out of the mobile chipsets space. Both the variants use the Intel Atom Broxton-M SoC but with varying clock speeds. The Joule 570X uses 4x Goldmont cores clocked at 1.7GHz which can turbo to 2.4GHz and this is paired with 4GB of LPDDR4 RAM and 16GB eMMC storage. On the other hand the Joule 550X uses 4x Goldmont cores clocked at 1.5GHz with no turbo feature, along with 3GB LPDDR4 RAM and 8GB eMMC storage option. Both the Joule 570X and Joule 550X come support 802.11ac Wi-Fi along with Bluetooth 4.1. The I/O connectivity options are also similar for both the boards such as USB 3.0, GPIO, UART, MIPI camera and display interfaces and so on. The board measures 48 x 24 x 3.5mm. This is slightly larger than the Intel Edison board. The Intel Joule will support different operating systems, with a new Linux distro meant specifically for this hardware being the default OS. Intel is calling it the Reference Linux OS for IoT. Canonical Ubuntu Core, Windows 10 IoT Core are also supported. The Intel Joule 570X is on sale for $369 which comes to approx Rs 25,000, and will be available with Intel partners from next month. Tags: Broxton-M, Intel, Intel Broxton, Intel IDF, Intel Joule, Internet of Things, IoT Also read Intel unveils the Project Alloy “merged reality” headset; Intel’s answer to AMD’s Sulon Q Intel announces IoT and VR projects at Intel Developer Forum X Recommended For You Malware allows hackers to use headphones as microphones to spy on you CES 2017: Xiaomi to launch a global ‘innovative’ product at its CES debut in 2017 Over forty percent of the population in India does not own even a basic feature phone: ITU report Demonetisation: Transaction fee on card payments and railway e-tickets waived till 31 December Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #AR Nov 23, 2016 Head mounted augmented reality glasses not safe for use while driving: Study #Flipkart Nov 23, 2016 Flipkart has sold more than 1 million Xiaomi Redmi 3S in less than 4 months #Trupay Nov 23, 2016 State Bank of India and HDFC Bank now support Trupay UPI payments #Facebook Nov 23, 2016 Facebook India believes the world is already mobile, and is working to further its growth #Adobe Nov 23, 2016 Adobe Acrobat Reader mobile app updates with new scanning feature SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality Rating : 8 / 10 Yu Yureka Review: Micromax delivers a good, affordable 4G-enabled phablet; Should Xiaomi worry? T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2016 Tech2.com
null
null
null
Skip to content Fone Arena The Mobile Blog Menu Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Intel unveils Knights Mill Xeon Phi chips for Artificial Intelligence Intel has showcased next-generation Xeon Phi chips for Artificial Intelligence (AI). Code-named as Knights Mill, the chip is geared towards higher performance deep-learning applications. Intel said the chip would add more so-called “floating point” calculations, which are important for powering machine learning algorithms. The company did not reveal any details about Knights Mill. Intel says its processors already power 97 percent of servers deployed to support machine learning workloads. According to the chipmaker, only 7% of all servers being used for machine learning and only 0.1% are running deep neural nets, a subset of machine learning that emulates the neurons and synapses of the brain to make sense of unstructured data. However, Nvidia has questioned Intel about the performance of its Xeon Phi cards. Intel recently published some benchmarks comparing the ones with Nvidia’s technology, claiming that the Xeon Phi processor is 2.3 times faster than Nvidia GPUs for machine learning algorithms. Nvidia has denied these claims saying that most of the benchmarking came from outdated software and hardware that doesn’t offer a true side-by-side comparison. Nvidia claimed if Intel had used the latest technology, Nvidia would achieve 30% faster training machine learning models over Intel. The company said the Xeon Phi chip would be out sometime in 2017. Earlier this month, Intel acquired machine learning startup Nervana. "Intel unveils Knights Mill Xeon Phi chips for Artificial Intelligence", 5 out of 5 based on 11 ratings. Author: Sneha Bokil Sneha Bokil is a tech enthusiast and is currently using Nexus 5X but she still treasures her Nokia N70 (M). You can follow her on Twitter @snehabokil and on Google+ View all posts by Sneha Bokil Author Sneha BokilPosted on August 18, 2016August 18, 2016Categories Intel Post navigation Previous Previous post: iPhone 7 to reportedly come with 256GB storage option Next Next post: Samsung Galaxy Note7 Unboxing Trending Phones OnePlus 3 Xiaomi Mi Max Gionee S6 Pro Le 2 Pro Le 2 Le Max 2 Mobile Phones Nokia Sony Ericsson Samsung Motorola i-Mate Dopod HTC LG 02 BlackBerry Sagem Haier palmOne HP Spice Fly Apple Latest Phones Lenovo Phab 2 Lenovo Phab 2 Plus Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto Z Force Reliance Lyf Wind 5 Featured Video Subscribe to FA on YouTube Recent Posts HTC Desire 650 with dual textured back, High-Res audio support announced TVS Motor’s IRIDE smart app will detect vehicle movement, parking location and more Xiaomi Mi 5c surfaces, Paytm launches Mobile App POS and more – FoneArena Daily Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge Glossy Black variant with 128GB storage surfaces in live images Xiaomi Mi Wi-Fi Speaker with voice control and Mi Home Theater with 360-degree sound, PatchWall AI announced Nextbit Robin gets Android 7.0 Nougat community beta iBall Musi Barrel BT31 and Karaoke Barrel portable Bluetooth speakers launched starting at Rs. 2625 Xiaomi Mi 5c surfaces in more live images, shows fingerprint sensor Belkin Road Rockstar Car Charger Review LeEco ‘LeMall for All’ sale from Nov 23 to 25 in India – Cashback, No extra cost EMI and more CategoriesCategories Select Category 2 in 1 3G 4G Accessories Acer Aircel Airtel Alcatel Amazon Android Announcements AOC Apple apps Articles askFA AskFoneArena Asus AT&T Bada Battery test Benchmarks Bharti Blackberry BlackBerry World Blogging Bluetooth Brands BSNL BT Byond Camera Samples Canada Cases CDMA CeBIT Celkon CES CES 2013 CES 2014 CES 2015 CES 2016 Chaze Cheers China china Computex 2014 Computex 2015 Computex 2016 Contributors Coolpad CREO CTIA Datawind Dell Development development Digiflip Pro Domo Dual SIM EE Elephone eReaders EV-DO Events Exclusive Facebook Featured Firefox Fitness Trackers Fly FoneArena Daily FoneArena Labs G Five Games G’FIVE General Gifts Gionee Google GPRS GPS GSM Guides Handsets Headlines HP HTC Huawei Hutch iBall iberry IDEA IFA India Infocus INQ Instagram Photo Contest Intek Intel Interviews Intex IoT iPad iPhone itel Japan Japan Java / J2ME Jio Jolla Karbonn Lava LeEco Lemon Lenovo LeTV LG Linux Luxury Maemo Magicon Manufacturers Maxx MeeGo Meizu Memory Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTNL MTS Multimedia MWC MWC 2010 MWC 2011 MWC 2012 MWC 2013 MWC 2014 MWC 2015 MWC 2016 News Nexian Nextbit NFC Nokia Nokia World 2009 Nokia World 2010 Nokia World 2011 Nokia-Siemens O2 Obi OnePlus Operators Oplus Oppo Palm Palm Panasonic Phicomm Philips Photo Gallery Platforms poll Press Releases Previews Qiku Qualcomm Reliance Reliance Reports Reviews Roundup Rumors Sailfish Samsung Sections SEE2009 Sennheiser Simmtronics Singapore Smartisan Smartron Smartwatches SMS Software Sony Sony Ericsson Spice Spice Sprint Swipe Symbian T-Mobile Tablets Tata Docomo Tata Indicom TCL Teardown Technology Tesla Three Tips Tizen TP-LINK Ubuntu uk Ulefone UMi Unboxings Uncategorized Uninor USA VAS Verizon Video Videocon Videocon Vivo Vodafone VR Wallets WickedLeak Wifi Win a Nokia E7 Windows Xiaomi Xolo YU Zen Zopo ZTE ZUK FA on Facebook Youtube Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Fone Arena 2005-2016
The Indian Express Nation World Opinion Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Home Compare News Mobile & Tabs Gadgets Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Intel Joule is a high performance platform for Internet of Things Intel Joule is a high performance platform for Internet of Things Intel's Joule platform enables developers to take a concept into a prototype and production at a fraction of the time By: Tech Desk | Published:August 18, 2016 11:44 am Intel’s Joule platform enables developers to take a concept into a prototype and production at a fraction of the time (Source: Intel) Intel has announced a new high performance developer platform for IoT developers, enterpreneurs and established enterprises. Intel Joule module is the first to feature support for company’s RealSense depth-sensing camera. Intel’s Joule platform enables developers to take a concept into a prototype stage and eventually into a full-fledged production technology at a fraction of the time. Intel is pitching the compute module as an advanced technology to bring down development cost. However, this isn’t the first module from Intel that supports IoT platform development. Intel Joule is a high performance system-on-module in a tiny package with low-power consumption. Intel says Joule is ideal for computer vision, drones, robotics, industrial IoT, AR, VR, micro-servers and all other applications requiring high-end edge computing. Intel is making Joule module available in two variants – 570x and 550x. Intel Joule 570x developer kit is available for sale at 2016 Intel Developer Forum being held in San Francisco and will begin shipping in September. Intel already sells similar enthusiast boards based on its Galileo chipset. Intel’s Arduino is an open-source prototyping platform for easy-to-use hardware and software. The open-source platform is capable of reading select inputs like a Twitter message or a light on a sensor. Arduino programmers can instruct their board to take certain action based on a set of instructions. Genelia Deshmukh On Being A Mother And Bollywood Career Bigg Boss 10 November 22 Review: Bani Lashes Out At Swami Om, Manoj Punjabi Demonetisation: Supreme Court Refuses To Stay Proceedings Why Is Jammu Kashmir’s Machil Sector Seen As A Safe Passage For Infiltrators Amartya Sen No Longer Part Of Nalanda University Board Government Plans To Bring GST Bills As Money Bills: Here’s Why Demonetisation: Relief For Common Man: Find Out More Salman Khan And Family Celebrate Helen’s Birthday At Galaxy Apartments Demonetisation: Finance Minister Arun Jaitley Defends Government’s Move Aamir Khan’s Dangal Pales In Comparison To Surroundings Of Mahavir Singh Phogat’s Village J&K: 3 Soldiers Killed, Body Of One Mutilated In Machhal Sector PM Narendra Modi Asks People To Rate Demonetisation Ex-Gujarat Energy Minister Has Financial Interest In 8 Onshore Oil Blocks: Find Out More US President-Elect Donald Trump Lays Out Agenda For First 100 Days Modi Keynote Prank App Spurns Several Clones There is also Raspberry Pi 3, which supports developing Internet of Things based applications. Raspberry Pi 3 is the most popular enthusiast board for turning ideas into prototypes. Also Read: Mixed reality is here and it could better virtual reality With Joule, Intel is making advanced technology like RealSense depth cameras available to more developers. Intel Joule will serve as platform for developing RealSense based technology devices. © The Indian Express Online Media Pvt Ltd Express TechIE Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Gionee S6 Xiaomi Mi 5 Best of Express 26/11 Stories of Strength presented by The Indian Express, Facebook & Instagram IndiaPakistan says three of its soldiers killed in cross border firing; 'response to ceasefire violations,' says Army BusinessHuge surge in Jan Dhan account deposits, Rs 21,000 crore mobilised IndiaNavjot Kaur Sidhu, Pargat Singh will join Congress on Nov 28: Amarinder Singh IndiaDemonetisation logjam: Govt reaches out to Opposition, PM likely to attend RS tomorrow BusinessFormer Tata Steel honcho rebuts Cyrus Mistry charges on Corus buy EntertainmentAlia Bhatt is like Jennifer Lawrence: a star who’s also terrific actor EntertainmentBefikre's song Khulke-Dhulke: Ranveer Singh, Vaani Kapoor and a Bollywood Punjabi wedding, watch video EntertainmentBaahubali 2 leaked scene may have done more good than harm EntertainmentSalman Khan meets his onscreen son Ali Haji after nine years. These pics will make you feel so old Must Read SportsFrom evergreen to never-green SportsWomen's team hurt by BCCI-ICC miscommunication SportsEver-evolving pink ball ticks a few more boxes TechnologyAsus Zenbook 3 UX390 Review: Sleek and powerful, but the price tag is high TechnologyFacebook claims its helping move business with real results TechnologyOnePlus 3 vs iPhone 6: Which is the better mid-range flagship? LifestyleWATCH: Priyanka Chopra's hairstylist reveals her style secrets (or at least tries to!) Nov 23: Latest News Excavated from Aarey metro 3 carshed: Archaeologist from MU to study artefacts Demonetisation: Wheat farmers have no cash for fertilisers, pesticides or labour Northeast cops on lookout for Rs 9 cr pushed by rebels ATM cash van guard ‘threatened’in Mumbai’s Pali Hill, Bandra Demonetisation: Apex court refuses to stay proceedings in other courts                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2016 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
CNET Reviews CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Black Friday Cyber Monday Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home CNET Smart Home CNET Smart Apartment Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Black Friday Deals Cyber Monday Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español Click here to open Why Intel's new Kaby Lake processors won't make your computer much faster Analysis: Intel's seventh-generation Core processors are here -- but they're not a significant upgrade. Nick Knupffer Why Intel's new Kaby Lake processors won't make your computer much faster 0 Laptops by Sean Hollister October 27, 2016 6:03 PM PDT @starfire2258 Up Next Pokemon Go tracking finally goes live and actually works Intel turns to Overwatch to show off seventh-generation core Intel's CEO put his company's new core processor to the test on stage by playing Overwatch. 0:57 Close Drag Apple's new MacBook Pro is an eye-catching new computer. So are Microsoft's new Surface Studio and upgraded Surface Book. But none of them use Intel's latest processors. Is that a big deal? Not as much as you'd think. Here's our explainer from August on what "Kaby Lake" really means for your next PC. Original story published August 17: The clock has stopped. The chips are down. Intel's seventh-gen Core processors, codename Kaby Lake, are now official -- but they aren't as big an upgrade as you'd expect from Intel. Sure, they're a little bit faster and a little bit more power-efficient. But the best thing about Intel new CPUs might actually be this: the deals you'll find on PCs with last year's chips. Here's why Kaby Lake isn't such a big deal. What's a Kaby Lake? Intel's seventh-generation Core processors, the latest and greatest CPUs the company has to offer. They're the successor to Intel's sixth-gen "Skylake" processors from 2015. But Kaby Lake isn't a true successor to Skylake. It's more like Skylake+. Usually, Intel creates a powerful new processor architecture, then the following year shrinks down the circuits for better efficiency. (Intel, much like Ke$ha, is industry-famous for that "Tick-Tock" product cycle.) Enlarge Image Kaby Lake isn't huge. It's about twice the size of California's Lake Tahoe -- a popular vacation spot for Silicon Valley residents. Photo by Google Maps But Kaby Lake doesn't do either of those things. The circuits are the same 14 nanometer size as Intel's earlier Skylake and Broadwell chips, and it's not a new architecture either. Intel had been trying to shrink down to 10nm with a processor called Cannonlake, but those chips were delayed. So for now, we're stuck at Tock. No, really, what's a Kaby Lake? Is "Kaby" a kind of fish? Oh. No, it appears to be an actual lake in Canada. Maybe the CEO enjoys hunting moose in his spare time? Is Kaby Lake any better than my existing computer processor? Intel thinks so! The company says its thin laptop chips are 12 percent faster than Skylake in raw performance, and far more efficient at decoding 4K video. In fact, Intel claims you could get 3 more hours of battery life while streaming YouTube 4K videos (7 vs. 4 hours) compared to last year's chips. And for gamers, the company even showed an incredibly thin laptop playing fast-paced shooter Overwatch reasonably well. That sounds great, no? Sure -- until you take a hard look at how Intel generated those numbers. It's not too surprising that Intel's Kaby Lake CPU ran 12 percent faster than the comparable Skylake -- because the new chip is clocked 12 percent faster anyhow! Which could be a problem, because faster clock speeds tend to generate more heat and consume more battery as well. Enlarge Image Intel shows performance gains of 12 percent. Perhaps it's because the chip is working 12 percent harder? Photo by Intel And while Intel's battery life numbers for 4K video are hard to ignore, Intel tells me that battery life should be "similar" -- not necessarily better than Skylake -- across other kinds of workloads. We could easily be in a situation like Intel's Broadwell vs. Haswell, where the company claimed better performance with the same battery life, but devices actually consumed a bit more battery in real-world use. I'm optimistic, though, and we'll need to test for sure. What about the gaming performance? I wouldn't get too excited just yet. We took a closer look at Overwatch on a Dell XPS 13 with the new Intel chip, and it ran pretty smooth...but with a few caveats. Judge for yourself: Also note that Intel may still have some more powerful graphics in the near future: we haven't yet seen how far the company's souped-up Intel Iris graphics have come. Are there any sleek new laptops or tablets coming with Kaby Lake, at least? Sure! Feast your eyes on the new Acer Swift 7: 9 An early look at the ultra-thin Acer Swift 7 laptop We also saw a sleek HP Spectre with a new OLED panel, a refreshed Dell XPS 13, and a 6.9mm-thick Asus detachable tablet -- the Asus T305 -- with a fingerprint reader built right into the power button. Intel says there'll be over 100 different slim computers with Kaby Lake chips by the end of the year. When will Kaby Lake start showing up in new PCs? Enlarge Image Intel CVP Navin Shenoy holds up a Kaby Lake chip. Photo by Sean Hollister/CNET Well, that's the other thing...we'll see the first Kaby Lake computers in September and October, but only the types of chips that go into thin laptops and tablets. Quad-core laptop chips (like you'd find in a MacBook Pro), laptop chips with Iris graphics, business-class laptop chips with vPro and desktop chips won't appear until early next year. On the plus side, rumor has it you won't need a new motherboard for Kaby Lake desktop chips. They'll allegedly use the same LGA1151 socket as their Skylake predecessors. Will they appear in the new MacBook Pro? Depends on Apple (and Intel), but there's a decent chance they won't. Apple typically uses the most powerful Intel laptop processors available -- the 28-watt ones with better Intel graphics -- and again, Intel says they won't be ready until early next year. That's not nearly enough time to get them ready for Apple's September 7 event. However, Bloomberg reports that Apple won't refresh the Macs until later this year, and it wouldn't be the first time Intel has given chips to Apple ahead of schedule. And if Apple decides to refresh the MacBook Air -- another Bloomberg rumor -- those thinner Intel laptop chips are now ready. Update, October 27: Apple isn't using them. Everything you need to know about the major MacBook Pro upgrade After 4 plus years we'll finally see an all new MacBook Pro laptop. We could see the Apple Watch 2 and an updated first-gen Apple Watch this year. New iPhone 7 details, plus Apple TV is now looking to be a TV Guide. Yikes. by Brian Tong 5:59 Close Drag Should I wait to buy a new PC or Mac until Kaby Lake is available? It definitely couldn't hurt. It's usually better to get the latest and greatest if you can afford it -- and Kaby Lake definitely sounds better if you watch 4K video. But as I've outlined above, most PCs probably won't get a big boost to performance or battery life with Kaby Lake silicon. The real reason to wait: you'll almost certainly find some excellent discounts on Skylake computers once Kaby Lake hits the market. What about AMD's Zen? The Intel rival's new built-from-the-ground-up chips sound promising, but you won't be able to drop one into a desktop till 2017. AMD's new laptop chips will take even longer -- expect them in the second half of next year. How will I tell Kaby Lake apart from previous processors when I'm computer shopping? In one important way, Intel's making it easier than ever before: it'll say "7th gen" right on the familiar Intel sticker you'll find on the palmrest of a new laptop. It's a change we've been asking for. Enlarge Image The new "7th-gen" Intel Core branding scheme. Photo by Intel Unfortunately, Intel also made another change that could prove even more confusing. Ever heard of Core M, Intel's line of ultra-low-power 4.5-watt processors for incredibly thin, fanless PCs? As of now, the company's Core m5 and Core m7 processors are part of the Core i5 and Core i7 family, respectively. That means if you purchase a laptop with a "Core i7" label, it may not offer nearly the same sustained performance as a Core i7 machine from last year. Of course, a thin laptop's Core i7 chip already wasn't as powerful as a thick laptop's Core i7 chip, and neither were as powerful as a Core i7 desktop chip, so perhaps we're just continuing that trend. These days, it's really the size of your PC that indicates its potential performance. Besides, you can still tell the M chips apart if you look at the full model number. If you see a Y (e.g. Core i7-7Y75), it's one of the lower-performance processors. I like specs and codenames. Which processors are actually being announced today? Only six: Intel Core i7-7500U (15W, 2 cores, 4 threads, 2.7GHz base, 3.5GHz turbo) Intel Core i5-7200U (15W, 2 cores, 4 threads, 2.5GHz base, 3.1GHz turbo) Intel Core i3-7100U (15W, 2 cores, 4 threads, 2.4GHz, no turbo) Intel Core i7-7Y75 (4.5W, 2 cores, 4 threads, 1.3GHz base, 3.6GHz turbo) Intel Core i5-7Y54 (4.5W, 2 cores, 4 threads, 1.2GHz base, 3.2GHz turbo) Intel Core m3-7Y30 (4.5W, 2 cores, 4 threads, 1.0GHz base, 2.6GHz turbo) Is Moore's Law dead? How could you possibly suggest such a thing? We're simply waiting for the clock's second hand to remember how to tick. Share your voice 0 comments Join the conversation Tags Laptops Processors Intel Related Stories Xbox One S lowest price ever for Microsoft Black Friday deals eBay Black Friday and Cyber Monday deals loaded with laptops, TVs and drones Velocity Micro early Black Friday deals on PC gaming desktops and laptops Best laptops of 2016 Close   Discuss: Why Intel's new Kaby Lake processors won't... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Pokemon Go tracking finally goes live and actually works CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Featured Story: 10 Virtual Reality Apps to Get You Started with Google Cardboard Virtual Reality News: Bringing the impossible worlds of our imagination to life. — Next Reality News: Windows Holographic Is Coming to Intel's Project Alloy Cord-Cutting Headset Adam Dachis 3 months ago Windows Holographic Is Coming to Intel's Project Alloy Cord-Cutting Headset Most popular virtual reality headsets, like the HTC Vive and Oculus Rift, require a tethered connection to the computer and that imposes some obvious restrictions on how much we can move in our space. We'd all prefer a simpler, untethered option, and Intel wants to provide just that. Don't Miss: Idealens Standalone Headset Makes VR Mobile Without a Phone Utilizing Windows 10 and Windows Holographic as its primary operating environment, Intel's Project Alloy will be one of the first VR headsets to cut the cord: Operate without pesky cords dangling from your VR headset connecting to the computer. The computing power is located in the Alloy Head-Mounted Device (HMD), which allows the user to experience VR untethered. That means you can 'cut the VR cord,' allowing a free range of motion with 6 degrees-of-freedom across a large space. This, combined with collision detection and avoidance, enables the user to utilize physical movement to explore a virtual space. — Intel With falling demand for standard computer processors, Intel's main source of revenue will continue to decline if they don't move into other markets. Virtual reality offers that opportunity, but they need to provide a technological foundation that can compete with existing devices. How Project Alloy intends to do that isn't entirely clear, as the actual hardware could just serve as a reference design. Intel may sell relevant components in the system or the hardware almost entirely pre-built. Project Alloy is a platform paired with Windows, so Intel stands to gain the most by providing third-party manufacturers with a range of options. Intel’s Craig Raymond displays the Project Alloy virtual reality headset during the Day 1 keynote at the 2016 Intel Developer Forum in San Francisco on Tuesday, Aug. 16, 2016. Image via Intel We also don't know much about what the hardware can do, but Intel has expressed that all Project Alloy headsets won't require cables or external sensors. It can function all on its own, interpreting the environment around it using integrated sensors and cameras similar to the HoloLens. With the Idealens already offering a standalone VR option on top of Google's Android, Intel needs to provide something a bit more robust—especially when they don't anticipate any Project Alloy products hitting the market until 2017. Nevertheless, it's exciting to see companies cutting the cord already. Virtual reality tech already offers a wonderfully compelling experience, but you don't want to worry about tripping over cables in the real world when you're immersed in the digital one. Follow NextReality on Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube Follow WonderHowTo on Facebook, Twitter, and Google+ Cover image by Intel Related News: Windows Holographic Lands in Windows 10 Insider Build 14971 News: Microsoft's Windows Holographic Is Breaking Free from the HoloLens News: New Windows 10 Creators Update Bridges the Divide Between Physical Objects & the Digital Environment of Mixed Reality News: The HoloLens Lets You Watch TV in a Whole New Way Exclusive: Meta's Ryan Pamplin on the Meta 2 Headset & the Future of Mixed Reality News: This App Streams Custom Holograms from a Computer to the HoloLens News: Magic Leap Will Bring Star Wars to Mixed Reality News: What's the Difference Between HoloLens, Meta & Magic Leap? News: Windows 10 Will Be a Free Upgrade with "Windows Holographic" on the Horizon How To: Iterate Faster Inside Unity Using Holographic Emulation News: This Smart App Makes HoloLens Room Scanning a Game All on Its Own How To: Use Your Xbox 360 Headset with Your Xbox One Controller News: Magic Leap's Mysterious Mixed Reality Headset Might Cover Your Entire Face News: The Hollagram Selfie Booth Shows How Close We Are to Functional Holograms News: Meta's Latest Mixed Reality Headset Sets a High Bar News: The Perceptoscope Brings Mixed Reality to Any Location News: The HoloLens Might Have a Small Field of View, but That's Actually a Good Thing News: Finally, a Tangle-Less USB Cord You Can Store in Your Wallet HoloLens Dev 101: How to Get Started Creating for Windows Holographic News: Vuforia Brings a Discoverable Holographic World to the HoloLens News: Would You Buy This $89 Mannequin Head to Store a VR or AR Headset On? News: Complex Hand-Tracking Is the Key to Better Mixed Reality Interfaces News: The Crazy Process Behind the HoloLens Optics That Make Mixed Reality Possible HoloLens Dev 101: How to Install & Set Up the Software to Start Developing for Windows Holographic News: The HoloLens Can Now Wirelessly Use a PC's CPU & GPU for Faster Development Cycles News: Life-Sized Mannequin Holograms Make Clothing Design Easy News: When the Web Exists in 3D Space, What Happens to the Browser? News: VLC Lands on the Microsoft HoloLens with Special New Features News: If You're Curious About Creating Software for Augmented & Mixed Reality, Start Here News: Stimulant's HoloLens App Helps Navigate Inside Buildings News: Bioimplants Will Bring Augmented Reality Straight to Your Brain News: What We Know About Magic Leap's Amazing Tech So Far News: The Manus VR Gloves Bring Full Hand Tracking into the Virtual World News: Augmented Reality Turns Rock Climbing into a Real-World Video Game News: McDonald's Is Making Happy Meal Boxes That Transform into VR Headsets News: With HoloLens Your Gaze Is Your Mouse How To: Replace a door or window screen News: The Largest 3D Holographic Movie Poster News: Concept App HoloTwin Uses Holograms to Control Real World Objects News: A Theory of Holographic Music Synthesis Be the First to Comment Share Your Thoughts You Login to Comment Click to share your thoughts Hot Latest News: Windows Holographic Is Coming to Intel's Project Alloy Cord-Cutting Headset Hands-on: Google's Daydream View Feels Like a Hot & Stiff Pair of Sweatpants on Your Face News: I Entered THE VOID & Its Incredibly Immersive Approach to VR Blew Me Away News: Adam Cosco's Short Film 'KNIVES' Ups the Ante on Virtual Reality Moviemaking News: Google's Daydream SDK Is Available Now—Here's How to Try It Out News: The Incredible VR Painting Experience Tilt Brush Adds Greater Control, 3D Models & a Word Game News: AltspaceVR's Democracy Plaza Puts You in the Middle of the 2016 Election News: A New Project Lets Scientists Strap on a Vive & Walk Right into a Cancer Cell News: Play Games & Share Live Experiences in Virtual Worlds with AltspaceVR News: Apple Just Patented This Silly Sunglasses-Lookin' VR Headset for the iPhone News: Get Trippy on the Vive with OmniPudding's Cube-Based Particle Simulator News: Leap Motion's Interaction Engine Brings Natural Gestures into Virtual Worlds News: Google's Daydream May Materialize in Just Two Weeks News: Microsoft Windows Gets the Virtual Reality Treatment with Envelop VR News: Virtual Reality Will Change How We Experience Music News: Valve Opens the Gates for Third-Party HTC Vive Controllers News: Idealens Standalone Headset Makes VR Mobile Without a Phone News: Google Chrome Is Nearly Ready to Become Your Virtual Reality Browser News: Boring (Yet Mesmerizing) VR Experiences Could Calm Anxiety & Reduce Pain News: The Manus VR Gloves Bring Full Hand Tracking into the Virtual World All Features News: Windows Holographic Is Coming to Intel's Project Alloy Cord-Cutting Headset How To: 10 Virtual Reality Apps to Get You Started with Google Cardboard Hands-on: Google's Daydream View Feels Like a Hot & Stiff Pair of Sweatpants on Your Face News: Apple Just Patented This Silly Sunglasses-Lookin' VR Headset for the iPhone News: I Entered THE VOID & Its Incredibly Immersive Approach to VR Blew Me Away News: Interactive 360-Degree Videos Are Now Live on YouTube News: The Manus VR Gloves Bring Full Hand Tracking into the Virtual World News: Valve Opens the Gates for Third-Party HTC Vive Controllers News: Adam Cosco's Short Film 'KNIVES' Ups the Ante on Virtual Reality Moviemaking News: Microsoft Windows Gets the Virtual Reality Treatment with Envelop VR How To: Use the Wii Remote for Head-Tracking & VR News: Google Chrome Is Nearly Ready to Become Your Virtual Reality Browser News: VR in the OR—Watch Live Surgery on April 14th in 360 Degrees News: Google's Daydream SDK Is Available Now—Here's How to Try It Out News: Virtual Reality Will Change How We Experience Music News: Oculus Demos Minecraft for Gear VR, Complete with a Side of Nausea News: A New Project Lets Scientists Strap on a Vive & Walk Right into a Cancer Cell News: CyberPong Updates the Classic Game for VR on the Vive News: The Oculus Rift Is Finally Out—Here Are Its Biggest Downsides News: This Accessory Lets You Control Almost Any VR Headset with Gestures News: Fly with Superman Thanks to This Integrative Roller Coaster Experience All Hot Posts © 2016 WonderHowTo, Inc Sections Virtual Reality News How-Tos News Virtual Reality News News Forum Virtual Reality News Forum Virtual Reality News Virtual Reality News Home HTC Vive Mobile VR News Oculus Rift Next Reality Sites Next Reality Home Augmented Reality News Mobile AR News Mixed Reality News HoloLens Magic Leap Meta 2 Google Glass Virtual Reality News HTC Vive Mobile VR News Oculus Rift Featured Sites WonderHowTo Home Food Hacks Daily Next Reality Gadget Hacks Null Byte The Secret Yumiverse MacGyverisms Lock Picking Mad Science Mind Hacks Next Reality Sites Next Reality Home Augmented Reality News Mobile AR News Mixed Reality News HoloLens Magic Leap Meta 2 Google Glass Virtual Reality News HTC Vive Mobile VR News Oculus Rift Gadget Hacks Sites Gadget Hacks Home Android Gadget Hacks HTC One Samsung Galaxy S5 Nexus Samsung Galaxy S3 Samsung GS4 Nexus 7 Samsung Galaxy Note 2 Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 LG G3 Amazon Fire OnePlus Samsung Galaxy S7 Galaxy Note 4 iOS Gadget Hacks Smartphones Hacks, Mods & Circuitry Digiwonk Internet Mac Tips Windows Tips Cord Cutters Tablets Tech Pr0n Featured on Next RealityWin $430K for Your HoloLens Concept App in the US Dept. of Education's EdSim Challenge
GoodGearGuide TwitterFacebookGoogle+Log In Phones & Tablets Smartphones Tablets & eBook readers Apps Broadband Computers Laptops/Notebooks Desktop PCs Monitors PC Components Networking Printers & Imaging Servers & Storage Software & services Security Gadgets Gadgets Home GPS & Car Tech MP3 Players Headphones Wearables Business Centre Business Centre Home Mobility & Wireless Networking Office Hardware Security Servers & Storage Whitepapers Home Entertainment Home Entertainment TVs Projectors Games Cameras Digital Cameras Digital Video Action Cameras Mirrorless Cameras Cars Shop Good Gear Guide > News > Intel doubles down on Project Alloy as the savior ... Intel doubles down on Project Alloy as the savior of the PC The jury's still out on whether anyone's going to buy Intel's VR vision, though. Mark Hachman (PC World (US online)) on 17 August, 2016 20:00 0 - - - - print email Your PC is bored. Your smartphone is, too. While you’re reading this story, your digital device is twiddling its thumbs, waiting for you to do something. When a smartphone can offer enough computing power for most tasks without breaking a sweat, you can understand why PC sales are tanking—and why Intel’s so enamored with virtual reality. Intel announced the Project Alloy virtual-reality headset on Tuesday at its Intel Developer Forum, as well as the next-generation Kaby Lake microprocessor. Kaby Lake PCs are scheduled to ship in the fall. Intel executives positioned both announcements in the context of VR: Alloy for consuming VR content, and Kaby Lake for producing it. Intel/IDGNS The Windows 10 Holographic and Intel Project Alloy roadmap. Pinning the PC’s hopes upon VR A few months ago, Intel executives began promoting virtual reality as the leading edge of the PC, especially VR headsets like the Oculus Rift that depend on the PC for their processing power. “Virtual reality is very computationally intensive, and if Intel can create a requirement for more computationally intensive applications, then guess what? That works for them,” said Nathan Brookwood, principal at Insight64, an microprocessor analyst firm. Microsoft/IDGNS Microsoft’s Hololens is demonstrated at the company’s Worldwide Partner Conference in Toronto in July 2016. An update to Windows 10 in mid-2017 will bring Holographic and Windows 10 closer together. Intel expects the worlds of virtual reality—the Oculus Rift—and augmented reality—the HoloLens—will eventually merge. That’s what Intel’s latest project, Project Alloy embodies: a device that primarily projects a virtual reality environment around the user, but incorporates aspects of augmented reality, too. Alloy uses a pair of RealSense cameras to “see” physical objects like a user’s hand, and project them into the virtual space. “We think this is going to be big,” Krzanich said during his IDF keynote Tuesday. “It’s so different than anything else that’s out there right now.” Beginning in the middle of 2017, Intel plans to open-source the Alloy hardware, so any of its traditional hardware partners can jump on the Alloy bandwagon. Alloy runs on Windows Holographic, the Microsoft operating system that powers its HoloLens. Also midway through 2017, Microsoft plans a free upgrade to Windows 10 that will allow Windows Holographic devices to interact with the millions of Windows 10 PCs already in the market. It’s easy to imagine what both Intel and Microsoft hope will happen next: Devices like Project Alloy become the next big thing, selling millions of PCs with Intel microprocessors and Windows 10 licenses. Alloy and its cousins will become PCs you can strap to your face. It almost sounds like Project Alloy could be Intel’s version of the Microsoft Surface—a game-changing product that could lead the way into an entirely new category of products. But it’s still not clear whether Alloy represents a product unto itself, or just a reference design that the company will provide to its partners. Jon Peddie Research For now, Intel is in the “other” category until we better know what Intel’s plans are, Jon Peddie of JPR said in an email. An uncertain future If this all sounds like a desperate attempt to latch on to the latest trend—well, you’re not alone. Unit sales of VR devices aren’t expected to take off until 2018 or so, if that, according to Jon Peddie Research. And it’s not clear what will drive the technology industry until then. In fact, we actually have a better idea of what will drive the technology industry after VR devices: self-driving cars. BMW executives appeared onstage to reveal their plans to ship cars that allow a driver to take his or her eyes of the road by 2020 or 2021. Also on Tuesday (but separate from IDF), Ford announced plans to build fully self-driving cars in the same timeframe. Melissa Riofrio Ford plans to triple its fleet of autonomous research vehicles in 2016, and triple it again in 2017, on its way to mass production of self-driving cars by 2021. As Insight 64’s Brookwood noted, the amount of silicon and intelligence a self-driving car requires vastly outweighs what today’s automobiles require. Products that require sophisticated processors to crunch massive amounts of data provide opportunity to raise Intel’s profile once again. The bottom line, though, is that a self-driving car sells itself. Virtual reality? Merged reality? The jury’s still out. There is hope, though. Kathleen Maher, an analyst with JPR, said the ramifications of virtual reality in the workplace and the home aren’t yet fully understood. “It’s been a big wake-up call for me, that virtual reality replaces the abstractions we’ve been using, like pages and text,” she said. “That’s a really long-term view, but Intel has to be thinking of the long term.” Brand Post Competition: Win a Lexar® JumpDrive® S57 USB 3.0 flash drive (64GB) valued at $134.95 More from Lexar Join the Good Gear Guide newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags OculusVRintel Our Back to Business guide highlights the best products for you to boost your productivity at home, on the road, at the office, or in the classroom. Keep up with the latest tech news, reviews and previews by subscribing to the Good Gear Guide newsletter. Mark Hachman PC World (US online) Tweet Print this article Email this article Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Broadband Speed Test Cool Tech 360Fly 4K Camera Learn more > GS63VR Stealth Pro Learn more > Nighthawk X10 Learn more > Crucial Ballistix Elite 32GB Kit (4 x 8GB) DDR4-3000 UDIMM Learn more > Garmin fenix Chronos Learn more > Gadgets & Things Lexar® Professional 1000x microSDHC™/microSDXC™ UHS-II cards Learn more > Crucial® MX300 Solid State Drive Learn more > Arlo Smart Home Security Cameras Learn more > Ehang 184 Learn more > Google Daydream View Learn more > Family Friendly Orbi WiFi System Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® S57 USB 3.0 flash drive  Learn more > VR ONE 6RE-013AU Learn more > Parrot Mambo Drone Learn more > Google Pixel XL Learn more > Stocking Stuffer Clamcase for iPad Pro 9.7-inch Learn more > Plox Star Wars Death Star Levitating Bluetooth Speaker Learn more > Brother PocketJet Printer Learn more > 3SIXT HD Sports Action Camera Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® C20i flash drive  Learn more > Christmas Gift Guide Click for more › Most Popular Reviews 1 ​Fetch TV Mighty review: Better than Foxtel 2 ​Fetch TV Mini review: Make your TV a smart TV 3 ​Panasonic DX900U UHD 4K smart TV review: Best all-round TV ever? 4 ​Parrot Mambo Drone review 5 ​Evapolar USB air conditioner review Latest News Articles ​Top 10 best Android and Apple smartphones for under $700 ​Kingston 256GB MicroSD XC card review This may be the most expensive 'free' computer you've ever seen You'll be able to stream Xbox One games on the Oculus Rift in December Facebook's latest experiment: Helping you find free Wi-Fi hotspots Resources Business Centre The latest business news, reviews, features and whitepapers Online Shop Visit our shop for the best deals on hot products Videos Watch our video news and reviews from around the world Guides Comprehensive buying guides, features, and step-by-step articles GGG Evaluation Team Kathy Cassidy STYLISTIC Q702 First impression on unpacking the Q702 test unit was the solid feel and clean, minimalist styling. Anthony Grifoni STYLISTIC Q572 For work use, Microsoft Word and Excel programs pre-installed on the device are adequate for preparing short documents. Steph Mundell LIFEBOOK UH574 The Fujitsu LifeBook UH574 allowed for great mobility without being obnoxiously heavy or clunky. Its twelve hours of battery life did not disappoint. Andrew Mitsi STYLISTIC Q702 The screen was particularly good. It is bright and visible from most angles, however heat is an issue, particularly around the Windows button on the front, and on the back where the battery housing is located. Simon Harriott STYLISTIC Q702 My first impression after unboxing the Q702 is that it is a nice looking unit. Styling is somewhat minimalist but very effective. The tablet part, once detached, has a nice weight, and no buttons or switches are located in awkward or intrusive positions. Good Gear Guide Evaluation Team Featured Content ​Google Daydream View VR full, in-depth review A 5 Minute Chat With Major Nelson 100 Best things at PAX Australia 2016 so far Which flagship TV is best? Sony 4K HDR Bravia 2016 versus LG 4K HDR OLED 2016 10 Blu-ray movies / Best looking Blu-ray movies Latest Jobs Latest Jobs CCCyber Security Analyst - TelcoVIC FTInfrastructure Solutions EngineerVIC TPSenior Software EngineerQLD CCWeb Analytics Specialist | 6 month contractNSW FTSenior System EngineerWA CCIngres DeveloperQLD CCSoftware TesterACT CCJunior SQL DBAVIC FTBusiness Intelligence Technical AnalystVIC FTBusiness Process AnalystNSW FTJava Full Stack DeveloerQLD FTSenior Systems EngineerNSW FT.Net DeveloperNSW CCSenior Developer : Mainframe (Perth Based)QLD FTService Lifecycle Management RepresentativeVIC CCRed Hat Linux SpecialistNSW TPProjects Planning ManagerQLD CCSenior Integration DeveloperOther CCProject Manager - Mobility - TelcoVIC FTImplementation and Deployment SpecialistNSW FTBusiness Development Manager | Digital MarketNSW TPAnalyst Work Place SupportVIC CCSecurity Consultant (Perth CBD based)SA CCConsumer Social Specialist (Digital)VIC TP.NET Developer (Sitecore)QLD Back to top • Home Share this article: Twitter Facebook Google+ Log In Don’t have an account? Sign up here Product Categories Broadband Desktop PCs Digital Cameras Digital Video Gadgets Games GPS & Car Entertainment Headphones Home Appliances Home Entertainment Mobile Phones Monitors MP3 Players Networking Notebooks PC Components Printers & Scanners Projectors Security Servers & Storage Software & Services TVs Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. Copyright 2013 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Disclaimer Popular IDG articles Senator asks FTC to investigate Office Depot PC tech practices computerworld.com.au NTP fixes denial-of-service flaws cso.com.au How to work with millennials cio.com.au Microsoft ISV launches Azure-powered intelligence for mining industry arnnet.com.au Telstra's Kingsmill takes up new post at Virgin Australia cmo.com.au Contact Us Advertise with us Editorial Contacts With over 25 years of brand awareness and credibility, Good Gear Guide (formerly PC World Australia), consistently delivers editorial excellence through award-winning content and trusted product reviews. Username Password Don't have an account? Sign up now Forgot password?
Top News National City Islamabad Karachi Lahore Muzaffarabad Opinion Editorial Articles Voice of People Contributors Zahid Malik M Ziauddin Masood Khan Gen (R) Mirza Aslam Beg Bipin Dani Gen (R) Mirza Aslam Beg Khalid Saleem Kuldip Nayar M D Nalapat M Ziauddin Masood Khan Robert Clements Salahuddin Haider Sultan M Hali The Spirit Of Islam Zahid Malik Sultan M Hali Khalid Saleem M D Nalapat Kuldip Nayar Bipin Dani Salahuddin Haider Robert Clements Business Economy Watch Islamic Banking & Finance Sports World Health e-paper Social Diary Search Home Contact Us LOG IN Welcome! Log into your account Forgot your password? Recover your password Pakistan Observer Top News National City Islamabad Karachi Lahore Muzaffarabad Opinion Editorial Articles Voice of People Contributors Zahid Malik M Ziauddin Masood Khan Gen (R) Mirza Aslam Beg AllBipin DaniGen (R) Mirza Aslam BegKhalid SaleemKuldip NayarM D NalapatM ZiauddinMasood KhanRobert ClementsSalahuddin HaiderSultan M HaliThe Spirit Of IslamZahid Malik Robert Clements Real giving..! Articles The roots of S Korea’s corruption culture Articles Terrorism in Pakistan: Root causes Articles NSG & strategic stability in S Asia Sultan M Hali Khalid Saleem M D Nalapat Kuldip Nayar Bipin Dani Salahuddin Haider Robert Clements Business Economy Watch Islamic Banking & Finance Sports World Health e-paper Social Diary Home Economy Watch BMW, Intel, Mobileye to make self-driving vehicles by 2021 Economy Watch BMW, Intel, Mobileye to make self-driving vehicles by 2021 By Webmaster - July 5, 2016 0 904 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Staff Reporter Islamabad—BMW Group, Intel, and Mobileye are joining forces to make self-driving vehicles and future mobility concepts become a reality. The three leaders from the automotive, technology and computer vision and machine learning industries are collaborating to bring solutions for highly and fully automated driving into series production by 2021. The future of automated driving promises to change lives and societies for the better. But the path to get to a fully autonomous world is complex and will require end-to-end solutions that integrate intelligence across the network, from door locks to the data center. Transportation providers of the future must harness rapidly evolving technologies, collaborate with totally new partners, and prepare for disruptive opportunities. Together with Intel and Mobileye, the BMW Group will develop the necessary solutions and innovative systems for highly and fully automated driving to bring these technologies into series production by 2021. The BMW iNEXT model will be the foundation for BMW Group’s autonomous driving strategy and set the basis for fleets of fully autonomous vehicles, not only on highways but also in urban environments for the purpose of automated ridesharing solutions. BMW Group, Intel and Mobileye are convinced that automated driving technologies will make travel safer and easier. The goal of the collaboration is to develop future-proofed solutions that enable the drivers to not only take their hands off the steering wheel, but reach the so called “eyes off” (level 3) and ultimately the “mind off” (level 4) level transforming the driver’s in-car time into leisure or work time. This level of autonomy would enable the vehicle, on a technical level, to achieve the final stage of traveling “driver off” (level 5) without a human driver inside. This establishes the opportunity for self-driving fleets by 2021 and lays the foundation for entirely new business models in a connected, mobile world. On July 1, 2016, the three partners were present at the BMW Group Headquarters in Munich to express their commitment to strive for an industry standard and define an open platform for autonomous driving. The common platform will address level 3 to level 5 automated driving and will be made available to multiple car vendors and other industries that could benefit from autonomous machines and deep machine learning. The companies have agreed to a set of deliverables and milestones to deliver fully autonomous cars based on common reference architecture. Near term, the companies will demonstrate an autonomous test drive with a highly automated driving (HAD) prototype. In 2017 the platform will extend to fleets with extended autonomous test drives. “Today marks an important milestone for the automotive industry as we enter a world of new mobility. Together with BMW Group and Intel, Mobileye is laying the groundwork for the technology of future mobility that enables fully autonomous driving to become a reality within the next few years,” said Mobileye Co-Founder, Chairman and CTO Professor Amnon Shashua. Share this: Print Email Tweet Related SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articlePakistan, KSA economic cooperation increasing Next articleBrexit affects us all in many ways: IPR Webmaster RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Economy Watch Dar directs implementation of Ease of Doing Business Reform Strategy 2016 Economy Watch E-Commerce potential in Pakistan economy Economy Watch KSE-100 gains 192 points amid improved volumes Digital Newspaper Social Diary 46th National Day of Sultanate of Oman Management Founder: Zahid Malik Editor: Faisal Zahid Malik Executive Editor: Gauhar Zahid Malik Editor Social Diary: Sadia Zahid Malik E-Mail : socialdiarymag@gmail.com magazinesocialdiary@hotmail.com Resident Editor Lahore: ..... E-Mail: obslhr@pakobserver.net Resident Editor Peshawar: Tariq Saeed E-Mail: obspwr@pakobserver.net Group Director Marketing: Khurram Jaffrani E-Mail: khurram_jaffrani@hotmail.com Online Edition : Q Malik / Ch Imran Zafar E-Mail: webmaster@pakobserver.net Contact Us Islamabad: 051-2852027, 051-2852028 E-Mail : observer@pakobserver.net Karachi: 021-35308446-49 E-Mail : obskhi@pakobserver.net Lahore: 042-36306666, 36303333 E-Mail : obslhr@pakobserver.net ABOUT USHead Office Address: Daily Pakistan Observer, Ali AKbar House , Markez G-8, Islamabad Contact us: observer@pakobserver.net FOLLOW US Home Health Voice of People © Copy Rights Reserved . Daily Pakistan Observer MORE STORIES Senate body terms Automotive Policy as inclined towards importers April 27, 2016 Pak-US private sector vital to boost bilateral trade September 18, 2016 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Business More News Features Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger Patrick Norton More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best Of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Computing > Speedy new Intel Atom processors might not not be… Speedy new Intel Atom processors might not not be used in consumer devices By Kevin Parrish — August 17, 2016 2:06 PM Subscribe to this topic Intel Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends During Intel’s developer forum gathering in San Francisco this week, the company revealed the availability of its tiny Intel Joule platform that’s essentially a rival to the Raspberry Pi 3 board for developing all kinds of neat applications. This new Intel board is provided in two variations: the Joule 570x packed with a quad-core Intel Atom T5700 “Broxton-M” processor, and the Joule 550x with a quad-core Atom T5500 chip. According to Intel, these two processors promise up to 50-percent better performance than the previous “Cherry Trail” generation. However, consumers likely won’t see these chips in smartphones, tablets, laptops, and other popular computing platforms given that Intel is moving to use its “Apollo Lake”-based Celeron and Pentium processors in mobile devices instead. During one of the IDF 2016 sessions provided to developers, the company compared the T5700/T5500 chips to the Atom Z34xx, showing up to 10 times better application performance in the newer processors. The company also compared them to the Atom x5-Z8500, revealing slightly better performance in games using DirectX 9 and OpenGL ES 2.0, better single-thread performance in integer compute intensive applications, and better throughput with multiple threads in the same applications. According to one of the slides, the Atom T5700 processor includes four “Goldmont” cores, a Gen9 Low Power graphics component, an image processing unit, an audio processor, and a security processor. The chip can support up to six cameras, Wireless AC and Bluetooth 4.1 FMR connectivity, Intel’s RealSense Camera ZR300 for developers, LPDDR4 memory, multi-lane PCI Express bus connections, eMMC 5.0 storage, and more. Related: Look ma, no wires! Intel’s Project Alloy gives VR full freedom of movement In an entirely different session, the company showed that its next-generation Atom chips are based on 14nm process technology. The graphics core is capable of 4K encode and decode, and up to three independent displays: 4K at 60Hz via embedded DisplayPort, or 4K at 60Hz through DisplayPort and HDMI. Both chips support Windows 10, Windows 10 IoT Core, Linux, VxWorks, and Android. That all said, Intel said in its original Joule announcement that the Atom T5700 chip has a clock speed of 1.7GHz and a burst clock speed of 2.4GHz. The Atom T5500 chip is a bit slower with a base clock speed of 1.5GHz (the burst speed is unknown at the moment). Processors based on Intel’s Goldmont core architecture have thermal envelopes ranging from six to 12 watts. Looking back on the previous Cherry Trail generation of Atom processors, the new versions are a big improvement. Based on Intel’s “Silvermont” core architecture, the older Atom chips include a Gen8 Low Power graphics component, support for LPDDR3 and DDR3L memory at 1,600MHz, display resolutions up to 3,840 by 2,160 at 30Hz through DisplayPort and HDMI, and eMMC 4.51 storage. However, the newer Atom chips demand more power, as the 2015 chips have thermal envelopes ranging between a mere four and six watts. As previously reported, the Joule 570x will come packed with 4GB of LPDDR4 system memory, 16GB of eMMC storage, interfaces for USB 3.0, MPI CSI and MIMO, Wireless AC/Bluetooth 4.1 connectivity, and a Linux-based operating system fine-tuned for IoT and smart devices. The Joule 550x kit has 3GB of LPDDR4 system memory, 8GB of eMMC storage, and the same features (outside the Atom chip) as the other Joule kit. Both support the Intel RealSense cameras and libraries. Finally, we’ve compiled all the Intel slides related to the two new Atom processors from IDF 2016 in a gallery embedded below.
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Thursday, 18 August 2016 | MYT 9:00 AM Intel introduces Project Alloy headset as a bet on virtual reality's future by janko roettgers Virtual push: A filepic of a VR headset. Even though it doesn't actually want to build its own consumer headsets, Intel is throwing its hat in the VR ring because it wants other manufacturers to use its chips, and that's currently far from certain. — AFP Relaxnews LOS ANGELES: Chip giant Intel officially unveiled its very own virtual reality (VR) headset at its developer conference in San Francisco on Aug 16.  However, Project Alloy, as the headset is being called, won't actually compete head-to-head with the Oculus Rift or HTC Vive. Instead, it's meant to be a reference design for other manufacturers – and a long-term bet to keep Intel relevant in the nascent virtual reality space.  Project Alloy is at its core a standalone headset that works without any external computer, and also doesn't require users to plug in their own mobile phones. This sets it apart from both the more expensive Rift-type VR hardware and cheaper mobile VR headsets like Samsung's Gear VR.  In addition to its own computing chips, Alloy also packs a number of camera sensors that make it possible to use one's own hands as controllers. Alloy is also capable of recognising elements of the space around a user, which means that you'll be able to play a game in your living room without inadvertently bumping into your coffee table. Intel has been developing this kind of sensor technology under the RealSense moniker for some time.  However, Intel won't be selling consumers Alloy headsets any time soon. The company is instead looking to open source the Alloy design next year, and allow third parties to build their own headsets based on Intel's reference design.  The company is also collaborating with Microsoft to bring some of its technology to Alloy-based headsets. Earlier this summer, Microsoft announced plans to bring the holographic technology that powers its own HoloLens headset to third-party devices.  So why is Intel throwing its head in the VR ring if it doesn't actually want to build its own consumer headsets? Because it wants other manufacturers to use its chips, and that's currently far from certain.  High-end headsets like the Oculus Rift and HTC Vive are already often powered by Intel, since the company's chips are at the core of many gaming PCs. However, mobile VR headsets like Samsung's Gear VR use phones to do the heavy lifting, and mobile has long been a sore spot for Intel, as most phones are powered by ARM chips.  The future of virtual reality is still very much undecided: Will consumers flock to stationary, more capable but also more expensive headsets? Or will they instead embrace cheaper and less-capable mobile headsets? Google is betting on the latter, and introduced a new Android-based VR platform called Daydream earlier this year. The company has alliances with a series of handset makers, and first Daydream-capable phones are expected to launch later this year.  For Intel, that's a worrying trend. If handset makers dictate the future of VR, then it may find itself once again shut out of a massive opportunity.  By introducing Alloy now, Intel essentially signals hardware makers that it is ready to be a part of the future of virtual reality headsets – even if the first Alloy-based headsets won't ship any time soon. — Reuters You May Be Interested Online harassment affects half of Americans Yew Sin-Ee Yi continue fine run in Hong Kong Pokémon Go: Dittos are hiding in plain sight Fraud in Felda Global Ventures Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Apple issues recall on September, October 2015 iPhone 6S Others Also Read Swiss & affordable M’sia, Thailand to begin talks on Bangkok-KL HSR project - Thai Minister Japan enlists Sailor Moon to promote safe sex advertisement Latest News Philippines money laundering body charges bankers for ignoring cyberheist Google nears tax settlement with Indonesian government: sources The new Vivo V5 takes the selfie crown Self-driving car group urges US regulators to clear road Singapore unveils self-driving scooter, ideal for phone-obsessed walkers Most Viewed in Tech Apple issues recall on September, October 2015 iPhone 6S Viral video will crash your iPhone The new Vivo V5 takes the selfie crown Pokémon Go: Dittos are hiding in plain sight Google nears tax settlement with Indonesian government: sources Self-driving car group urges US regulators to clear road Israeli firm can steal phone data in seconds Singapore unveils self-driving scooter, ideal for phone-obsessed walkers Pokémon Go says thanks and reshuffles CP Watch your self-ie! India tops ranking for selfie deaths Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
null
null
ARN - Australian Reseller News News All News Government Products Round Table yARN 5 for 15 Tech Technologies 3D Printing Apps Cloud Computing Datacentre Mobile Solutions MSP Networking PC and Components Products/Reviews Security Social Networking Storage Software Tech Hive Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Windows 8 Central Markets Green Channel Market Watch Retail Services SMB Market Events Upcoming events View all events Resources Resources ARN Library Microsites Webinars Videos Contacts Brand Posts e-Mags Email the Editor Jobs Media Releases Slideshows Subscribe to print Subscribe online Subscribe to IDG Publications Directories Distributor Directory Find distributors by name | vendor | location Vendor Directory Find vendors by name | category Deals Contact APC Partner Hub Sign in/Subscribe Existing Member Username Password Forgot password? Join ARN Sign up to gain exclusive access to email subscriptions, event invitations, competitions, giveaways, and much more. Sign up now Menu ARN Intel doubles down on 5G strategy Intel doubles down on 5G strategy Vendor targets three 5G focus areas. Hafizah Osman (ARN) 18 August, 2016 11:38 - - - - print email Distributors BMS Technology Dicker Data Impact Systems Technology Ingram Micro Australia Leader Computers Synnex Comments Intel is ramping up its efforts on 5G, outlining three 5G focus areas – the industry partnerships, end-to-end 5G-related hardware and software development (such as Narrow Band IoT), and 5G standards-setting. The company’s next generation and standards organisation 5G business and technology general manager, Rob Topol, said 5G is set to change the way the company operates and how the market responds to connectivity. “We’re very excited about 5G as a company," he said. "We have started research and development on it at a very early stage so that we can build prototypes that demonstrate many different use cases. "5G is going to be something that will be a network change and a wireless change that will be much more than just about smartphones or other mobile devices. "5G will be bringing together the connected requirements with increased needs for compute. As you bring those two together, 5G is going to open up many new use cases, opportunities like automotive or connected homes or industrial automation." According to Topol, in heading down that path, Intel has been working on solutions and early prototypes that demonstrate that. He said it affects the network all the way through to Cloud. “We want to deliver end-to-end requirements on 5G," he added. Intel network platform group wireless access strategy and technology director, Caroline Chan, said Asia-Pacific and Japan poses great opportunity in terms of collaboration in the 5G space. Read more nbn grows customer base, but suffers EBITDA loss “We have been actively involved, from an infrastructure side, in partnerships and research. Going forward, this will be the foundation for the 5G platform,” she said. Topol also said Intel’s goal is not to drive something that’s proprietary but to have a play that spans across multiple technologies and fields. “Our approach is to do this collectively with the channel ecosystem. If you look across the early specifications of taskforces formed, our goal was to be a member of as many of them as possible so we can not only be involved in the early stages of trial but also help drive converged standards.” “Our desire is open-sourced, standard-based product lines That is the best scenario for Intel,” he added. Read more Optus’ operating revenue slips 13 per cent Intel will also be working more collaboratively with spectrum policy and advocacy like governments and operators in the Asia-Pacific region to facilitate the use of 5G. “As we start to lay that groundwork and know what’s best in terms of features that are needed in the marketplace, that’s when we can decide what sort of infrastructure build out to do in these countries,” Topol added. Read More: ​NBN and 5G under scrutiny as spotlight falls on Aussie telco sector Telstra activates another mobile base station ​EDGE 2016: Intel investigates the 'Vortex of Change' impacting the channel Optus boosts mobile coverage in the Northern Territory Intel sheds portion of security business to private equity for $US4.2B Key partners signed as Asus launches new Z range of devices Brand Post Help Your Customers Avoid 39% Print Cost Increases More from Brother Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Join the ARN newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags 5Gintelend-to-end computingTelecommunications Read next UXC Oxygen hooks up with SAP for public sector Hybris Dicker Data and Quest strike A/NZ distribution deal Channel combines as QNAP World Tour hits Aussie shores Channel Deals Transition Systems Australia Tely HD Pro & Wireless Audiopod Read more ARN Distributor Directory Find distributors by name - vendor - location ARN Vendor Directory Find vendors by name - category Slideshows Channel combines as QNAP World Tour hits Aussie shores Network storage vendor QNAP brought its world tour to Australian shores with stops in Sydney and Melbourne. More than 200 distributors, resellers and MSPs were invited to the Australian Partner Appreciation dinner and exclusive solution preview night at Park Hyatt Sydney and Grand Hyatt Melbourne. The events featured presentations on the company’s roadmap for 2017 and partner awards. Photos courtesy of QNAP. Channel combines as QNAP World Tour hits Aussie shores ​Opening the door to data centre change in Australia With a growing appetite for innovation and digital transformation, Australia sits on the cusp of significant disruption in the data centre. But as the channel seeks to keep up, keep innovating and keep growing, where should partners place their bets? This exclusive ARN roundtable challenges tradition and outlines opportunity, assessing where battles will be won and lost as the channel opens the door to data centre change. Photos by Maria Stefina. ​Opening the door to data centre change in Australia NetApp honours leading trans-Tasman partners ​NetApp unveiled the winners of its inaugural Australia and New Zealand Partner Awards at a gala dinner in Sydney. NetApp honours leading trans-Tasman partners iasset.com is a channel management ecosystem that automates all major aspects of the entire sales, marketing and service process, including data tracking, integrated learning, knowledge management and product lifecycle management. Related Whitepapers EMC VSPEX Private Cloud Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Broadcom eyes Brocade acquisition   Copyright 2016 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | Computerworld Australia | CIO Australia | CMO Australia | CSO Online | Techworld | CIO Executive Council Links: Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] | Advertising | Books | Downloads Latest News 05:00AM Donald Trump tells Tim Cook to build iPhones in the USA 06:00AM Microsoft ISV launches Azure-powered intelligence for mining industry 03:59PM Key resellers signed on as Mellanox pushes into enterprise 03:21PM Freshtel to take Field Solutions Group in multimillion-dollar merger More News ​Why Microsoft will thrive and Oracle will struggle to survive in the cloud Data#3 told to pay former employee thousands over discrimination claim 29 Nov Veritas Vibe with Microsoft - Melbourne 01 Dec Veritas Vibe with Microsoft - Webinar 31 May World Business Forum Sydney 2017 View all events Upcoming ARN ICT Industry Awards ARN ICT Industry Awards EDGE 2016 EDGE 2016 Women in ICT Awards Women in ICT Awards Emerging Leaders 2016 Emerging Leaders 2016
CNET Reviews CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Black Friday Cyber Monday Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home CNET Smart Home CNET Smart Apartment Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Black Friday Deals Cyber Monday Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español Click here to open Intel's Project Alloy does VR without pesky wires or controllers Don't get too excited: it's just a reference design for PC partners, and they won't get it till late 2017. Stephen Shankland/CNET Intel's Project Alloy does VR without pesky wires or controllers 0 Wearable Tech by Sean Hollister August 16, 2016 9:54 AM PDT @starfire2258 Up Next Pokemon Go tracking finally goes live and actually works Intel's Project Alloy headset cuts the cord This VR headset lets you navigate the virtual world fully untethered. Two depth-sensing cameras also track elements from the real world -- like your hands -- in VR. by Lexy Savvides 1:12 Close Drag The best virtual reality can be a pain to set up. You need a pricey PC, a fancy headset and great motion controllers, and you'll still be tethered by a cord. But Intel's Project Alloy wants to throw those limitations out the window. Intel CEO Brian Krzanich kicked off his Intel Developer Forum (IDF) on Tuesday with a bold claim: "Merged reality will be one of those fundamental shifts that's going to redefine how we work, how we're entertained, and how we communicate." What's "merged reality," you ask? It seems to be an Intel term to describe a VR experience that uses depth-sensing cameras to bring elements of the real world into a completely cordless VR headset. 27 Inside Project Alloy, Intel's wireless VR headset Project Alloy is the prototype version of that headset, and it already seems to work at a very basic level. In a demo on the IDF stage, the company showed how users could walk around a rudimentary virtual space and interact with objects using their own hands. Enlarge Image Photo by Intel While the presenter struggled a bit, the headset's integrated Intel RealSense cameras let him bend each of his fingers in virtual reality, push a lever, and use a real-world dollar bill to carve a virtual golden statue spinning on a virtual pottery wheel. Rival cordless headsets like Microsoft's HoloLens and the Meta 2 are still struggling to track your hands, so the demo seemed reasonably impressive. Don't get too excited, though. Intel doesn't plan to actually produce a consumer VR headset. As usual, the chipmaker is trying to sell these technologies to partners, and it could be quite a while before they do. Intel says even partners will have to wait for the Project Alloy headset until the second half of 2017. Besides, there's a reason why the best VR headsets still have tethers today: it takes an awful lot of CPU and GPU power to make a virtual world feel real. Intel didn't offer a price or specifically name any partners for Project Alloy. (If you think "Merged Reality" sounds a lot like Microsoft's "Mixed Reality" or Magic Leap's "Cinematic Reality," or even just plain ol' augmented reality, you're not alone. -- read about the differences here -- but Intel CEO also has a whole blog post about what he believes "merged reality" should mean.) Share your voice 0 comments Join the conversation Tags Wearable Tech Virtual Reality Augmented reality Related Stories Samsung Gear S3 first impressions: a bigger, bolder smartwatch, but few apps Top Black Friday deals for fitness tech fanatics ​Black Friday for VR things on your face Best wearable tech of 2016 Close   Discuss: Intel's Project Alloy does VR without pesky... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Pokemon Go tracking finally goes live and actually works CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Sign in or Register   PCs & Laptops Value Desktops High End Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-one Desktops Value Laptops High End Laptops Gaming Laptops Ultraportable Laptops Misc PCs & Laptops Dell Store   Peripherals Monitors Printers Storage Keyboards & Mice Misc Peripherals Networking   Handhelds Budget Smartphones High-End Smartphones Tablets eReaders Wearables Misc Handhelds   Software Security Operating Systems Backup Office Suite Web Development Audio Video Photo Apps Misc Software   Components CPUs Motherboards Graphics Cards Storage Cases Power Supply Units Misc Components   Gadgets Photography & Video Home Theatre GPS Audio Virtual/Augmented reality Misc Gadgets     Hyper PixelCast   Forums Back Issues Search News • Reviews • Features • Galleries • A-List • Group Tests • Downloads • How To • Buy • Software Store Mobile Plans Broadband Plans Atomic Forums Upgrade Australia Home  »  Gadgets  »  Virtual/Augmented reality  »  News Intel announces a 'mixed reality' headset, but who's it actually aimed at? Thursday 18 August 2016  | Comment Now Intel brings real life to virtual worlds, but is it enough to get the company into the VR industry? Intel has unveiled a virtual-reality headset capable of bringing near-field objects into virtual worlds. Dubbed as a “merged reality” device, Intel's Project Alloy sounds like something straight out of a science fiction novel, allowing the wearer to see their hands and other objects in virtual worlds and environments. The question is, who actually wants a VR experience with their hands? Project Alloy works by using Intel's RealSense depth-sensing cameras, the same ones used in Windows 10 laptops and computers for facial recognition systems. These cameras can accurately capture and map a user's hands with the headset and place them into the virtual space. Merging this with a virtual world on the headset's screen, wearers could use their hands to physically interact with their environment. During Project Alloy's unveiling at the Intel Developer Forum in San Francisco, Intel's CEO Brian Krzanich claimed the device would, according to the BBC, “redefine what is possible with computing”. From footage shown on-stage, it's clear that Intel's RealSense camera can pick up low-resolution scans of real-life objects to import into a virtual space. It's also evident that objects are only detected when held close to a user's face. Still, as a Medium post by Krzanich points out, the technology does have advantages over the likes of Oculus Rift or HTC Vive, which require users to install and setup sensors to capture a room for positional tracking. Here, Intel's headset does the heavy lifting itself by using depth-sensing cameras to work out your position within a given space. Working out the kinks Interestingly, Project Alloy is like HoloLens in that it's a completely wireless system. This certainly does have its own advantages, such as never becoming tangled in a wire or being “jolted” out of an experience due to the limitations of a cord. However, by processing everything onboard, Intel's Project Alloy certainly can't replicate the silky smooth experience of a proper VR headset running on a high-end PC. If anything, it'll be something akin to Samsung's Gear VR experiences except with more positional tracking data. It's also hard to imagine exactly what something like Project Alloy would feel like,without controllers. Krzanich explains how Intel sees Alloy working by stating you could “pick up your real-world tennis racket in your living room and step virtually onto the court at Wimbledon… fully lean into practicing your back swing – bringing both your hand and racket into the virtual field of play.” While that approach to play may work for Krzanich and his tennis court-sized living room, I'd honestly have to say that I'm a little nervous about swinging a full-sized tennis racket around my house. Video of Intel Introduces Merged Reality Even if you can bring in real-world elements into a virtual world, it's hard to imagine they'd be pleasingly convincing experiences without haptic feedback. Having used many VR devices, the best experiences out there are from ones that provide a sense of feedback to help immerse you inside a virtual space. That said, Microsoft's HoloLens doesn't make use of a controller except in some specific situations and, if Tim Cook's words are to be taken as gospel, Apple's AR project may also not make use of a physical controller.   Intel isn't looking to actually manufacture Project Alloy itself. Instead, it wants to ensure it doesn't miss out on a vital new market like it did with the rise of the smartphone. Intel plans to sell its Alloy technology to manufacturing partners who can use it to develop their own “mixed reality” products. Currently, nobody has been named as working with Intel on the headset, but Microsoft has stated that Windows 10 will soon support Alloy via an update. While it's still not quite clear who Intel is aiming at with Project Alloy, it'll certainly be interesting to see how the chip manufacturer manages to bring its technology into a still-developing market like VR. This article originally appeared at alphr.com Related Articles Intel's next 200 series chipsets to bring faster storage and more PCIe lanes The Tempest: Human bodies shine through Intel and the RSC's hi-tech spectacle Intel's working on its own augmented reality headset Amidst lawsuit, McAfee aims to innovate as a separate entity Intel's new 600p series NVMe drives get a fantastic price Source: Copyright © Alphr, Dennis Publishing See more about:  headset  |  intel  |  mixed reality   Tweet Email this Print this Feedback   Readers of this article also read...   Gallery: Upgrade Australia 4.0!     No Man's Sky and the destruction of the power fantasy     Review: the HTC Vive is incomparable     No Man's Sky - so far, so... BIG     Ubisoft fails at the internet with boys only gaming survey   More in Virtual/Augmented reality (1 of 10 articles) NEWS Children's book The Amazing Alphabet combines augmented reality with learning << Prev Next >> View all Virtual/Augmented reality articles >> More in Virtual/Augmented reality (2 of 10 articles) NEWS This Vive wireless kit sets you free << Prev Next >> View all Virtual/Augmented reality articles >> More in Virtual/Augmented reality (3 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Google Daydream View virtual reality headset << Prev Next >> View all Virtual/Augmented reality articles >> More in Virtual/Augmented reality (4 of 10 articles) NEWS Virtual reality transports WW2 veteran to French town he helped liberate << Prev Next >> View all Virtual/Augmented reality articles >> More in Virtual/Augmented reality (5 of 10 articles) NEWS How Samsung Gear VR is helping to train doctors to save patients’ lives << Prev Next >> View all Virtual/Augmented reality articles >> More in Virtual/Augmented reality (6 of 10 articles) NEWS Make your Game of Thrones dreams come true with this VR dragon << Prev Next >> View all Virtual/Augmented reality articles >> More in Virtual/Augmented reality (7 of 10 articles) NEWS When it comes to horror in VR, how scary is too scary? << Prev Next >> View all Virtual/Augmented reality articles >> More in Virtual/Augmented reality (8 of 10 articles) NEWS Google's Daydream View VR device to launch next week << Prev Next >> View all Virtual/Augmented reality articles >> More in Virtual/Augmented reality (9 of 10 articles) NEWS Virtual reality will transport you to F1 races - and bring fan excitement back to Formula One << Prev Next >> View all Virtual/Augmented reality articles >> More in Virtual/Augmented reality (10 of 10 articles) NEWS Forget PlayStation VR - it's Microsoft that's going to make virtual reality mainstream << Prev Next >> View all Virtual/Augmented reality articles >> Most Read Most Discussed Powered by Disqus Latest Comments Powered by Disqus Latest in Virtual/Augmented reality News Children's book The Amazing Alphabet combines augmented reality with learning Review Review: Google Daydream View virtual reality headset Feature Head-to-head: Oculus Rift vs Sony PlayStation VR From our Partners     See more offers from the PC & Tech Authority Software Store     Sponsored Links Most popular tech stories 7 accounting packages for Australian small businesses compared: including MYOB, QuickBooks Online, Reckon, Xero How to use Microsoft OneNote to organise your minutes, memos and more How long will a UPS keep your computers on if the lights go out? How do I make sure my email is properly synced between all my computers? Telstra closing 3G: here's how to check if your phone is Next G compatible Veritas partners and customers party in Sydney Ingram Micro toasts 2016 partners ATO ripping out EMC storage and moving to HPE Data breaches at Optus, Telstra, Vodafone face Privacy Commissioner probe Telstra launches smart home-as-a-service Ex-SAI manager took spreadsheets via USB before quitting iiNet complaints skyrocket after TPG takeover AWS rival Alibaba to open Sydney data centre The govt will loan NBN Co $20bn to finish rollout NBN Co moved an FTTN cabinet after users asked to connect Review: Motorsport Manager takes you to the races 20 key tips for succeeding at Rainbow Six Siege 10 advanced tips for Rainbow Six Siege PSA: You can play Red Dead Redemption on PC… kinda 10 essential tips to get you started in Civilization VI About Us  |  Sitemap  |  Newsletter Archive  |  A-List  |  Advice  |  Top 10  |  Mobile Site  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Newsletters  |  Contact Us Atomic MPC  |  BIT  |  CRN Australia  |  iTnews  |  PC PowerPlay  |  SC Magazine Copyright © 2016 nextmedia Pty Ltd. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorisation. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of nextmedia's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Login to PC & Tech Authority Username: * Username required Password: * Password required Remember me  |  Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Register now! To request a new password, please enter the email address linked to your PC & Tech Authority account and we'll send one to you. Email: * Email required * Invalid Email address * Invalid Email address Click here to return to Login Form Become part of PC & Tech Authority Join our site to get stuck in with comments and discussions with other passionate readers and tech fans, and stay up to date with the latest news and reviews through our range of newsletters. Email* * Email address required * Invalid Email address I have read and accept the privacy policy and terms and conditions and by submitting my email address I agree to receive the PC & Tech Authority daily newsletter and receive special offers on behalf of PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia and its valued partners. We will not share your details with third parties. 1) Login Details First Name* * First name req'd Last Name* * Last name req'd Username* * Username required Password* * Password required Confirm Password* * Password confirmation required * Passwords don't match! 2) About You Country* -- Select a Country -- Australia Afghanistan Albania Åland Islands Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Virgin Islands British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Côte d'Ivoire Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon French Southern Territories Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guam Guernsey Guinea Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Hong Kong Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Israel Isle of Man Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Jersey Korea Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Palestinian Territory, Occupied Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Qatar Puerto Rico Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Barthélemy Saint Lucia Saint Kitts & Nevis Saint Martin Saint Pierre & Miquelon Saint Vincent & the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands Soviet Union Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Timor-Leste Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay United States Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Yemen Western Sahara Zambia Zimbabwe World Asia Indochina Europe England Scotland Middle East Asia-Pacific Global Asean * Country req'd State* -- Select -- NSW QLD VIC SA WA ACT NT TAS * State req'd Post Code* * Post Code req'd Birth Year* -- Select -- 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 1916 * Birth year required Employment Role* -- Select Role -- IT Business Owner IT Executive IT Professional IT Entry-level IT Sales Non IT Business Owner Non IT Executive Non IT Professional Non IT Entry-Level Non IT Sales Other If 'Other', enter below: * Role required Company Size* -- Select Size -- 1 - 9 10 - 49 50 - 99 100 - 249 250 - 499 500 - 999 1000 - 2499 2500+ * Company Size required I only want to subscribe to the Daily newsletter I'd also like to subscribe to: Weekly newsletter Atomic, Hyper and Gaming newsletter Gadgets and Stuff newsletter Downloads newsletter Already have an account? Log in here. Processing registration... Please wait. This process can take up to a minute to complete. Please check your email A confirmation email has been sent to your email address - SUPPLIED EMAIL HERE. Please click on the link in the email to verify your email address. You need to verify your email before you can start posting. If you do not receive your confirmation email within the next few minutes, it may be because the email has been captured by a junk mail filter. Please ensure you add the domain @pcauthority.com.au to your white-listed senders. Click here to close this message Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Subscribe About Us Classifieds RSS Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Electrical Marketing Search: Register Log In Username or e-mail: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Hot Topics Ecommerce Green Energy Mergers & Acquisitions People Market Segments Commercial Industrial Residential Utility Product Segments Datacom Industrial Automation Lighting Wire & Cable Industry Segments Association Buying/Marketing Groups Contractors Distributors Independent Reps Manufacturers Service Providers Electrical Economy Industry Stats Stats Electrical Price Index Community Advertisement Home > Blogs > Electrical Marketing's LiveWire > GE Digital Partners with Intel for Spread of Predix GE Digital Partners with Intel for Spread of Predix Aug 17, 2016 by Doug Chandler in Electrical Marketing's LiveWire RSS EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 In what began with a multi-million dollar deal to install GE's cloud-based industrial operating system Predix in Intel's Ocotillo semiconductor manufacturing plant in Arizona, GE and Intel are now planning to work together to bring the benefits of the latest industrial software and sensors to factories all over the world. In a post on the GE Reports website, the company discussed the relationship: "Intel’s ultimate goal is to utilize Predix on top of its own internal software and develop a joint offering with GE to streamline its fab processes around the world. GE will then roll out the solutions to GE’s more than 400 factories globally. The two companies also plan to sell a joint offering to other manufacturers that want to optimize their operations." The vision for the partnership goes beyond even that to incorporate LED lighting from GE Current and sensors based on Intel chips with early applications seen in GE turbine production facilities and Intel's Santa Clara, Calif., headquarters. The goal is to eventually get every industrial company that uses Intel chips — and most of them do — to connect their operations to Predix and start analyzing their operations in greater detail, says Denzil Samuels, Global Head of Channels, Alliances, Business Development and Ventures, GE Digital. “We want to embed Predix on every single Intel device, so that as they sell those devices, they’re selling Predix, and the customer just has to activate it,” Samuels says.   Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Doug Chandler's blog EMAIL Print Halco Lighting Technologies Acquires J&J Electronics Sonepar to Rebrand Hagemeyer-IDG as Vallen Distribution Discuss this Blog Entry 0 Post new comment Name: * Sign In or register to use your Electrical Marketing ID Email: * Your comment: * Related Articles Philips Lighting and Xiaomi partner on smart lighting for China market Study Finds SPAs Spreading in Market   Plumbing and Tool Buying/Marketing Groups Join IMARK in UCAA Cooperative   BOSS Controls Signs IP Group as Channel Partner to Market Plug-Load Control Solution   Toshiba looking for LED luminaire partners? What's Electrical Marketing's LiveWire? Electrical Marketing's LiveWire brings you breaking news, on-the-fly analysis and running commentary about the electrical products marketing channel Contributors Jim Lucy Jim Lucy has been wandering through the electrical market for more than 30 years, most of the time as an editor for Electrical Wholesaling, Electrical Marketing newsletter and CEE News. During that... Doug Chandler Doug Chandler began writing about the electrical industry in 1992, and still finds there's never a shortage of stories to be told. So he spends his days finding them and telling them.... View all Contributors Advertisement Advertisement Blog Archive Advertisement ElectricalMarketing.com Hot Topics Market Segments Product Segments Industry Segments Electrical Economy Industry Stats Community Site Features RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site Electrical Marketing Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Follow Us Twitter RSS Search ElectricalMarketing.com Search: Subscribe to the Newsletter PISCES Electrical Marketing Related Sites EC&M Electrical Jobs Today Electrical Wholesaling Transmission & Distribution World Copyright © 2016 Penton
null
Welcome Log out Login Register ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST LOGIN REGISTER PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables Home> CPUs Menu PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables TRENDING TOPICS Intel SSDs Storage Smartphones Mobile GPUs Samsung NVIDIA CPUs Home> CPUs Intel Announces Knights Mill: A Xeon Phi For Deep Learning by Ryan Smith on August 17, 2016 5:20 PM EST Posted in CPUs Intel HPC GPUs Xeon Phi Machine Learning IDF_2016 Knights Mill 24 Comments | Add A Comment 24 Comments + Add A Comment In a brief announcement as part of today’s Day 2 ketnote for IDF 2016, Intel has announced a new member of the Xeon Phi family. The new part, currently under the codename of Knights Mill, is being aimed at the deep learning market and is scheduled for release in 2017. At this point there are more unknowns than knowns about Knights Mill, in part because Intel has not offered much detail on how it fits into the larger Xeon Phi brand. The company had previously announced in 2014 that the successor to the current Knights Landing design would be Knights Hill, a true 3rd gen Xeon Phi built on Intel’s 10nm process. However this week there has been no mention of Knights Hill, whether Knights Mill is Knights Hill renamed, or what the manufacturing process Knights Mill is being made on. With that said, as Knights Mill is scheduled for 2017, it’s unlikely that it’s Knights Hill (at least as initially planned), as 2017 would be too early for a very large 10nm chip from Intel’s fabs. Announced In 2014 And Currently MIA: Knights Hill Working on the assumption at the moment that Knights Mill is in fact its own part, what we do know is that with it, Intel is making a very clear play for the rapidly growing machine learning market, and indeed this will be its defining characteristic. Among the features/design tweaks for the new processor, Intel is adding what they are calling “variable precision” support.  What that fully entails isn’t clear, but the use of lower precision modes has been a major factor in the development and subsequent high performance of machine learning-focused processors, so it’s likely that this means that Intel is adding FP16 and possibly other lower-precision modes, something the current Knights Landing lacks. As machine learning typically does not require high precision, these lower precision modes potentially allow for a major increase in processor throughput, as more, narrower operations can be packed into a SIMD. Also on the feature list is improved scale-out performance. It’s not clear right now if this is some kind of fabric/interconnect change, or if Intel has something else in mind. But the ultimate goal is to make clusters of Xeon Phi processors perform better, which is an important factor in bringing down the training time of very large and complex datasets. Meanwhile there are also unspecified memory changes for Knights Mill, with Intel touting the chip’s “flexible, high capacity memory.” Competitively, this is a shot across the bow at NVIDIA’s own Tesla products, and in their comments here at IDF and in previous presentations, Intel has not shied away from comparing their tech to GPUs and touting why they believe Xeon Phi to be superior. One such example, though briefly mentioned, is that like Knights Landing, Knights Mill is capable of acting as a host processor. So expect to see Intel promoting the benefits of not needing separate host processors & co-processors, and how Knights Mill can be attached directly to system RAM. This, along with the performance differences between the GPU architectures and Knights Mill, will undoubtedly be a recurring fight between the two companies both now and next year when the new processor actually launches. In the meantime, we’ll keep digging for more information on Knights Mill, and hopefully get a better idea of how it fits into the Xeon Phi family. (Image Courtesy The Register) Tweet PRINT THIS ARTICLE Post Your Comment Please log in or sign up to comment. POST A COMMENT 24 Comments View All Comments DonMiguel85 - Wednesday, August 17, 2016 - link The race to Skynet's birth Reply TristanSDX - Wednesday, August 17, 2016 - link and NV GPU will power T1000 Reply Aspiring Techie - Wednesday, August 17, 2016 - link Only to be destroyed by the Intel powered T850 Reply Vlad_Da_Great - Wednesday, August 17, 2016 - link T1000 was mimetic polyalloy Terminator capable of altering its form and appearance. T850 were more primitive but very sturdy machines. To top the T1000 you will only need to use the T3000 the humanoid nano cyborg. Plus NV cant power T1000. Those dGPU are enormous, you need nano structures. GPU doesnt scale down, but up. Reply djayjp - Thursday, August 18, 2016 - link LOL Reply surt - Saturday, August 20, 2016 - link Pretty sure that's in the past. There are at least one or two sentient computer AI's out there guiding corporate behaviors that otherwise just don't make a lot of sense. Reply gpcpu - Wednesday, August 17, 2016 - link I've been looking forward to this announcement! Go Knight's Mill! Reply tipoo - Wednesday, August 17, 2016 - link Nvidia called them out for the comparison to 4 year old Nvidia products: http://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2016/08/nvidia-inte... Kind of the pot calling...Well, they're both kind of the pot. Reply Yojimbo - Thursday, August 18, 2016 - link Why's that? Has NVIDIA made comparisons to 2-4 year old hardware running on obsolete software? Reply ckbryant - Saturday, August 20, 2016 - link Well NVIDIA has shown off "Demo" cards that had "drywall" screws in them, that were mockups but they told the press that it was a real card....The Press Relations people at NVIDIA aren't to be taken seriously since the SEC states that lying by a company on the stock market, is a pretty serious offense. Especially during times where the CEO have stock trades like lets say the CEO sold a thousand shares the week after he lied, that's a pretty big crime. NVIDIA also has certain modes in software that detect when a benchmark is taking place and clock up higher(since they know its a short period of time), but these days every company Samsung, Intel and etc do this to some degree. Reply 1 2 3 ▶ PIPELINE STORIES + Submit News MSI Adds Low-Profile GeForce GTX 1050 Ti to Lineup Game Bundles: Get Civilization VI, Doom, Watch_Dogs 2 for Free with AMD, NVIDIA and Samsung Hardware Plextor Launches EX1 USB-C External SSD: Up to 550 MBps, 512 GB and LDPC Best CPUs: Holiday 2016 ADATA Launches the SD700 External SSD: Dust, Water and Shock Resistant (with 3D NAND) MSI Releases the 'VR One': A Backpack PC For VR From $1999 Best SSDs: Holiday 2016 NVIDIA Releases 375.86 WHQL Driver Update Fold Proteins for Charity & Help AnandTech Beat Tom’s Hardware: Starting December 1st Huawei Mate 9 Porsche Design Unboxing and Hands On Benchmarks Best Tablets: Holiday 2016 AMD Releases Radeon Software Crimson Edition 16.11.4 Hotfix TWEETS IanCutress: The new look at @ScanUKOfficial website is bad. More clicks to get to important areas, very bulky. (Aside, fewer Today Only deals as well.) IanCutress: G+ MIMO PCMCIA. Vintage. @belkin https://t.co/gSErVsRWDq IanCutress: My first ever MP3 player. 64MB internal memory, I had to write MP3 to CD and rerip to 60MB total to fit 20+ tracks… https://t.co/YysadNHZyR IanCutress: My pre-teen PC gaming, early 90s. Just found these in an old box. https://t.co/KLeKuIBlQo ganeshts: Snapchat Spectacles: The teardown https://t.co/qgbtLRHIcQ via @mashable ganeshts: @tmvn @RyanSmithAT Tom, the 'free' permit is only from members of the HEVC Adv. patent pool, right? What about MPEG-LA / other stakeholders? RyanSmithAT: @tmvn Excellent. Thanks for the clarification. Definitely a promising development then ganeshts: @RyanSmithAT @tmvn PR makes it look like a decent start to address HEVC license issues, but single patent pool is the elephant in the room RyanSmithAT: @futureofpeople Regrettably we won't be able to attend. But thank you for the heads up RyanSmithAT: @tmvn "where the HEVC [..] is fully executed in software on a general purpose CPU" So you'd have to pay to use an existing hardware decoder? RyanSmithAT: @DanMatte @chrisheinonen HDR is "free" from a processing POV. There's no reason not to use it if you have a good TV that doesn't add latency RyanSmithAT: @adityashah2011 @AIR82849708 The US does something kind of similar with magnetic ink IanCutress: @paulrteich It's been going on for about a month. I've had a dozen ganeshts: .@wimbet OP3T - price, and they know how to make proper use of screen real estate by providing option to NOT have on-screen nav. buttons ganeshts: @mikinho Definitely. For content consumption / tablet use-cases in mobile devices, USB-C ports are sufficient. Not sure about 'Pro' devices Follow @ANANDTECH   LINKS Home About Forums RSS Pipeline News Bench Galleries Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Contact Us TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS The Most Trusted in Tech Since 1997 About Advertising Privacy Policy Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved. TOPICS FOLLOW ABOUT CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides Facebook Twitter RSS About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Show Full Site Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved. BENCH CPU SSD GPU 2013 GPU 2012 Smartphone 2011 Mobile TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS ABOUT About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Show Full Site Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved. Log in Don't have an account? Sign up now Username Password Remember Me Lost your password?
Trending: Video preview: Smart cities tour! SharePoint 2013 cheat sheet Video: Holiday gift guide 2016 Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. First look: Visual Studio for Mac is here at last, almost Windows 10 quick tips: Get the most out of Cortana 6 ex-CIOs reveal lessons learned, biggest regrets Ultimate guide to setting up a small business Wi-Fi network More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Gamification Home Tech Location-Based Services Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) Business Process Management (BPM) CRM Collaboration Content/Document Management Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software Integration Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Computer Hardware News Lack of a high-quality GPU may hold Intel back on A.I. and VR Intel is offering a plethora of chips for the fast-growing markets of artificial intelligence, VR, and AR, but it doesn't have a high-performance GPU By Agam Shah | Follow U.S. Correspondent, IDG News Service | Aug 17, 2016 2:04 PM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. More like this Intel's megachips will take on Nvidia's GPUs and Google's TPUs Intel's Knights Mill mega-chip to take on GPUs in A.I. AMD mulls a CPU+GPU super chip in a server reboot Video Mingis on Tech: From superfast SSDs to Bluetooth locks and solar shingles In 2009, Intel gave up on developing Larrabee, a homegrown discrete GPU, targeted at PC gaming systems. Now, some analysts are questioning whether Intel needs its own high-performance GPU, a driving force behind the fast-growing gaming, virtual reality, and artificial intelligence markets. GPUs aren't a big presence at the ongoing Intel Developer Forum, which is centered around the chip maker's A.I. and VR strategy. Intel is highlighting its CPUs and FPGAs (field programmable gate arrays) for those categories, and the lack of a GPU to chase the hot markets could be a hole in the company's product line. Intel has never been a leader in graphics, and it hasn't aggressively competed in the area, like Nvidia and AMD have. This week, it showed some progress in its graphics technology, saying its upcoming Kaby Lake PC chips will have integrated graphics processors with 4K support. For A.I., Intel is pitching high-performance chips called Xeon Phi, which were derived from Larrabee. At IDF, the company announced a specialized Xeon Phi chip called Knights Mill for A.I. It also pitching FPGAs, which can be reprogrammed for specific machine-learning tasks. With its current chip lineup, Intel doesn't believe it needs a pure-play GPU to pursue its A.I. strategy. "Really, what most high-performance computers need -- they don't need a GPU -- they need parallel application performance, there are many ways to get that," said Jason Waxman, corporate vice president and general manager of Intel’s Data Center Solutions Group. But in multimedia applications, a homegrown GPU could help. If Intel had highest-performance GPUs like AMD and Nvidia do, the company would be able to participate in a wider capacity in VR and AR, said Patrick Moorhead, principal analyst at Moor Insights and Strategy. "With what they have now, they can participate in VR and AR all the way from head-mounted displays to mainstream A.I. and VR ... with their CPUs," Moorhead said. But to use VR headsets like the Oculus Rift or HTC Vive, PCs with Intel CPUs will still need high-end GPUs from Nvidia or AMD. Intel may not need a GPU for A.I. with its Xeon Phi and software stack, but time will tell, Moorhead said. Having one quality GPU to tackle the A.I., gaming, and VR and AR markets could help Intel kill many birds with one stone, said Jim McGregor, principal analyst at Tirias Research. But the company has already burned a lot of money trying to build a GPU and hasn't seen success, McGregor said. Intel may not have the appetite to make a high-performance GPU, which can be challenging. Moreover, Intel doesn't believe in the idea of a co-processor, or a separate processor, to accelerate certain workloads. It believes in building fully capable host chips that boot up computers and take on all workloads, McGregor said. In the meanwhile, it can turn to AMD, Nvidia, or even Imagination Technologies for its graphics needs, McGregor said. Intel in the past also turned to ARM for graphics on its now-defunct low-end Atom X3 chip code-named Sofia.  To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Computer Hardware Computer Processors Virtual Reality Artificial Intelligence 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Shop Tech Products at Amazon You Might Like Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like China builds world’s fastest supercomputer without U.S. chips China's Sunway TaihuLight theoretical peak performance is 124.5 petaflops. Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis This sortable chart lets you compare dozens of tools for functionality, skill level and more. Windows 10 Anniversary Update: A guide to the builds The Windows 10 Anniversary Update is due this summer -- but if you don’t want to wait, you can install... Popular Resources Video/Webcast Sponsored 3 Tips to Deliver Fast Performance Across Mobile Web White Paper Big Data for Good: Using Data & Analytics to Benefit Society (And Make Money) White Paper Closing the Customer-Experience Gap with Digital-Performance Management Video/Webcast Sponsored From 0 to DevOps in 80 Days: Lessons Learned Moving from On-Prem to Cloud Native White Paper Harnessing the Three Forms of Big Data Analytics Innovation Go Top Stories Pelosi says UC IT workers are in ‘untenable position’ House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi is urging the University of California to drop plans to send some... Voting security experts tell Clinton to demand recount Hillary Clinton, the apparent loser in the recent U.S. presidential race, should ask for voting... Holiday shopping by mobile phone? Beware fake apps and bad Wi-Fi hotspots The smartphone risk is higher this year than in 2015. There are more active cyber criminals and many... On first day in office, Trump to attack visas that 'undercut the American President-elect Donald Trump on Monday sent out the strongest signal yet that the H-1B visa program is... Sponsored Links INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 1994 - 2016 Computerworld, Inc. All rights reserved. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »

Enter your search terms Submit search form   Web www.aardvark.co.nz Aardvark Daily New Zealand's longest-running online daily news and commentary publication, now in its 21st year. The opinion pieces presented here are not purported to be fact but reasonable effort is made to ensure accuracy. Content copyright © 1995 - 2016 to Bruce Simpson (aka Aardvark), the logo was kindly created for Aardvark Daily by the folks at aardvark.co.uk Home : Commentary : Features : Sci-Tech News : Feedback : Follow Me on G+ : Forums : Contact : REPUBLISHING : Please visit the sponsor! Intel enters the drone market 18 August 2016 An unlikely player has announced its entry into the rapidly growing drone market: Intel. According to the company, they will be launching a new "ready to fly" drone in the fourth quarter of this year and that drone will be promoted as a development platform for software developers. At the heart of the drone will be Intel's Aero Compute board, an SBC that uses a quad-core Atom processor and runs a Linux OS. It also supports the AirMap geofencing system and RealSense computer vision technology. From a hardware perspective, this drone is pretty boring and looks more like the sort of thing that a high-school student might come up with rather than the results of an engineer's attention -- but given its intended application that's probably okay. The real question has to be "just why are Intel doing this?" Traditionally, Intel has its roots in the CPU and commercial, industrial and consumer computing component markets so a shift into the realm of unmanned aerial vehicles is not something commentators were expecting. Most of the electronics in commercial and consumer-grade drones are based around ARM processors so perhaps Intel has decided that they need to create a presence before they're left completely out of this lucrative market. Just looking at the specs, the electronics Intel are using (the Aero Compute board) is far more suited to development activities than actual use in any commercial system. It is quite large by modern standards and there are far better options for production-level use. It will be very interesting to see whether developers opt to get on board with this "development kit" drone or if they prefer to stick with the more commonplace ARM-based hardware. This could turn into an embarrassing flop if Intel can't attract the developers it's targeting with this bit of kit. I've not seen a final price for the drone but the Aero board itself is pitched at US$399, which isn't too bad at all. Interestingly enough, Intel has already dipped its toe into the drone market by way of investments in other companies and related technologies. They have a stake in Yuneec, a Chinese company which set out to rival DJI, the recognised world leader in consumer-grade drones. Intel has also invested in several technology startups that have a drone focus. Personally I'm quite excited by this offering, not for what it does but for the potential it has to open the doors for armies of wannabe drone software developers that don't have the smarts to do their own hardware. Who knows what clever software will start appearing next year when this hits the market. One thing is for sure... love them or hate them, it is becoming increasingly clear that drones are the future of aviation (even though certain district councils around here refuse to acknowledge that or take advantage of the opportunities presented them). Please visit the sponsor! Have your say in the Aardvark Forums. PERMALINK to this column Rank This Aardvark Page   Change Font   Aardvark feeds RSS-XML Feed Javascript Audio Aardvark Podcast NatRad stream NewsTalk ZB Mates' websites Tokoroa Welding UAV Aerospace DPT.co.nz RCModelReviews No-diet weight loss   Features: Beware The Alternative Energy Scammers The Great "Run Your Car On Water" Scam   The Missile Man book Recent Columns Good News Wednesday All too often it's the bad news which makes headlines, while the good news goes largely unreported... Too much, too quickly? I wonder if those developing and selling hi-tech devices should start living by the mantra "more speed, less haste"... The Grand Tour - bloody fantastic! Thanks to the power of the interwebs and gobs of associated technology, the video show that every man and his dog has been waiting for, finally hit people's screens on Friday through Saturday (depending on your Time Zone)... SpaceX prepares to launch SkyNet Should we be worried that SpaceX is planning to launch an orbiting network of some 800 satellites, all linked so as to provide a global network?... Earthquakes, the answer to our housing bubble For the second (and probably not the last) time in just a few short years, New Zealand has been rocked by a series of major earthquakes that have caused massive property damage... Need a ripper, or do I? The DVD player in the bedroom has all-but spat the dummy... What HP could learn from Commodore I'm sure most readers will recall that it was only a short while ago that HP did the dirty on customers by sending out an update for their printers that effectively disabled third-party consumables Is COTE to blame for our quakes? I've been in New Zealand for a very long time and during that time I've felt a small number of earthquakes... Uh Oh, am I in trouble (again)? Most readers know about the history of my DIY cruise missile and the trouble that created well over a decade ago... The day the Earth stood still When the Brits voted to leave Europe the world stopped spinning on its axis for just a moment... Sorry sir, that engine is against the law! There's nothing more exciting in the world of science, than something which appears to violate the known laws of physics... Content © 1995-2016, Bruce Simpson/Aardvark, all rights reserved. Privacy Policy
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Hey techbros, make an airplane mode but for driving for your apps – US traffic watchdog USS Zumwalt gets Panama tug job after yet another breakdown Visa cries foul over Euro regulator's stronger authentication demands Sorry, iPhone fans – only Fandroids get Barclays' tap-to-withdraw Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH HPE core servers and storage under pressure Stay out of my server room! Dell EMC's Pure-crushing benchmarks are flawed, says, er, Pure NetComm kicked to the curb by nbn™ for fibre-not-quite-to-the-home Hey techbros, make an airplane mode but for driving for your apps – US traffic watchdog AWS to launch Aurora service for PostgreSQL at re:Invent – report Obama awards honours to Grace Hopper, Margaret Hamilton for computing contributions Microsoft still working to fix Outlook sync issues Visa cries foul over Euro regulator's stronger authentication demands Sorry, iPhone fans – only Fandroids get Barclays' tap-to-withdraw Comcast is the honey badger of ISPs – injects pop-ups into browsers, doesn't give a fsck Deliver-oops! Takeaway pusher's customers burger-ed by hijackers The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Continuous Lifecycle 2017: Ten days to tell us how DevOps really works Puppet pulls in (almost) former Cisco exec to head EMEA Put down the org chart, snowflake: Why largile's for management crybabies Infrastructure as code: The road to continuous everything Policy The Channel Fibre pushers get UK budget tax reprieve Surprise, surprise. BT the only Universal Service Obligation provider in town Gov's industrial strategy: 'Look, we've changed the words above our door' Euro Patent office staff call again for King Battistelli regicide Microsoft's nerd goggles will run on a toaster Speaking in Tech: 'You idiot - you could've done that in 3 clicks' HTC and OnePlus spruce up flagships for Santa's sack Allow us to sum this up: UK ISP Plusnet minus net for nine-plus hours SPB Geek's Guide LAKE OF frozen WATER THE SIZE OF NEW MEXICO FOUND ON MARS – NASA New state of matter discovered by superconductivity gurus International Space Station celebrates 18th birthday in true style – by setting trash on fire NASA trying to rein in next-generation super-heavy lifter costs Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things 2016. AI boffins picked a hell of a year to train a neural net by making it watch the news AI is all trendy and fun – but it's still a long way from true intelligence, Facebook boffins admit MP Kees Verhoeven wants EU to regulate the Internet of S**t Dyn Dyn Dyn – we have a buyer: Oracle gobbles Internet of Things DDoS victim Verity Stob USS Zumwalt gets Panama tug job after yet another breakdown Reg man 0: Japanese electronic toilet 1 Twitter bans own CEO Jack Dorsey from Twitter Trial date set for Brit police 'copter coppers over spying-on-doggers claims More like this Intel Xeon Phi Emergent Tech Artificial Intelligence Intel teases geeks with 2017 AI hyper-chip: Xeon Phi Knights Mill Well, at least we know what our future cyber overlords' brains will be called 17 Aug 2016 at 20:02, Chris Williams Chris Williams Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Windows 10, Arm, Apple, Intel, Microsoft Recent Articles Double KO! Capcom's Street Fighter V installs hidden rootkit on PCs ARM emits Cortex-R52 Despite IANA storm, ICANN shows just why it shouldn't be allowed to take over internet's critical functions IDF16 Intel is working on a powerful Xeon Phi processor for servers and workstations that is "optimized" for artificial-intelligence software – and it's codenamed Knights Mill. Chipzilla's data center group boss Diane Bryant flashed up this slide during this morning's Intel Developer Forum keynote in San Francisco: The chip is geared towards deep-learning applications, and is expected to be available in 2017, we're told. It will use RAM stacked into the top of its die, feature many, many cores, and have a focus on high-performance floating-point calculations – all of which should help it perform the operations necessary for high-throughput machine learning. Crucially, the Mill is not an accelerator or coprocessor: it can run x86 code and can boot and run operating systems and apps without the need of a host CPU. This sets it apart from rival chips, like Nvidia's GPUs, which need a host processor to direct them. According to Intel, Knights Mill "is optimized for scale-out analytics implementations, and will include key enhancements for deep learning training. For today’s machine learning applications, the large memory size of the Intel Xeon Phi processor family helps customers like Baidu make it easier to train their models efficiently." The Mill is the latest in the Xeon Phi family, which keeps growing and growing. Its Knights Hill sister, a third-generation 10nm Phi announced in 2014, will be used in supercomputers, such as the US Department of Energy's forthcoming 180PFLOPS Aurora beast. Meanwhile, Knights Landing, the second-generation 14nm Phi announced in 2013, went on sale in June. It sports up to 72 Atom Airmont cores, and can access up to 16GB of stacked 3D RAM and up to 384GB of normal DDR4 memory – you can find all their specs here. It will be used in Uncle Sam's Cori supercomputer. Before them were Knights Corner and Knights Ferry. The Xeon Phi clan is aimed at high-performance servers and systems, and carry high price tags. A Knights Landing part will set you back at least $2,500. Up until now, they've been touted to academics and government boffins running simulations and material studies and the like. Now, with AI startup Nervana in its pocket, Intel's turning the Phis to artificial intelligence, and Nvidia is in its sights. ® Sponsored: Magic quadrant for enterprise mobility management suites Tips and corrections 21 Comments More from The Register Intel mulls sale of Intel Security – reports Opinion The game done changed 6 Comments Intel is shipping an ARM-based FPGA. Repeat, Intel is shipping an ARM-based FPGA Nobody tell Linux, okay? 30 Comments Intel-supported Open HPC stack to land in Q4 Shrink-wrapped software stack for big ironmongers 2 Comments IBM Bluemix to offer Intel 3D XPoint-powered cloud in late 2017 First comes a cloud testbed so we can figure out what non-volatile memory is good for 2 Comments EU legal eagle: Euro court should review Intel's €1.6bn fine Chipzilla market share WAS overstated, claims Advocate General 6 Comments Intel taps baton, tells the IoT orchestra to tune up Chipzilla updates dev environment for Thing connectivity Whitepapers Build scalable and secure public cloud services Based on the industry-leading products and technologies your customers demand, Red Hat provides a complete set of platforms, tools, and software components you need to build a scalable, agile, and secure cloud services infrastructure. Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Securing Productivity in the Borderless Enterprise Before you transform your business with mobility services, you need to consider both the management and security challenges you’ll face from the combination of mobile devices and cloud-based apps. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Most read LAKE OF frozen WATER THE SIZE OF NEW MEXICO FOUND ON MARS – NASA Twitter bans own CEO Jack Dorsey from Twitter Emulating x86: Microsoft builds granny flat into Windows 10 Irish eyes are crying: Tens of thousands of broadband modems wide open to hijacking Google declares victory for its Wifi router before it's even shipped Spotlight Top of the bots: This AI isn't a cold, cruel killing machine – it's a pop music hit machine Spark meets HAL: Apache's cluster master goes deep Will AI spell the end of humanity? The tech industry wants you to think so Mysterious algorithms, black-box AI recruiters are binning our résumés Pound falling, Marmite off the shelves – what the UK needs right now is ... an AI ethics board Do AI chat bots need a personality bypass – or will we only trust gabber 'droids with character? Zombie Moore's Law shows hardware is eating software Invasion of the virus-addled lightbulbs (and other banana stories) Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.

Login All Reviews Editorials News Samsung's New Smartphone Innovation: Jet Black When Your Mac Acts Up, Try This First Apple Watch Users get 5K Challenge for Thanksgiving Tips iOS and watchOS: Seeing Historical Heart Rate Data Wi-Fi Mesh Systems Compared: eero, Orbi, AmpliFi Podcasts TMO Daily Observations 2016-11-23: Apple's Automation Plans, Thanksgiving Tech Tips TMO Daily Observations 2016-11-22: Listener Comments on Apple's WiFi Plans View All Results → Matias Wireless Aluminum Keyboard: The Apple Keyboard You've Been Looking For Brydge 12.9 Aluminum Keyboard for iPad Pro Exudes Class X-Doria Evervue Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Poor Marks Review: Charge and Listen on iPhone 7 with Belkin Lightning Audio + Charge RockStar Silk Innovation Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Highest Marks View All Reviews → Jony Ive Designs Christmas Tree with No Decorations When Your Mac Acts Up, Try This First Apple Has the Experience to Make an AR Bombshell Come True Apple's Tradition of Always Building the Best Doesn't Fit with Current Apple TV Considering Rumors of Apple AR Glasses with Tim Cook's Comments on Google Glass View All Editorials → ACM 373: Apple’s Engineering Demands, Fake iPhones, Intel’s ARM Move Jeff Gamet & Bryan Chaffin @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet · @TMOBryan · + & Bryan Chaffin Aug 17th, 2016 3:08 PM EST | Apple Context Machine Podcast Apple is relentless with its design ideas regardless of what the hardware engineers say. Bryan and Jeff explain why that’s a good thing for consumers, plus they show you how to spot fake iPhone 7 photos, and look at Intel’s decision to start making ARM processors. MP3 Feed Feedback ACM 373: Apple's Engineering Demands, Fake iPhones, Intel's ARM Move 3:08 PM Aug. 17th, 2016 — Download: MP3 Version (AAC Version Coming Soon) Apple is relentless with its design ideas regardless of what the hardware engineers say. Bryan and Jeff explain why that’s a good thing for consumers,... Sources referenced in this episode: Apple’s Power Starts with Dismissing Engineering Truths as Irrelevant How to Tell Which Leaked iPhone Photos are Fake Intel Could Vie for Apple’s Chip Business with New ARM License Jeff’s Twitter Bryan’s Twitter Jeff’s blog: Fresh Brewed Tales Bryan’s blog: Geek Tells Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Apple's Intent Isn't the Same as Committing to Mac Automation Jeff Gamet | November 23, 2016 Matias Wireless Aluminum Keyboard: The Apple Keyboard You've Been Looking For John Kheit | November 22, 2016 TMO Weekly Sponsor Black Friday Giveaway From MacXDVD. Grab it free to download YouTube videos, convert video format, edit and record videos. Only 1000 free copies issued daily. Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $110.92 -0.88 (-0.79%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store 2529 Jeff Gamet apple-context-machine 0 1471446539 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters After the Bell Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money Cramer: Feel Like Taking a Risk in Retail? DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Will Virtual Reality Be Intel's Next Frontier? The chipmaker launches VR headset Project Alloy and announces new customers for its foundry business on the first day of Intel Developer Forum. Jaewon Kang Aug 17, 2016 2:02 PM EDT As chip giant Intel (INTC) continues to search for new sources of growth outside of its legacy PC business, virtual reality may be one of its next big focus areas. On Tuesday, Intel kicked off its three-day Developer Forum in San Francisco. Virtual reality and its foundry business of manufacturing chips for other companies were among the main themes in the first day of the chipmaker's conference. In fact, the Santa Clara, Calif.-based chipmaker launched VR headset Project Alloy and introduced a new concept it calls merged reality in which users switch back and forth between virtual reality, which offers a computer-generated environment that blocks out the real world, and augmented reality, which adds computer-generated images to the physical world. Intel touts Project Alloy as an all-in-one VR headset that includes sensors, cameras, batteries and a central processing unit. (CPU refers to a type of chip that essentially handles the majority of a computer's calculations.) On the VR software front, Intel will partner with Microsoft (MSFT) with Windows Holographic, the software that powers Microsoft's VR product HoloLens. On the hardware front, it will open-source the Project Alloy hardware to developers in the second half of the year. "Virtual reality is obviously in its early stages," said Northland Securities analyst Tom Sepenzis via phone, adding that while it will take a couple years for the concept to fully develop, it bodes well that Intel is making a push toward VR, espeically as it looks to diversify outside of its core PC business. Prev 0 of 3 Next If you liked this article you might like Why Macom's AppliedMicro Circuits Deal Could Benefit Intel While ARM-based server processors have been seen as a big threat to Intel, they've made limited headway. Macom's deal to buy AppliedMicro shines a light on this. Eric Jhonsa Nov 22, 2016 10:41 AM EST Symantec's $2.3B purchase of LifeLock Aims to Revive Consumer business Few targets in the consumer cyber-security market could have moved the needle for Symantec. Chris Nolter Nov 22, 2016 7:54 AM EST The Latest Chip Acquisition Could Be Good News for Intel While ARM-based server processors have been seen as a big threat to Intel, they've made limited headway. Macom's deal to buy AppliedMicro shines a light on this. Eric Jhonsa Nov 21, 2016 9:54 PM EST Intel Earnings, New Strategy Seem Likely to Power the Company Upward The chip-making giant is reinventing itself for the cloud and shows excellent growth potential. Shubhankar Adhikari Nov 21, 2016 3:28 PM EST You need to LOG IN to edit your watchlist. Stocks you follow Edit Authors you follow Edit My Reading List save an article here Trending 5 Worst Airports in the U.S. Dow Clings to Record as Fed Indicates a Rate Hike Could Be Coming Johnson & Johnson Stock Goes Into Full Breakdown Jim Cramer -- Buy a Stock 'When Everyone Hates It' 5 Stocks Insiders Love Right Now Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
null

WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Hot Research PM Intel: Three Reasons to Buy the Stock The Data Center Group will grow more, there’s optionality on future wireless losses and a 3% dividend yield. August 17, 2016 Intel (INTC: Nasdaq) By Pacific Crest Securities ($35.21, Aug. 16, 2016) We rate Intel at Overweight. Our price target is $38, based on 14 times our fiscal 2017 earnings-per-share estimate of $2.70. We remain constructive on Intel (ticker: INTC) given: 1) secular growth trends remain intact in Data Center Group (DCG) (about 50% of... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Today’s Top 5 Stock Picks: Durable Growth Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. How Apple Could Bring Back the Flip Phone Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Beware the Great Rotation From Bonds Into Stocks Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Abbott Labs CEO Doubles His Stock Holdings Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. As Card Rewards Mount, Visa and Mastercard Win Big Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Eli Lilly Alzheimer's Drug Fails Major Test Trial 2 How Did the Dow Cross 19000? 3 3 Stories in 60 Seconds: Amazon and More Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
CNET Reviews CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Forums News Apple Computers Crave Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home CNET Smart Home CNET Smart Apartment Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Games Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español CNET Computers ​Intel: Our laser chips will make sites like Google and Facebook faster ​Intel: Our laser chips will make sites like Google and Facebook faster A technology called silicon photonics has graduated from Intel's research labs into a real-world product to speed up computer communications. ​Intel: Our laser chips will make sites like Google and Facebook faster 0 Computers by Stephen Shankland 18 August 2016 4:35 am AEST @stshank Up Next Pokemon Go tracking finally goes live and actually works Enlarge Image Diane Bryant, general manager of Intel's Data Center Group, shows Intel's silicon photonics module at IDF 2016.Photo by Stephen Shankland/CNET Laser light has made its way into a new product line Intel expects will speed up the data centers at the heart of online services like Google search and Facebook social networking. After years of research, the chipmaker has begun selling a product using a technology called silicon photonics that builds lasers directly into computer chips. That means communications can take place using light traveling over glass fiber-optic cables that can carry much more data than electrons on traditional copper wires. "We see a future where silicon photonics optical input-output is everywhere in the data center," said Diane Bryant, general manager of Intel's Data Center Group, at the company's Intel Developer Forum Wednesday in San Francisco. More from IDF 2016 USB Type-C could kill your headphone jack. Here's how ​Intel's next-gen PC chip works, it's the fastest ever, and it's coming this fall Intel strikes deal to make ARM-based chips It's not technology you'll plug into your PC or phone any time soon, but silicon photonics could help you out. That's because data centers packed with thousands of servers are shouldering more and more work -- everything from Facebook's face recognition to Google's language translation. Opening up communication bottlenecks between those servers means new services are economical and existing ones can run faster. Intel's first silicon photonics communication chips can transfer data at 100 gigabits per second -- roughly 100 times faster than home Wi-Fi under the most optimistic circumstances. A next-generation version will quadruple that to 400Gbps, Intel said. Enlarge Image Intel's silicon photonics communciation modulePhoto by Intel Servers' data appetite has been growing explosively, said Kushagra Vaid, general manager of cloud hardware engineering for Microsoft's widely used Azure server infrastructure. Copper cables already struggle to hit 25Gbps with lengths just 10 feet long, he said, but silicon photonics could help the company scale to the next level. "When we get to 100 gigabits per second, we're going to hit a brick wall," Vaid said. "That's where silicon photonics is very interesting. It's a great way for us to continue that scaling." Fiber optics are widely used for long-haul communication links like undersea cables. Intel and other photonics fans expect integrating laser communications into chips will lower costs for the technology so it can be used for shorter distances within data centers and eventually inside a computer chassis. Intel's new module can send signals as far as 1.2 miles -- an immense improvement over copper cabling. Intel isn't alone in the market. IBM, Luxtera, Fujitsu and Silicon Valley startups are working on silicon photonics, too. Share your voice 0 comments Join the conversation Tags Computers Sci-Tech Processors Intel Related Stories How to get a Touch Bar on your old Mac 7 tips and tricks for the MacBook Pro's Touch Bar 4 apps to show off the MacBook Pro's Touch Bar The 13 best uses of Siri on a Mac Close   Discuss: ​Intel: Our laser chips will make sites like... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Pokemon Go tracking finally goes live and actually works The iPhone 7 Antenna issues explained What's really going on with the iPhone 7's LTE connection? Apple's getting rid of their Airport Wireless routers and we like balloons. by Brian Tong Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Leadership > Companies & Executives > Intel Licenses Technology from Rival ARM to Boost Foundry Business Intel Licenses Technology from Rival ARM to Boost Foundry Business Aug 17, 2016 Bloomberg EMAIL Tweet Comments 1 The accord will let Intel offer third-party semiconductor companies its most advanced 10-nanometer production lines for manufacturing the complex chips usually used in smartphones. Justin Sullivan/Getty Images Advertisement Intel Corp. (IW 500/20), the world’s biggest semiconductor maker, said it’s licensing technology from rival ARM Holdings Plc, a move to win more customers for its business that manufactures chips for other companies. The two chipmakers, whose designs and technology dominate in computing and mobile, unveiled the agreement on August 16 at the Intel Developer Forum in San Francisco. The accord will let Intel offer third-party semiconductor companies its most advanced 10-nanometer production lines for manufacturing the complex chips usually used in smartphones. Intel, which gets the majority of its revenue from making personal-computer processors, has failed to gain ground in the larger and faster-growing phone market -- the stronghold of ARM’s technology. Under Chief Executive Officer Brian Krzanich, Intel is trying to persuade other chipmakers to use its factories for their production. Adding licenses for ARM’s technology could open up that business to fabricating chips based on those designs for companies such as Qualcomm Inc. and Apple Inc., which now have their chips produced by Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. and others. Intel’s embrace of the competing technology comes as the PC market continues to decline and growth in the lucrative server-chip market slows. The Santa Clara, California-based company began offering foundry services -- outsourced manufacturing -- under Krzanich’s predecessor, Paul Otellini, but hadn’t announced any major customers placing orders in large volume. Popular Now What the 2016 Elections Mean for Manufacturers Trump Takes on Legal Immigration First with H-1B, Skilled Guest Worker Programs Economics to Keep Wind and Solar Energy Thriving With Trump Indicating that those fortunes may be changing, Intel announced that LG Electronics Inc., South Korea’s second-biggest phone maker behind Samsung Electronics Co., will use Intel’s foundry business to manufacture 10 nanometer mobile-phone parts. Separately, Intel said it won’t use extreme ultraviolet lithography as a manufacturing technique in its 10-nanometer production. The technology isn’t ready for the next generation of production, 7 nanometer, Intel also said, and the company won’t use the chipmaking technique until it delivers the promised efficiency. ASML Holding NV is the main manufacturer of EUV machinery and has been trying to make it ready for full use for more than a decade. ASML’s stock fell as much as 3.5 percent in U.S. trading Tuesday following the comments by Mark Bohr, Intel’s head of process architecture. “I can’t say whether it’s a year from now or three years from now,” Bohr said of the technique at the Intel conference. “I am hopeful.” By Ian King Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Discuss this Article 1 Tom Cobett on Aug 18, 2016 I object to the use of the term "Foundry Services" to describe any business activity that is not based on the melting, pouring and shaping of metals. As a life-long participant in the foundry industry, and a current owner of a foundry, I can tell you that NOTHING else is like a foundry. We take cast off materials (scrap metals) from other industries, melt and refine them, and then pour them into high value, close tolerance, highly engineered components. Only a foundry does this kind of work. Only a business doing this kind if work should be referred to as a foundry. Foundry Services does not equate to Outsourced Manufacturing. Not all foundries do outsourced work for other companies. Outsourced Manufacturing implies that you could do the work in-house and in country, but, you have decided for whatever reason (probably profit) to have the work done by someone else (not in your country). Foundries exist because the metal casting process can only be done in a foundry. ALL METAL PRODUCTS start out by someone first melting and refining the raw ore or scrap metal and then pouring it into an engineered shape. Most companies who need to have metal castings buy them from foundries because that is the only place that they can be made. Is buying milk from a dairy farm outsourcing? Is buying tires from a rubber company outsourcing? Is buying automotive glass from a glass company outsourcing? We buy products from these specialty manufacturers because they have the knowledge and equipment to make things that we cannot make ourselves. If you think that making semiconductor products for another company is the same or even similar to a foundry, you have never been in a foundry and you don't have any idea what they really do. Go see a foundry and find out where the metals industry really starts. Log In or Register to post comments Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Advertisement Related Articles BASF Buys Electrolytes Business from Rival Merck Intel Strong-armed Russia into Concession $400M Casting, Forging Project Has GE, Cividale Backing Boeing Orders Titanium 3DP Structures for Testing Magna Building a New U.K. Aluminum Diecasting Plant Leadership Category Sponsored by Plex The Plex Manufacturing Cloud automates the plant floor and informs the top floor. See why Forrester named Plex Systems as the 2016 breakout SaaS ERP vendor. Learn why THE LATEST Building the IIoT Step-by-Step Hold Off on Eulogy for PC Market: There’s Some Life Left Samsung Offices Raided Over Influence-Peddling Scandal Deere Jumps as Profit Forecast Tops Estimates Amid Cost Cuts Economics to Keep Wind and Solar Energy Thriving With Trump Leadership Message to Donald Trump: Hire Veterans for Your New Administration More Advertisement Manufacturing Leader of the Week Nov 23, 2016 Exclusive IndustryWeek Building the IIoT Step-by-Step Rockwell Automation’s President & CEO Blake Moret charts a course to lead in a digitally connected manufacturing world....More View All Trending on IndustryWeek Millennial Recruiting Magic: Solutions from Manufacturers Large and Small Trump Outlines Top Plans Amid Business Scrutiny Trump Takes on Legal Immigration First with H-1B, Skilled Guest Worker Programs Obama White-Collar Overtime Pay Expansion Blocked by Judge The Great Manufacturing Employment Challenge IW Webinars The Benefits of 3D Printing for Your Business Shift your Labor Strategy to Attract and Engage Top Talent The Future of Making Things: Using Advanced Technologies to Increase Innovation The Cycle of Trust and Accountability Unlocking SMB Potential with Exporting View All Hot Topics IoT Emerge 2016 Manufacturing Day 2016 The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement IW White Papers Reimagining Safety in the Connected Enterprise Modernizing Metals Management Four Use Cases Show Real-World Impact of IoT Connected Mine Best of Rockwell Automation TechED 2016 More   Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2016 Penton
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Circuit Breaker Apple Mobile Intel explains how USB-C could be far better than the headphone jack New, 266 comments New specs pave the way for powerful features by Nick Statt@nickstatt Aug 17, 2016, 2:14pm EDT share tweet Linkedin The impending death of the 3.5mm audio port is one of the more contentious tech industry narratives this year. With Apple rumored to remove the jack with the iPhone 7 and devices like the Moto Z already having ditched the port altogether, consumers are justifiably concerned about a standards war they didn't ask for. As it stands, USB-C is only used in a select few phones and laptops like the aforementioned Moto phone and the newer Apple MacBook. Intel, however, thinks the versatile new USB-C standard won't just make for a viable headphone jack replacement, but a superior one as well. At the Intel Developer Forum in San Francisco yesterday, Intel architects Brad Saunders and Rahman Ismail explained how improvements to the USB-C standard, slated to arrive later this year, could make it a far better port for the modern-day smartphone, according to CNET. The most obvious advantage, at least to devices manufacturers, is slimmer phones. Without needing to route analog circuitry, a phone maker could switch to digital audio and shave off precious millimeters from the device's body. With digital audio, Saunders added, software and device makers could help cheaper earbuds take advantage of features reserved for more expensive headphones, like noise cancelling and bass boosting. Intel has been one of the biggest proponents of USB-C technology Beyond the need for cumbersome adapters, one of the biggest concerns with the loss of the headphone jack is power use. USB controllers are inherently more power-hungry than a 3.5mm port, and if there's anything that will push consumers to resist change, it's detrimental effects to battery life. Saunders says he and Ismail's revised specifications for USB-C could allow it to detect when users are not using the microphone on headphones and turn it off to save battery. "The difference in battery life is negligible" with USB headphones, Saunders suggested. There's also some video potential with USB-C, the duo explained. While not a viable HDMI replacement, USB-C is capable of high-throughput data transfers. That means you could hook a smartphone or computer up to a display through USB-C to run apps or watch movies. It may not be viable for gaming, but it's certainly a way to work around extra cable needs. Plus, USB-C can handle multiple connections at once, so you'd be able to use a USB hub to transmit video or mirror a display from a single port while at the same time charging the device and connecting a separate cable for peripherals. These changes collectively "will really make USB Type-C the right connector for audio," Saunders concluded. This isn't Intel's first vocal push for USB-C. Back in April, the company detailed a proposal to remove the 3.5mm audio jack at its Shenzhen developer forum. The proposal laid out how the port is antiquated when considering the multi-purpose needs of modern phone users. It's not just video or audio improvements — USB-C opens up the possibility for all sorts of health tracking and other fitness-related functions that can be controlled from a single port. And last year at Computex, Intel became the most high-profile industry name to throw its weight behind USB-C, declaring that its Thunderbolt 3 interface would use the new standard instead of the existing Mini DisplayPort. High-end headphones for iPhone's lightning port Source: CNET Via: Engadget Next Up In Circuit Breaker These stickers have a unique fingerprint, so you can unlock your phone with your gloves on Spinn coffee thinks it’s better than pods, but who is really above pods? This cheap fitness watch has GPS tracking and an always-on display Let’s hope these sneakers with LED screens are not the footwear of the future You can now buy your horse the connected sweater vest Bojack never had The best Black Friday 2016 laptop deals: Surface Books, HP Spectre x360, Dell XPS 13, and more Now Trending The best Black Friday TV deals from Walmart, Best Buy, Amazon, and more Tesla powers a whole island with solar to show off its energy chops This 5-second video will crash your iPhone This Article has a component height of 14. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Apple US & World Tech Trump says he talked to Tim Cook about building iPhones in the US by Jacob Kastrenakes President-elect Donald Trump says he told Tim Cook in a phone call recently that he intends to get Apple to build its products in the US. “I said, ‘Tim, you know one of the things that will be a real achievement for me is when I get Apple to build... New, 2 comments The Verge merch store is live! by Ross Miller It brings me incredible joy to write this: The Verge merch store is back. Don't believe me? Just go to store.theverge.com right now and see for yourself. Today we’re offering about a half-dozen shirt designs as well as 18 x 24-inch poster of... New, 5 comments Policy & Law Science US & World Trump's NASA looks good for human space exploration and terrible for Earth science by Loren Grush@lorengrush Update November 23rd 2:30PM ET: When this story was originally reported on November 9th, Walker thought he might be on the NASA transition team. He has since told The Verge that he won't be a team member, since he is a lobbyist, but that he hopes... Gaming Watch This Culture This Majora’s Mask fan film is better than most Hollywood video game adaptations by Megan Farokhmanesh@Megan_Nicolett As far as adaptations go, The Legend of Zelda peaked with a questionable cartoon. We’re still holding out hope for a live-action show on Netflix at some point. But absolutely nothing has made us fall harder in love with a reimagining of the iconic... Books Culture 11 science fiction adventures to escape into this Thanksgiving holiday by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak Here’s the scene: your family is coming in from all parts of the country for the big day. It’s great to see everyone, but you honestly would rather deal with them through Facebook this year. You need a quick and easy way to escape the crowd, so... New, 2 comments Apps Tech Telegram launches Telegraph, an anonymous blogging platform by Anisa Purbasari Telegram now has a blogging platform to go along with its popular messaging app. It’s called Telegraph and, according to VentureBeat, offers fast publishing and anonymous posting — without requiring you to register an account or sign in through... Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
PC Gamer News Reviews Hardware Pro Best Of More Magazine Meet the team Newsletter Signup Community Guidelines Affiliate Links Search Microsoft plans for all Windows 10 PCs support HoloLens in 2017 By Paul Lilly A major AR push. Shares At $3,000 for the Development Edition, Microsoft's HoloLens headset is expensive, even compared to the Oculus Rift ($599) and HTC Vive ($799). It's also not as far along as the Rift or Vive in terms of commercial availability and applications. Nevertheless, Microsoft sees a bright future for its AR headset and is committed to making sure all future Windows 10 PCs support mixed reality content. Microsoft's Windows boss Terry Myerson made that clear during Intel's annual developer's conference in which he announced a partnership with the Santa Clara chip maker. "All Windows 10 PCs next year will include a holographic shell," Myserson said, according to The Verge. He added that all PCs running Windows 10 will work with a head-mounted display and support all Windows holographic applications. The support Myerson is talking about will come by way of a Windows update, which will enable mainstream PCs to run the Windows Holographic shell and associated mixed reality and universal Windows applications. Microsoft says it will enable an entirely new experience for multi-tasking in mixed reality, one that blends 2D and 3D apps at the same time while supporting a range of devices. When Microsoft talks of this working on mainstream PCs, it means that even those tiny Intel NUC machines will support the experience. Here's a video of Windows 10 Holographic shell running on a NUC at 90 frames per second. "Intel and Microsoft are collaborating on a specification for mixed reality ready PCs and HMDs. Our shared goal is to enable our hardware partners to build a broad range of devices for the mainstream consumer and business markets. We are working with several partners on the spec today, and plan to publicly release v1 of the spec at the Windows Hardware Engineering Community (WinHEC) conference in Shenzhen in December," Microsoft said in a blog post. Microsoft's push to support HoloLens on all Windows 10 PCs seems focused on productivity at the moment, though it also paves the way for gaming, at least when the price of the headset comes way down. To that end, Microsoft earlier this month called to attention what Legendary was doing in the entertainment space with HoloLens and how it enables fans to get closer and interact with characters in new ways. It seems like a lot of hype the moment, but with Microsoft making a push to support HoloLens on mainstream PCs, things could start to fall into place rather quickly beginning next year. Topics Hardware Augmented Reality Microsoft HoloLens Windows 10 We recommendBy Zergnet Load Comments Recommended The best Black Friday PC gaming deals for 2016 The PC Gamer holiday gift guide Hardware Buying Guides Latest Game Reviews 1 The best controller for PC gaming 2 The best RGB LED Lighting Kit 3 The best wireless gaming mouse 4 The best ATX mid-tower PC cases 5 Recommended PC gaming chairs 1 Hitman: The Complete First Season review 2 Killing Floor 2 review 3 Planet Coaster review 4 Logitech Pro Gaming Mouse review 5 Dishonored 2 review PC Gamer Newsletter Subscribe to get the best content of the week, and great gaming deals, as picked by the editors. No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. PC Gamer is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future US, Inc. One Lombard Street, Suite 200, San Francisco California 94111.
null
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Menu Home Mobiles Reviews Gadgets Features Top 10 Mobiles How to Gadget Finder Menu Tip Us!FacebookTwittergplusYoutube News Mobile Tablet Laptop Computer Gear Gadgets Reviews Features How To Gadget Finder Photos Videos English हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી Home  |  Mobile  |  News  | Intel to develop ARM-based smartphone chips Intel to develop ARM-based smartphone chips By: GizBot Bureau Published: Wednesday, August 17, 2016, 23:00 [IST] Targeting smartphone chipmakers like Qualcomm and potentially Apple, Intel has entered into a new licensing agreement with rival ARM Holdings to produce 10-nanometre ARM chips. South Korean consumer electronics company LG will be one of the first customers to use Intel's new service, the chip giant announced at the ongoing Intel Developer Forum here. SEE ALSO: LEAKED: Xiaomi Mi Note 2 Looks Just Like Samsung Galaxy Note 7: Here Are 8 Things We Know So Far "LG Electronics will produce a world-class mobile platform based on Intel Custom Foundry's 10 nm design platform," said Zane Ball, co-general manager of Intel Custom Foundry at Intel Corporation. Intel Custom Foundry has developed full-featured design platforms on Intel's 22 nm, 14 nm and the forthcoming 10 nm FinFET process. "Our 10 nm technology will provide improvements in transistor scaling and offer new performance, power and cost benefits as well as a wide range of device features to meet different product requirements," Ball added. The 10 nm design platform for foundry customers will now offer access to ARM Artisan physical IP. SEE ALSO: Here's Why LAVA X50 is the most comfortable big screen phone in the market right now "Optimising this technology for Intel's 10 nm process means that foundry customers can take advantage of the IP to achieve best-in-class PPA (power, performance, area) for power-efficient, high-performance implementations of their designs for mobile, IoT and other consumer applications," Bell said. Source IANS Read More About intel | smartphones | chip | lg | news Other articles published on Aug 17, 2016 Please Wait while comments are loading... Official game of 'Force 2' launched Lenovo K6 Power with massive 4,000mAh battery coming to India Apple confirms flaw in iPhone 6 Plus, agrees to repair Featured Posts RECOMMENDEDEDITOR'S PICK 1 million Redmi 3S, Redmi 3S Prime smartphones sold on Flipkart ASUS launches Zenbook 3 ultrabook in India 13th World Robot Olympiad in India for the first time Paytm Now Lets You Use Credit or Debit Card to Pay Shopkeeper Google Releases Android 7.1 Developer Preview 2 for Nexus Devices WhatsApp Rolls Out Video Streaming Feature Letting Users Save Data Buy Google Pixel from Flipkart and Grab a Whopping Rs. 33,000 Discount Airtel Successfully Acquired Aircel’s 4G Spectrum in 8 Circles Reliance Jio Lets You Get Change For Rs. 2,000, Shop Cashless Reliance Jio Scam: FAKE Bill Urges User to Pay Rs. 27,000 Opinion Poll 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers latest mobiles And Tablets Panasonic Eluga Mark 2 HTC 10 evo Zopo Color C1 ZP331 Intex Ultra 2400 Zopo Color C ZP330 Zopo Color C3 Intex Mega 2400 Xiaomi Mi Mix Nano Micromax Canvas Tab P290 iBall Slide Brace X1 4G iBall Slide Brace X1 Mini iBall Slide Brace X1 Asus Zenpad C 7.0 Z170CG Acer Iconia One 7 B1 740 Swipe Slate 8 iBall Slide DD-1GB popular mobile And Tablet Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Redmi 3S Prime Samsung Galaxy Note 7 LeEco Le 2 Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Lenovo Vibe K5 Note Samsung Galaxy J7 (2016) Samsung Galaxy A7 (2016) BlackBerry PlayBook (32GB) Apple iPad 2 Wi-Fi 16GB Sony Xperia Tablet Z LTE Samsung P1000 Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 10.1 P5100 Samsung Google Nexus 10 P8110 (16GB) Apple iPad mini Wi-Fi + Cellular 16GB BlackBerry PlayBook (16GB) X SUBSCRIBE GIZBOT NEWSLETTER Get Latest Technology News From India And Around The World Into Your Inbox Do not Disturb Browse by Category | News | Gadget Finder | Videos | Photos | Features | How To | Mobile | Tablet | Computer | Laptop | Gear | Gadgets Social Followers 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers Sign Up Newsletter Sign up for our daily Newsletter Latest in Mobiles Intex Mega 2400Philips E105Lenovo Phab 2 PlusAsus ZenFone 3 Max ZC520TLPanasonic P71Intex Aqua Power MMicromax X940Videocon Graphite2 V45GDSamsung Galaxy On NxtLYF F1 PlusIntex Aqua Pro 4GVideocon Krypton2 V50GIInFocus F130InFocus F115Swipe Elite 2 Plus Apps | RSS Feeds | Facebook | Twitter | Google Plus | Newsletters | Media | Sitemap | Feedback | Advertise with us | Careers | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd.| Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
Enterprise BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Intel's $25 million man says there are 3 massive changes happening in tech right now Eugene Kim Aug. 17, 2016, 1:56 PM 33,542 facebook linkedin twitter email print Intel president Venkata "Murthy" RenduchintalaIntel Venkata "Murthy" Renduchintala, the high-profile exec Intel paid $25 million to poach from rival Qualcomm, shared the three biggest changes happening in tech during his keynote speech at Intel's annual Developer's Forum on Wednesday. Calling it "the greatest change in tech that’s going to happen to us in decades," Renduchintala laid out his vision for how the increase in connected devices and resulting volume of data, as well as new 5G connectivity, will reshape the tech space: 1) Computing will become more pervasive and ambient: Renduchintala believes computing, through PCs, smartphones, wearables, or even autonomous cars, will only become more pervasive in the coming years. Intel expects to see 50 billion connected devices and 200 billion connected sensors by 2020. These will create massive amounts of data.  2) Massive overhaul in the networks: Because of all the connected devices and resulting data that needs to be processed, the current network environment will need a massive overhaul, Renduchintala believes. That means faster processing and much more sophisticated data analysis capabilities across the board. That'll make the entire network faster, more secure, and more efficient. 3) 5G connectivity: Renduchintala believes the upcoming 5G connection will be the "lifeblood" binding everything together. He believes the shift to 5G will be as profound as the move from analog to digital, and will only make everything more intelligent, scalable, and secure. Renduchintala's vision is, of course, almost identical to where Intel's trying to take its business. Intel has been struggling to deal with the shrinking PC market, historically the largest revenue driver for the company. With its PC chip revenue declining, Intel has been putting more of its resources toward building connected devices, as well as network and data center chips, while touting the upcoming 5G connected world. Renduchintala's keynote was also notable because it was his first external public presentation since joining Intel last year. And it seems like people were impressed by his speech, as seen from industry analyst Patrick Moorhead's tweet: Murthy doing well on-stage. Fun, different to hear him talk about experiences driven by PCs and datacenter. #IDF16 pic.twitter.com/DcXeHbldpS — Patrick Moorhead (@PatrickMoorhead) August 17, 2016 SEE ALSO: After announcing plans to cut 12,000 people, here's what Intel's CEO says he wants to do next NOW WATCH: This hidden iPhone feature will boost your reception Loading video... Follow Digital Industry Insider and never miss an update! Get updates in your Facebook news feed. Get updates in your inbox. Privacy Policy Get updates in your inbox Subscribe to Digital Industry Insider and never miss an update! Privacy Policy More: Intel Murthy Renduchintala Digital Industry Insider facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Intel's $25 million man says there are 3 massive changes happening in tech right now Intel's $25 million man says there are 3 massive changes happening in tech right now Venkata "Murthy" Renduchintala, the... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Enterprise Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Enterprise Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self NBA legend David Robinson: "Think about all the things your grandfather did with $100." Read Robinson's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Trending: Video preview: Smart cities tour! SharePoint 2013 cheat sheet Video: Holiday gift guide 2016 Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. First look: Visual Studio for Mac is here at last, almost Windows 10 quick tips: Get the most out of Cortana 6 ex-CIOs reveal lessons learned, biggest regrets Ultimate guide to setting up a small business Wi-Fi network More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Gamification Home Tech Location-Based Services Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) Business Process Management (BPM) CRM Collaboration Content/Document Management Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software Integration Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Data Center High-Performance Computing (HPC) News Intel's Knights Mill mega-chip to take on GPUs in A.I. Intel's Knights Mill chip will be available for servers and workstations in 2017 By Agam Shah | Follow U.S. Correspondent, IDG News Service | Aug 17, 2016 10:57 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. More like this Intel's megachips will take on Nvidia's GPUs and Google's TPUs Intel tunes its mega-chip for machine learning Lack of a high-quality GPU may hold Intel back on A.I. and VR Video Mingis on Tech: From superfast SSDs to Bluetooth locks and solar shingles Intel has pulled open the curtain on a secretly developed mega-chip called Knights Mill, a key component in its artificial-intelligence strategy. The chip, which belongs to the family of high-performance Xeon Phi processors, gives Intel a legitimate opportunity to tackle machine learning. It is targeted at servers and workstations and will be available in 2017. Intel was caught off-guard with the emergence of artificial intelligence as a way to analyze and present data. Knights Mill, introduced on Wednesday at the Intel Developer Forum, will fill a big hole in the company's chip lineup. Knights Mill is a "next generation" Xeon Phi chip, said Diane Bryant, executive vice president and general manager of Intel's Data Center Group, during a keynote at IDF. Based on what Intel has said so far, the chip will have stacked memory and fast throughput, but more detailed information won't be revealed for a while. It's a new kind of Xeon Phi chip, and it won't succeed the recent Knights Landing supercomputing chip. The goal with Knights Mill is to create a chip that can calculate quickly and make decisions based on probabilities and associations, said Jason Waxman, corporate vice president and general manager of Intel’s Data Center Solutions Group, in an interview. The chips will have many cores and will make approximations using learning models and algorithms, Waxman said. The new chip is not to be confused with Intel's next-generation supercomputing chip called Knights Hill, which doesn't have a release date yet. The Knights Mill chip won't upset the release of Knights Hill, which was first outlined in late 2014 and will succeed the recent Knights Landing chip, which has up to 72 cores and was released earlier this year. With Knights Mill, Intel finally has a chip to take on the dominance of Nvidia's GPUs in machine learning, which allow software to be trained to do tasks like image recognition and  data analysis more efficiently. Google has also developed its own Tensor Processing Unit (TPU), which is used alongside GPUs in machine learning. But there's a difference between Knights Mill and competitive chips. Knights Mill will be a primary chip, meaning it will be able to boot up computers. That will give it an advantage over Google's TPU and Nvidia's GPU, which are co-processors and still need CPUs to work in servers or workstations. The chip also gives a big boost to Intel's A.I. strategy, which is still coming together. Intel last week announced plans to acquire Nervana Systems, which offers deep-learning software and chip technology, for an estimated $350 million. The Nervana acquisition brings talent, intellectual property and also most importantly, software, which will be optimized to work with Knights Mill, Waxman said. High-performance chips typically focus on double-precision performance for more accurate calculations, but Knights Mill is designed differently. The chip's cores focus on "low precision calculations," which can be stringed together for approximations that can help the chip make a decision. The low-precision calculations help create powerful, and power-efficient, neural network clusters. The Knights Mill design also brings more floating point performance to calculations, which is important in machine learning, Waxman said. Intel is advancing its A.I. roadmap at a frantic pace, and Knights Mill is a leap forward, Waxman said. Many machine learning models are being used in data centers. Beyond its homegrown software stack, Intel could make Xeon Phi compatible with different machine-learning models like the open-source Caffe and Google's TensorFlow. Intel has shown a willingness to collaborate. Intel is working with Baidu on a "Deep Speech" speech recogntion technology with its Xeon Phi platform, Waxman said. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: High Performance Computing (HPC) Computer Processors Computer Hardware 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Shop Tech Products at Amazon You Might Like Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like China builds world’s fastest supercomputer without U.S. chips China's Sunway TaihuLight theoretical peak performance is 124.5 petaflops. Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis This sortable chart lets you compare dozens of tools for functionality, skill level and more. Windows 10 Anniversary Update: A guide to the builds The Windows 10 Anniversary Update is due this summer -- but if you don’t want to wait, you can install... Popular Resources Video/Webcast Sponsored 3 Tips to Deliver Fast Performance Across Mobile Web White Paper Big Data for Good: Using Data & Analytics to Benefit Society (And Make Money) White Paper Closing the Customer-Experience Gap with Digital-Performance Management Video/Webcast Sponsored From 0 to DevOps in 80 Days: Lessons Learned Moving from On-Prem to Cloud Native White Paper Harnessing the Three Forms of Big Data Analytics Innovation Go Top Stories Pelosi says UC IT workers are in ‘untenable position’ House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi is urging the University of California to drop plans to send some... Voting security experts tell Clinton to demand recount Hillary Clinton, the apparent loser in the recent U.S. presidential race, should ask for voting... Holiday shopping by mobile phone? Beware fake apps and bad Wi-Fi hotspots The smartphone risk is higher this year than in 2015. There are more active cyber criminals and many... On first day in office, Trump to attack visas that 'undercut the American President-elect Donald Trump on Monday sent out the strongest signal yet that the H-1B visa program is... Sponsored Links INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 1994 - 2016 Computerworld, Inc. All rights reserved. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Hey techbros, make an airplane mode but for driving for your apps – US traffic watchdog USS Zumwalt gets Panama tug job after yet another breakdown Visa cries foul over Euro regulator's stronger authentication demands Sorry, iPhone fans – only Fandroids get Barclays' tap-to-withdraw Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH HPE core servers and storage under pressure Stay out of my server room! Dell EMC's Pure-crushing benchmarks are flawed, says, er, Pure NetComm kicked to the curb by nbn™ for fibre-not-quite-to-the-home Hey techbros, make an airplane mode but for driving for your apps – US traffic watchdog AWS to launch Aurora service for PostgreSQL at re:Invent – report Obama awards honours to Grace Hopper, Margaret Hamilton for computing contributions Microsoft still working to fix Outlook sync issues Visa cries foul over Euro regulator's stronger authentication demands Sorry, iPhone fans – only Fandroids get Barclays' tap-to-withdraw Comcast is the honey badger of ISPs – injects pop-ups into browsers, doesn't give a fsck Deliver-oops! Takeaway pusher's customers burger-ed by hijackers The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Continuous Lifecycle 2017: Ten days to tell us how DevOps really works Puppet pulls in (almost) former Cisco exec to head EMEA Put down the org chart, snowflake: Why largile's for management crybabies Infrastructure as code: The road to continuous everything Policy The Channel Fibre pushers get UK budget tax reprieve Surprise, surprise. BT the only Universal Service Obligation provider in town Gov's industrial strategy: 'Look, we've changed the words above our door' Euro Patent office staff call again for King Battistelli regicide Microsoft's nerd goggles will run on a toaster Speaking in Tech: 'You idiot - you could've done that in 3 clicks' HTC and OnePlus spruce up flagships for Santa's sack Allow us to sum this up: UK ISP Plusnet minus net for nine-plus hours SPB Geek's Guide LAKE OF frozen WATER THE SIZE OF NEW MEXICO FOUND ON MARS – NASA New state of matter discovered by superconductivity gurus International Space Station celebrates 18th birthday in true style – by setting trash on fire NASA trying to rein in next-generation super-heavy lifter costs Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things 2016. AI boffins picked a hell of a year to train a neural net by making it watch the news AI is all trendy and fun – but it's still a long way from true intelligence, Facebook boffins admit MP Kees Verhoeven wants EU to regulate the Internet of S**t Dyn Dyn Dyn – we have a buyer: Oracle gobbles Internet of Things DDoS victim Verity Stob USS Zumwalt gets Panama tug job after yet another breakdown Reg man 0: Japanese electronic toilet 1 Twitter bans own CEO Jack Dorsey from Twitter Trial date set for Brit police 'copter coppers over spying-on-doggers claims More like this Intel Data Center Networks Light at the end of Intel's Silicon Photonics: 100Gbps network tech finally shipping, sorta Long-awaited tech 'now available in volume' ... kinda Photonics podule ... Diane Bryant holds up one of the gizmos 17 Aug 2016 at 17:51, Chris Williams Chris Williams Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Windows 10, Arm, Apple, Intel, Microsoft Recent Articles Today the web was broken by countless hacked devices – your 60-second summary AMD is a rounding error on Intel's spreadsheet and that sucks for us all Intel stock falls on glum Q4 IDF16 Intel is beginning volume shipments of its fabled Silicon Photonics networking technology, which uses light through thin glass fibers to replace copper wires. This tech can shuttle up to 100Gbps over 2km or more of cable that's just a few millimeters thick, creating a high-speed nervous-system for clusters and data centers. As its name suggests, Silicon Photonics uses patterned silicon to emit and receive precisely aligned data-carrying laser signals. These devices can be fabricated just like normal CMOS chips, meaning they should be relatively cheap and easy to make at high volumes. The dream is to embed this technology into processors and chipsets so they can shift data directly from their internal buses to external networks. That's the ultimate goal. Right now, though, we're just being offered discrete transceivers. You can basically whack a load of Intel's PSM4 and CWDM4 Silicon Photonics modules into a switch, or similar, and use them to network with other Silicon Photonics-equipped boxes, effectively running 100G Ethernet between devices. This technology has been in development for about 16 years. Module ... What Intel's transceivers look like up close Today we learned that these modules have been shipping to selected customers since June. Microsoft, for one, has been playing with the technology in its Azure data centers, we're told. Diane Bryant, Intel's data center group boss, showed off one of these podules on stage at Chipzilla's developer forum in San Francisco. "Electrons running over network cables won’t cut it," she told the keynote audience this morning. "We are the first to light up silicon.” According to Intel veep Alexis Bjorlin: Intel Silicon Photonics is now in volume production and shipping in the form of 100G optical transceivers. The products, Intel Silicon Photonics 100G PSM4 (Parallel Single Mode fiber 4-lane) and Intel Silicon Photonics 100G CWDM4 (Coarse Wavelength Division Multiplexing 4-lane) are small form-factor, high speed, and low power consumption products, targeted for use in data communications applications, in particular for switch-to-switch optical interconnects in data centers. "Today, these products are already being deployed to connect switches to switches in large data centers," Bjorlin added. "In the future, as bandwidth to the server increases, the optical network will connect servers, displacing the copper interconnects that are increasingly limited in reach as bandwidth goes up." You can find some more info on the PSM4 here, and the CWDM4 here. From what we can tell, these are components for switch builders to create 100GbE devices – they don't come with PCIe interfaces or similar, in other words. As we mentioned earlier, this tech has been in development for years, and not just by Intel. Uni boffins and businesses, including IBM, have been working on silicon photonics. Meanwhile, of course, networking gear makers like Mellanox have 100Gbps Ethernet hardware that runs over 2km of cable, too. ® PS: We nicked the headline from our sister site The Next Platform, which has more background on Silicon Photonics here. Sponsored: The state of mobile security maturity Tips and corrections 6 Comments More from The Register Intel fabs to churn out 10nm ARM chips for LG smartphones next year IDF16 2016 is just full of surprises, isn't it? 32 Comments Intel soundlessly emits Broadwell Xeon E5-4600 v4 quad-socket chips She's built like an E5 but handles like an E7 Intel loses its ARM wrestling match, kicks out Atom mobe chips The Broxton, SoFIA terminator says 'I'll be back ... with 5G modems' 87 Comments Latest Intel, AMD chips will only run Windows 10 ... and Linux, BSD, OS X Water cooler El Reg answers your questions while you wait for make all to finish 156 Comments Alert after Intel Skylake chips, mobo sockets 'warp under coolers' In brief Watch out for third-party heavy heat sinks 49 Comments Intel chips in with blockchain code for Hyperledger Partners gather around the Big Blue Linux block 6 Comments Whitepapers Build scalable and secure public cloud services Based on the industry-leading products and technologies your customers demand, Red Hat provides a complete set of platforms, tools, and software components you need to build a scalable, agile, and secure cloud services infrastructure. Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Securing Productivity in the Borderless Enterprise Before you transform your business with mobility services, you need to consider both the management and security challenges you’ll face from the combination of mobile devices and cloud-based apps. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Most read LAKE OF frozen WATER THE SIZE OF NEW MEXICO FOUND ON MARS – NASA Twitter bans own CEO Jack Dorsey from Twitter Emulating x86: Microsoft builds granny flat into Windows 10 Irish eyes are crying: Tens of thousands of broadband modems wide open to hijacking Google declares victory for its Wifi router before it's even shipped Spotlight Facebook Telecom Infrastructure Project starts chucking rocks at mobile model Fire alarm sparked data centre meltdown emergency Will rush for New Radio compromise 5G quality? BT will HATE us for this one weird 5G trick WAN, bam, thank you... oh @£$%. We've gone dead. Drop the burger. RUUUUUN! HPE core servers and storage under pressure NetApp's regeneration could be deep surgery or anti-wrinkle cream Iguazio: Made from Kia parts but faster than a Ferrari with 1,000 drivers Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
null
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables Editors' Choice All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path WalmartBlackFriday TargetBlackFriday BestBuyBlackFriday PS4BlackFridayDeals ToysRUsBlackFriday Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Consumer Electronics/ Robotics/ Drones/ Intel's Drone Aspirations Take Flight With Project Aero Intel's Drone Aspirations Take Flight With Project Aero By Matthew Murray August 17, 2016 10:10am EST 10 Comments Project Aero opens the door to entirely new possibilities with drones. VIEW ALL PHOTOS IN GALLERY SAN FRANCISCO—At the Intel Developer Forum (IDF) here this week, Intel has done a lot to shed its processor-focused image, most notably with its Project Alloy "merged reality" initiative. But in case that's too earthbound for the company (and for you), Intel made another announcement that should really get things flying: Project Aero. Rather than a specific product, Aero is a platform on which developers can build any kind of drone they can conceive. The playing-card-size Aero device is based on a quad-core Atom processor, and offers the storage, communications, and I/O capabilities needed for any drone. An optional Vision Accessory Kit gives the device the ability to run applications as needed. The Aero compute board is currently available for purchase for $399 at click.intel.com. Those who are feeling less adventurous have another option. The Aero Ready To Fly Drone is a preassembled quadcopter based on Aero that also incorporates an Intel RealSense camera to give it what the company calls "depth and vision capabilities." Plug-and-play options make it easy to adapt the Ready To Fly drone to other usages, and include flight control, vision, and airspace service. According to Intel, the Ready To Fly Drone will be available by the end of the year. VIEW ALL PHOTOS IN GALLERY In a specially designed "Drone Cage" established on the second floor of the Moscone Center, Intel held multiple demonstrations throughout the day of the Ready To Fly Drone in action. Though limited space precluded the possibility of any fancy aerial tricks, the (obviously experienced) drone pilot showed how the Ready To Fly model was just as flexible and maneuverable as larger models. Considering this was the base platform model, it stands to reason that creative and enterprising developers will be able to spin off Aero into even more visually and technologically exciting directions in the months to come. VIEW ALL PHOTOS IN GALLERY Back to top Previous : No-Fly Zones Restrict DJI Drones at Rio Olympics Parrot's Disco Is a Fixed-Wing Consumer Drone for $1,300 Next : By Matthew Murray Managing Editor, Hardware Matthew Murray got his humble start leading a technology-sensitive life in elementary school, where he struggled to satisfy his ravenous hunger for computers, computer games, and writing book reports in Integer BASIC. He earned his B.A. in Dramatic Writing at Western Washington University, where he also minored in Web design and German. He has been building computers for himself and others for more than 20 years, and he spent several years working in IT and helpdesk capacities before escaping into the far more exciting world... More » More Stories by Matthew Maingear, Unikrn Bet on PC Gaming's Future PC maker Maingear and e-sports betting service Unikrn join forces; PCMag sits down with their CEOs t... More » Nvidia Unveils GeForce GTX 1050 GPUs The 1050 and 1050 Ti are expected to hit shelves next week. More » Zotac Zbox Magnus EN980 The Zotac Zbox Magnus EN980 is designed to facilitate VR gaming in the living room. At this, it succ... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles 7 Things Not to Buy Before Black Friday Hands On With Snapchat Spectacles 9 Shows to Watch if You Love Westworld How Stoners Are Getting High (Tech) How to Capture Video Clips in Windows 10 10 Games Every Sony PlayStation 4 Player Needs »See More //Related Reviews DJI Phantom 4 DJI Inspire 1 DJI Phantom 3 Professional DJI Phantom 3 Standard The Best Drones of 2016 //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
null
Gadgets Software Hardware Mobile Phones Internet Apple Features Everything Else Search ADVERTISE SPONSORED POSTS ABOUT US PRIVACY CONTACT US Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. TechShout Gadgets Software Hardware Mobile Phones Internet Apple Features Everything Else Home Gadgets Intel’s Project Alloy is a wireless VR headset for merged reality experiences Gadgets Intel’s Project Alloy is a wireless VR headset for merged reality experiences By Bindu Nair - Intel has officially entered the world of virtual reality with its very own VR headset called Project Alloy. The Head-Mounted Device (HMD) promises merged reality experiences which blur the line between the real and the virtual. Project Alloy is set apart from the likes of the Oculus Rift by virtue of being completely untethered. All its computing power is derived from inside the headset itself, which means people won’t have to deal with or be limited by wires. There aren’t even any controllers to go with it since their hands can be used to interact with elements of the virtual environment thanks to Intel’s RealSense technology. Such a merged reality scenario is possible because of the in-built Intel RealSense 3D cameras, getting rid of the need to set up external sensors or lenses around a room. The company has even put up an intriguing demonstration of the device’s AR and VR potential in a video. In it, a person walks into a party where people interact with them in a realistic manner. They can walk in any direction, use their hands to pick up a drink, and even pause the proceedings to move people around. It’s an interesting concept and could take the current crop of VR games to the next level. Also Read: Intel’s new 10-core CPU costs more than $1700 Intel has also announced its collaboration with Microsoft to out a set of specifications for mixed reality PCs and head-mounted displays. The latter is currently working on its Windows Holographic Shell for developers to run and make mixed reality applications. The platform is set to arrive for all Windows 10 PCs next year. It’ll allow all VR and AR headsets, including Microsoft’s own HoloLens, to run 2D and 3D apps. Meanwhile, Intel is planning to release the Project Alloy hardware and open APIs to developers and partners in 2017. TAGS Intel Microsoft Project Alloy VR headsets SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleLeEco, Coolpad out Cool 1 Dual with 13MP dual cameras, 4060mAh battery Next articleXiaomi Redmi 4, Mi Note 2 images surface online Bindu Nair RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR TomTom Touch, Spark 3, Adventurer land in India Snapchat’s selling its Spectacles via Minion-like vending machines Xiaomi Mi Sports Bluetooth Headset, Mi Portable Mouse, Air Mask launched 246,328FansLike 13,732FollowersFollow 13,138SubscribersSubscribe ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT © TechShout.com 2016
null
Skip to main content CRN Home Page   The Channel Company Menu Home News Companies Company News CRN CLOSEUPS AT&T AlienVault Commvault Connectwise Juniper Networks Ruckus Wireless Tintri Slideshows Video Blogs Reviews CRN 360 Authentication Cloud Backup & Recovery Cloud Services Cloud Software Cloud Vars Current Threats Cyber Security Endpoint Security Enterprise Opportunities Network Security SD-WAN SMB & Midmarket Opportunities Threat Management Wireless for SMBs How-to Research Lists Events Learning Centers Dell EMC World Special Issue 100 People You Should Know Showcase Cloud Partner Program Guide Showcase Future of Mobility Solutions Cylance Security Learning Center Easy Connect Managed Hybrid Server Center Digital Innovation Together Cloud Security Learning Center Data Fabric Learning Center Security Delivery Platform Learning Center IOT SOLUTION PROVIDER Webroot Learning Center Business Compute Forum StorageCraft Recover-ability Women of the Channel Jobs Technologies Apps & OS Application Development Business Intelligence and Analytics Collaboration and Communications Database and System Software Enterprise Applications Open Source Operating systems SMB Applications Software as a Service Channel Distribution Enterprise Opportunities Mergers and Acquisitions Professional Services SMB/Midmarket Opportunities Vertical Opportunities Cloud Cloud Channel Programs Cloud Infrastructure Cloud Platforms Cloud Security Cloud Software Cloud Storage Cloud VARs Components & Peripherals CPUs/GPUs Digital Signage/Monitors Hard Drives Motherboards Printers White Box Data Center Network/Systems Management Power/Heating and Cooling Servers Internet of Things Managed Services Mobility Desktop/Clients Notebooks Smart phones Tablets Ultrabooks Wearables Networking Routers and Switches Telecom VOIP and Unified Communications Video Wireless Security Access Control Application and Platform Security Current Threats Data Breaches Data Protection Technologies Network Security Threat Management Storage Data Protection/Disaster Recovery Networked Storage Storage Services Storage software Virtualization Holiday Gift Guide 2016: 25 Gadgets That Make Great Gifts For Techies          * Black Friday 2016: Top Laptop, Tablet And PC Deals          * The Top 10 Best-Selling Chromebooks In 2016 Q3          * Black Friday 2016: 25 Best Tech Deals          * CRN Exclusive: HPE CEO Whitman On Cisco's 'Weakness,' the Arista Partner Opportunity, Server Sales Issues, And The Starboard Value Investment In HPE          * Here Are The 8 Best-Selling Networking Switch Brands In Q3 2016          * 12 Things To Know About Presidio's IPO Filing           * The Best And Worst Channel Company Stocks In The Third Quarter Of 2016          * Tweet Intel Developer Forum: 10 Internet of Things Applications Bringing In The Money byLindsey O'Donnell on August 17, 2016, 10:56 am EDT Email this CRN article Pages 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 next › last » Internet of Things Takes Center Stage At IDF At the Intel Developer Forum, which kicked off this week in San Francisco, the Internet of Things was at the forefront in a conference typically devoted to desktop processors. "The Internet of Things need needs computing at the end, in the middle and in the cloud – and we believe Intel technology will make all of this possible," said CEO Brian Krzanich during his keynote. Intel's investment in IoT was most apparent on its product show floor, which was dominated by OEM partners, system integrators and solution providers who were showing off how they have successfully deployed Internet of Things solutions using Intel technology and working with other vendors. Following are 10 cool Internet of Things applications. Pages 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 next › last » Email this CRN article Featured IN Holiday Gift Guide 2016 Wearable devices, wireless headphones and smart kitchen appliances are among the CRN-recommended gifts for this holiday season. itbestofbreed.com More Clients Shell Out For New Network Equipment, Report Says Talk Back On LinkedIn: Health Insurance Costs Raising Your Blood Pressure? Dell EMC Partners Fear Cuts In Rebates As Unified Channel Program Nears Does The Buyer's Process Block You From A Sale? Blog Roundup: Taking Stock Of IT In Stores Channel Opportunity: Schools' Shift To Personalized Learning Norton Exec Sees Partner Opportunities From Symantec-LifeLock Deal More MORE ABOUT CRN: Latest Issue | Subscribe | Newsletters | Contact | Reprints & Licensing | Media Kit | Site Map | Terms of Service | Privacy Statement | Copyright © 2016 The Channel Company, All rights reserved
mirrorLoad mobile navigation News UK News World News Weird News Crime Real Life Stories Health MotoringExpand Politics Sport Football Formula 1 Boxing Cricket Horse Racing Row Zed Rugby Union Other Sports Athletics Cycling Darts MMA WrestlingExpandExpand Football Celebs Celebrity News US Gossip Fashion & Beauty Weird Celeb NewsExpand TV & Film Weird News Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Quizzes Sign inSign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Offers Fantasy Bingo Dating Jobs BuySell Competitions Horoscopes Cartoons Crosswords BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited Home Technology Intel Corporation Technology Intel unveils 'merged reality' headset that lets you bring real-life objects into the virtual world Intel brings real life to virtual worlds with new "merged reality" goggles  Share  Comments ByAlphr .com 17:52, 17 AUG 2016 Updated17:53, 17 AUG 2016 Technology Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to playTap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in  Share this video Watch Next  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email Intel has unveiled a virtual-reality headset capable of bringing real-life objects into virtual worlds. Dubbed a "merged reality" device, Intel's Project Alloy sounds like something straight out of a science-fiction novel, allowing the wearer to see their hands and other objects in virtual worlds and environments. Project Alloy works by using Intel’s RealSense depth-sensing cameras - the same ones used in Windows 10 laptops and computers for facial-recognition systems. These cameras can accurately capture and map a user's hands, and place them into the virtual space. Merging this with a virtual world on the headset's screen, wearers can use their hands to physically interact with their environment. During Project Alloy's unveiling at the Intel Developer Forum in San Francisco, Intel's CEO Brian Krzanich claimed the device would, "redefine what is possible with computing". From footage shown on stage, it's clear that Intel's RealSense camera can pick up low-resolution scans of real-life objects to import into a virtual space. It's also evident that objects are only detected when held close to a user's face. Still, as a Medium post by Krzanich points out , the technology does have advantages over the likes of Oculus Rift or HTC Vive , which require users to install and setup sensors to capture a room for positional tracking. Here, Intel’s headset does the heavy lifting itself, using depth-sensing cameras to work out your position within a given space. Project Alloy is like Microsoft's HoloLens , in that it's a completely wireless system. This has its advantages, such as never becoming tangled in a wire or being "jolted" out of an experience due to the limitations of a cord. However, by processing everything onboard, it's unlikely that Intel's Project Alloy will be able to replicate the silky smooth experience of a proper VR headset running on a high-end PC. If anything, it will be more akin to Samsung’s Gear VR headset. It's also hard to imagine exactly what something like Project Alloy would feel like, without controllers. Krzanich describes a scenario where you "pick up your real-world tennis racket in your living room and step virtually onto the court at Wimbledon… fully lean into practicing your back swing – bringing both your hand and racket into the virtual field of play.” While that approach to play may work for Krzanich and his tennis-court-sized living room, most of us would be a little nervous about swinging a full-sized tennis racket around our houses. Intel isn't looking to actually manufacture Project Alloy itself. Instead, it wants to ensure it doesn't miss out on a vital new market like it did with the rise of the smartphone. Intel plans to sell its Alloy technology to manufacturing partners who can use it to develop their own "mixed reality" products. Currently, nobody has been named as working with Intel on the headset, but Microsoft has stated that Windows 10 will soon support Alloy via an update. This article was brought to you by Alphr.com Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @MirrorTech Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Samsung Inc. Microsoft Intel Corporation Intel Developer Forum Smartphones tech all Most Read Most Recent TechnologyThousands of women confess to wanting virtual reality SEX as techy toys become mainstream Over two thousand British women have given their thoughts on the ways technology will improve their sexual fulfillment Black FridayBest tech Black Friday deals 2016: Our pick of the top UK offers on gadgets, gaming and consumer electronics Black Friday takes place on November 25 - here are some of this year's best tech bargains TechnologyPokémon Go finally releases Ditto - and you could have caught it already The little purple blob Pokémon has been missing since the game's release Black FridayWhere to find the best Playstation deals online on Black Friday 2016 Have you got your eye on anything in particular for Black Friday? Here's where to find the best deals on Playstation consoles, games and VR headsets Sex toysCrowdfunded VIBRATOR is going where no sex toy has gone before The Fin vibrator is "small, simple and powerful" - but you'll find it in a very unusual place Black FridayGoogle 'Popular Times' feature helps shoppers beat the crowds on Black Friday weekend Google has rolled out a new feature allowing bargain hunters to check how busy shops are on Black Friday HyperloopHyperloop construction begins in Las Vegas as futuristic transport system takes shape The full-scale prototype is called DevLoop and could transport passengers at up to 760mph Black FridayBest smartphone deals for Black Friday 2016 - the top bargains on iPhone and Android phones There's a lot to get your head around on Black Friday - but if you want a new phone then this is the only thing you should be reading Black FridayBest tech Black Friday deals 2016: Our pick of the top UK offers on gadgets, gaming and consumer electronics Black Friday takes place on November 25 - here are some of this year's best tech bargains MarsGigantic underground ice lake discovered on MARS - could it be hiding alien life? Using high tech equipment orbiting the red planet, experts discovered an ice deposit six times larger than Wales beneath the surface Most Read Most Recent TechnologyThousands of women confess to wanting virtual reality SEX as techy toys become mainstream Over two thousand British women have given their thoughts on the ways technology will improve their sexual fulfillment TV NewsRevealed! The reason why Gogglebox star Reverend Kate Bottley hasn't been on the Channel 4 show for weeks The vicar, who lives in Blyth, is known for her frequent appearances on Channel 4's hit series Gogglebox UK NewsWoman may have lain dead in bedroom for months while family carried on living as normal Inside the house of horrors were a host of animals including a pair of tarantulas, rats, a rabbit, a blind cat and a three-legged sheepdog Celebrity NewsX Factor's Brian Friedman 'confirms' Cheryl's pregnancy with Liam Payne The ITV show's creative director says it's "fantastic" news World newsWorld's tallest waterslide to be demolished after 10-year-old boy decapitated in freak accident Caleb Thomas Schwab died on the 168-foot-tall ride at the Schlitterbahn waterpark in August   Autumn StatementChancellor Philip Hammond's bad jokes fall flat as he pokes fun at Boris Johnson's Brexit bid for PM Unlike his predecessor George Osborne - who would quip to his heart's content - the new Chancellor's 'mini-budget' speech was short on laughs, punchlines and soundbites Champions LeagueBorussia Monchengladbach 0-0 Manchester City LIVE score and goal updates from the Champions League Join us for all the action from Germany as Man City look to book their spot in the next round FIFA 17Rejoice FIFA 17 players! EA finally release an official penalties tutorial with basic and advanced tips Never miss a penalty again* by watching this video. *We cannot guarantee you will never miss a penalty again Champions LeagueCeltic vs Barcelona 0-0 LIVE: Score and goal updates from the Champions League clash Follow every kick from Celtic Park right here as Luis Enrique's Barcelona line up against the Scottish champions Breast cancerPrince Charles admits: 'I've never tried cutting a BRA before' - as he slices cake at charity bash The future King raised laughter from charity supporters at St James’s Palace as he cut the cake decorated with a bright pink bra Top Stories UK NewsMum slams 'soft' sentence handed to man who punched her baby in Tesco saying: 'he could've killed her' Amy Duckers, 27, said she was "totally p***ed off" after David Hardy, 63, walked free with just a fine for thumping little Elsie Rose Temple Autumn Statement6 ways the Autumn Statement just made you poorer It was meant to help hard working families, the people just about managing, but these 6 policies mean the Autumn Statement just made you poorer HorsesRider gets stuck on horse for one and-a-half HOURS and needs team of 20 to get her off Police officers, ambulance crews and the fire service helped to lift Hannah Faithfull on to a gurney after her hips became stuck while she was out riding Child abuseFormer Manchester City and England star David White becomes latest ex-footballer to allege child sex abuse White is the fourth player to make such claims, following former Crewe duo Andy Woodward and Steve Walters, and ex-Spurs forward Paul Stewart MoneyArgos' embarrassing blunder as Macbook goes online with crazy price People were eager to try their luck when they spotted Argos was flogging a high-end product for such a small sum UK NewsJo Cox's gutless Nazi killer asks to speak after five months of silence - but judge says no Interview footage shows how Thomas Mair sat in silence with his arms folded when questioned in the hours after his arrest before refusing to give evidence in court Champions LeagueBorussia Monchengladbach vs Manchester City: Goal updates from the Champions League - LIVE Join us for all the action from Germany as Man City look to book their spot in the next round Autumn StatementSalary sacrifice scrapped: Philip Hammond hands working Britons a £260m pay cut Millions of Britons will see their take home pay fall after a series of cuts mean the cost of workplace benefits could DOUBLE Murder trialMother-of-three had sex with best friend's teenage son the night before she was allegedly murdered, court hears Mother of then of then 19-year-old was said to be very angry with the 37-year-old and was seeking retribution, the jury was told UK NewsWoman may have lain dead in bedroom for months while family carried on living as normal Inside the house of horrors were a host of animals including a pair of tarantulas, rats, a rabbit, a blind cat and a three-legged sheepdog SuicideFootball club director found hanged off stadium roof by three children arriving for training in morning The managing director had been worried about the club's finances in the months leading up to his death, which occurred the day after he had a meeting to try to secure new sponsorship Autumn StatementAutumn Statement 2016: The winners and losers revealed Philip Hammond scaled back Universal Credit cuts and banned letting fees - but who are the real winners? Find out here News Politics Football Sport Celebs TV & Film Weird News Quizzes Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Motoring Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
null
  Processors PC Cases Video Cards Motherboards Storage Mobile Memory Cooling Misc News Home | Forum | Shop | RSS Search Legit Reviews News  New Intel Core i7-6950X Overclocking WR on ASUS ROG Rampage V Edition 10 Board New Intel Core i7-6950X Overclocking WR on ASUS ROG Rampage V Edition 10 Board Posted by Nathan Kirsch | Wed, Aug 17, 2016 - 11:59 AM Yesterday at the Intel Developer Forum (IDF) in San Francisco Legit Reviews was able to attend an overclocking session that was put on by Intel, ASUS and G.Skill. During the session Jon ‘Elmor’ Sandstrom was able to break the World Record for the highest CPU clock frequency on the Intel Core i7-6950X processor. Elmor was able to overclock the Intel Core i7-6950X processor up to 5731.78MHz on one of the 10 processor cores. Elmor used the recently released ASUS ROG Rampage V Edition 10 motherboard and a good amount of Liquid Nitrogen (LN2) to reach this epic overclock that is validated. This is almost double the base clock frequency of this specific processor and shows just how far you can push an Intel Core i7-6950X processor if you have the right hardware. Hitting frequencies this high on a Core i7-6950X are the usually the result of cherry picking processors though, so don’t expect to be able to repeat this at home with a single off the shelf processor. Prior to this the overclocking record was 5726.84MHz and was turned in by slamms on an ASUS Rampage V Edition 10 motherboard as well. YOUDIEMOFO Siiiiiiiiiiiiick…..! Check out LegitReviews' Polls on LockerDome on LockerDome Tweets by @LegitReviews Explore Editorial Events Interviews News Forum Folding Shop Content Bluetooth Cooling Editorial Events Interviews Memory Misc Mobile Mods and Ends Motherboards News PC Cases Power Supply Press Releases Processors Reviews Storage Video Cards About Contact Us Disclaimer About Us Follow Us         Copyright © 2002-2016 LegitReviews.com - All Rights Reserved.  
PhoneDog Android And Me TmoNews NEW Official Smartphone Rankings, Vote NOW! TodaysiPhone.com The source for news, reviews, and articles surrounding Apple. Navigation Home News / Articles App Reviews Accessory Reviews Podcast TiP Us Join the TiP team HOT TOPICS: iPhone 7 macOS Sierra iOS 10 watchOS 3 Apple Music You are here: Home > Intel says USB-C is ‘the right connector’ as Apple is expected to go Lightning for audio Intel says USB-C is ‘the right connector’ as Apple is expected to go Lightning for audio August 17, 2016 Peter Cao Leave a comment With Apple more than likely dropping the 3.5mm headphone jack in favor of Lightning for audio in the iPhone 7, Intel is now improving the USB-C spec to provide audio throughput. The company also suggests that Apple is making the wrong move using Lightning for audio. Via CNET, Intel has announced it will be adding digital audio to the USB-C spec later this year. At the Intel Developer Forum in San Francisco on Tuesday, Intel architects Brad Saunders and Rahman Ismail sketched out a coming USB audio standard that could help push the 3.5mm jack aside. The new specification, due this quarter, adds features to ensure a USB headphone doesn’t drain too much battery power and defines how buttons for pausing music or lowering volume work. The work “will really make USB Type-C the right connector for audio,” Saunders said. The company is also adding a new video standard to USB-C, to incorporate HDMI. However, this video standard will not provide the frame rate required to play games. More notably, Intel will be adding device authentication to improve security in the latest USB-C spec. While jumping on the USB-C bandwagon on the iPhone could resolve some issues, it’s unlikely that Apple will move away from Lightning. The iPhone maker has already gotten a ton of flack (and still does to this day), for moving from the 30-pin dock connector to Lightning. Tags: Audio, iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, lightning, USB-C About Peter Cao Peter has a passion for music and technology. He conceits himself by religiously rocking the Apple brand. You can find him on Twitter @iPeterCao. View all posts by Peter Cao → ← Apple Music lands exclusive deal with Cash Money Records This year’s iPhone will be called ‘iPhone 7’ and ‘iPhone 7 Plus’, no ‘Pro’ model → Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Pay Less on Home Phone Service popular topics President-elect Trump has discussed Apple making products in the USA directly, provides tax incentives0 iPhone 8 to feature all glass back, new 5-inch model2 New MacBook Pros have 16GB of RAM max due to battery life concerns1 Apple Watch Nike+ launch details, bands will not be sold separately1 Suppliers: Trump's plan to make Apple products in the U.S. impractical1 Over 50 new emojis just approved by Unicode 10, should be on iOS soon1 In a new interview, Phil Schiller discusses the new MacBook Pro1 Supply constrains could dictate Apple's move to OLED in the iPhone next year1 Opinion: The lack of Apple software quality on iOS1 Live blog: Apple's 'hello again' October 27 event1 PhoneDog Pokémon Go 'Nearby' feature expands as Ditto makes first appearance Nextbit Robin receives Android 7.0 Nougat beta update Verizon Black Friday deals include discounts on Google Pixel phones, Google Home Alcatel Idol 4S on sale for $349.99 Google Pixel update hitting some phones, adds two new Moves Android 7.1 Developer Preview 2 update now rolling out T-Mobile offering free flagship phones from Apple, Samsung, and LG for Black Friday Android And Me Sprint offers up to three free lines T-Mobile offering free flagship smartphones Glossy Black Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Google has released one final update Verizon begins Black Friday deals on Fresh Meat: 10 new Android apps worth DEAL: Alcatel Idol 4S selling for $349 TmoNews Next week’s T-Mobile Tuesday will T-Mobile announces more Black Friday T-Mobile HTC One M9 receiving November T-Mobile’s 4G LTE CellSpot update T-Mobile extends Magenta Friday two T-Mobile Tuesdays gifts for next week T-Mobile launches Magenta Friday promo PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular iPad iTunes App Reviews Accessory Reviews Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2016 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
International Business Times UK News LATEST NEWS UK Crime World Latest News Africa Asia Pacific Middle East The Americas Europe Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Politics LATEST NEWS Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music Culture Royalty Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Feature Reviews Analysis Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Pictures LATEST NEWS Conflict Travel Arts Science Animal & Wildlife Photography Competition Log out Newsletter Signup Search Technology Smartphones Samsung LG move to make its own mobile chips could be a blow to Qualcomm South Korean company joins Samsung, Apple and Huawei in turning to own chip designs By Owen Hughes August 17, 2016 17:25 BST LG wants to develop homegrown chips for its mobile devicesReuters LG reportedly plans to start building its own in-house mobile chips, joining the likes of Apple, Samsung and Huawei. The decision could strike a major blow to semiconductor company Qualcomm, to which LG is a major customer. Korean phone manufacturer LG will use Intel's 10-nanometer process to develop a new generation of mobile processors, based on ARM's 64-bit technology. These will be built in Intel factories and used within LG's own electronics and mobile devices. It's unclear whether LG's home-grown chips will be limited to certain product ranges or used across all devices. Either way, it's sure to have a knock-on effect for Qualcomm, who has traditionally provided the processors for LG's smartphones. LG has been attempting to cut its dependency on the chipmaker for some time. Earlier this year, the companies became embroiled in a lawsuit over licensing fees for Qualcomm's chipsets. LG is not the first customer Qualcomm has seen depart either: Samsung famously snubbed Qualcomm's Snapdragon 810 for the Galaxy S6 back in 2015, and since then its growing self-reliance has been damaging to Qualcomm. Apple and Huawei, who rank highly in Eastern and Western respectively, also have their own chip designs. Meanwhile, low-cost players like MediaTek and Marvell are gaining market share as they offer a cheaper alternative to Qualcomm'. It's unclear when the first LG-powered devices will hit the market, although it's unlikely to be for some time given that actual production has yet to begin. LG's forthcoming V20 flagship, for example, is widely expected to come packing Qualcomm's Snapdragon 820 chipset. More tech news from IBTimes UK Qualcomm announces fastest-ever Snapdragon 821 processor for upcoming flagship smartphones Qualcomm resolves lawsuit with LG after smartphone manufacturer agrees to pay more for chips Huawei may be working on its own mobile OS to reduce dependency on Google's Android Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Columnists Alastair Campbell “Clinton voters and Remainers are too gracious in defeat - it's time to become bad losers READ MORE IBT Media to host AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event takes place on 1 and 2... Steam Autumn Sale: Black Friday deals on Skyrim, GTA, Call of Duty, Doom and more Big reductions on Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare, The Witcher 3 and... Black Friday 2016: Best headphone deals and discounts Black Friday brings money off top headphone and earphone brands like... What is the Snooper's Charter and should you be worried? Here's everything you need to know The Investigatory Powers Bill will be signed into UK law later this... Black Friday: Best washing machine deals and home appliance discounts The biggest and best discounts on home appliance and white goods from... Don't crucify our geeks: Why Lauri Love's extradition is setting a dangerous precedent Accused of hacking FBI and Nasa systems, Love faces the prospect of... Telegram takes on Tumblr and Medium with anonymous blogging tool called Telegraph Ultra-secure blog site supports embedded content, photos and markdown... Sony accused of censoring negative feedback on its Bravia TVs ahead of Black Friday sales rush Sony has reportedly deleted threads raising issues with its 4K Bravia... Tor Phone: Privacy activists developing super private and secure version of Android Tor Project launching new version of Tor-enabled Android phone... Apple and Samsung must block phone use while driving, urge road safety regulators US road safety agency issues guidelines for phone makers to curb... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
null
Home Top 50 How To Magazine Franchise Events Subscribe 2 min read Layoffs Cisco Systems to Lay Off About 14,000 Employees Reuters From Reuters Overtime Judge Blocks Obama Rule Extending Overtime Pay to 4.2 Million Workers Make More Happen Retailers Push Deals Early as Black Friday Loses Focus Facebook Facebook Builds Censorship Tool to Get Back Into China August 17, 2016 This story originally appeared on Reuters Cisco Systems Inc. is laying off about 14,000 employees, representing nearly 20 percent of the network equipment maker's global workforce, technology news site CRN reported, citing sources close to the company. San Jose, California-based Cisco is expected to announce the cuts within the next few weeks, the report said, as the company transition from its hardware roots into a software-centric organization.  Apart from Cisco, the other tech giants, which have announced job cuts in the face of PC industry decline in recent years, are Microsoft Corp., HP Inc. and Intel Corp. Microsoft Corp. kicked off one of the largest layoffs in Tech history in July 2014 after it said it would slash 18,000 jobs.  HP Inc. said in September 2015 that it expected to cut about 33,300 jobs over three years. Intel said in April that it would slash up to 12,000 jobs globally, or 11 percent of its workforce. Cisco, which had more than 70,000 employees as of April 30, declined to comment. Cisco increasingly requires "different skill sets" for the "software-defined future" than it did in the past, as it pushes to capture a higher share of the addressable market and aims to boost its margins, the CRN report said citing a source familiar with the situation. Cisco has been investing in new products such as data analytics software and cloud-based tools for data centers, to offset the impact of sluggish spending by telecom carriers and enterprises on its main business of making network switches and routers. The company has already offered many early retirement package plans to Cisco's employees, according to CRN. Up until Tuesday's close of $31.12 on the Nasdaq, the company's stock had risen about 15 percent this year, compared with a 10.5 percent increase in the Dow Jones U.S. Technology Hardware & Equipment index. (Reporting by Ankit Ajmera and Bhanu Pratap in Bengaluru; Editing by Sandra Maler and Sunil Nair) Latest News and Headlines from Reuters Wall Street extends record streak, Dow breaks 19,000 for first time U.S. existing home sales race to more than 9-1/2-year high Asia stocks try to share Wall Street joy, U.S. yields a burden Employees Layoffs News and Trends Cisco Company Advertise Brand Licensing Contact Us Staff Contribute Upcoming Events Entrepreneur 360™ Livestream Growth Strategies On-Demand Event Products Business Books Reprints & Licensing Classifieds Entrepreneur Lending Entrepreneur Coaching Editions United States Middle East India Español Philippines South Africa China Connect Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Flickr Tumblr RSS Feedly Subscribe Now Gift Subscriptions Subscriber Services Digital Editions iOSAndroidKindle Copyright © 2016 Entrepreneur Media, Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Site Map Follow Us Current Edition United States India Middle East Español Sections Latest Top 50 How To Magazine Leadership Growth Strategies Marketing Technology Social Media Finance Entrepreneurs Starting a Business Franchises Magazine More Entrepreneur Lending Entrepreneur Coaching Business Forms Video Events Newsletters Bookstore About Us Contact Us Advertise Reprints & Licensing Privacy Policy Terms of Use © 2016 Entrepreneur Media, Inc. Skip Advertisement This ad will close in 15 seconds...
Stay Connected Widgetized Section Go to Admin » Appearance » Widgets » and move Gabfire Widget: Social into that MastheadOverlay zone Home Shop Advertise Events Library Press Releases Newsletter Register About Us Broadband Cable Equipment FTTH ISP Satellite Telco Test & Monitor Broadcast Advertising Ads Targetted Digital Radio DSO DTH/Satellite DTT/DSO FTA Pay TV Services VOD Catch Up Premium Business Funding IPO Joint Venture M&A People Regulation Policy Spectrum Standards Results Content app CA/DRM CDNs Games Piracy Production Rights UGC VR Work flow In Home Home Network PVR STB Mobile APPS Companion devices MNO Mobile TV Portable Media OTT Connected TV HbbTV IPTV Middleware IPG Search/Recommendation OTT UGC Research Consumer Behaviour Equipment Markets Social Media UHD Equipment Production Ultra-HD/4K White Papers Intel ‘Alloy’ for VR August 17, 2016 Intel has unveiled a new virtual reality reference design: Project Alloy, a cordless system the company says contains everything you need to have a VR experience. It says the headset has the computational and graphics power necessary to create the virtual images and an internal battery for power, as well as 3D cameras and sensors powered by Intel’s RealSense motion tracking tech. CEO Brian Krzanich told the Intel Developer Forum in San Francisco that the device is capable of “merged reality,” which blends images from the real world like handheld objects into virtual environments. In a demo at a Project Alloy wearer used a physical dollar bill as a lathe to shave down a virtual block of gold in a VR environment. “We believe the capability of Alloy and what it introduces is significant,” Krzanich said. “It gives the opportunity to merge the physical and virtual world together.” Intel plans on making Project Alloy open source next year to let third parties build headsets. Intel says this type of merged reality technology should alleviate some concerns about VR headsets blocking out the real world and creating a potentially dangerous situation for users and other people in the room. Intel and Microsoft are teaming up for mixed reality. Windows chief Terry Myerson announced Windows Holographic platform, with which developers can make and run mixed reality apps, will come to all Windows 10 PCs next year. That means that any VR or AR headset, and not just the Microsoft’s own HoloLens, will be able to run 3D and even standard, 2D apps designed for Windows 10, Myerson said. Intel and Microsoft are working together to release specifications for mixed reality-ready PCs and head-mounted displays. Related posts: Intel cools on TV? Intel seeks $500m for OnCue Intel TV to Verizon? Liberty OnCue for Intel TV? Intel, VUDU boost UltraViolet deployment You must be logged in to post a comment Login LATEST NEWS Spain: 2nd DTT migration compensation call North American SVoD subs to exceed TV homes India: ZEEL to buy Reliance YouView moves UI to the Cloud BBC DG: ‘We can create a Netflix of the spoken word’ Wochit predicts more broadcaster/social media partnerships DVB approves commercial requirements for ABR multicast Sling TV for Comcast’s X1 Mexico launches tender for 148 FTA channels Korea tops ICT development for 2nd straight year Search Archive Select a Month Click to Select November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 0 Select a Category Click to Select Articles Broadband    Cable    Equipment    FTTH    ISP    Satellite    Telco    Test & Monitor Broadcast    Advertising       Ads       Targetted    Digital Radio    DSO    DTH/Satellite    DTT/DSO    FTA    Pay TV    Services    VOD       Catch Up       Premium Business    Funding    IPO    Joint Venture    M&A    People    Regulation       Policy       Spectrum       Standards    Results Content    app    CA/DRM    CDNs    Games    Piracy    Production    Rights    UGC    VR    Work flow Events Guest Blog    Inside Satellite    Off Message    Third Party Headline In Home    Home Network    PVR    STB Magazines    EuroMedia    IPTV Mobile    APPS    Companion devices    MNO    Mobile TV    Portable Media OTT    Connected TV    HbbTV    IPTV    Middleware       IPG       Search/Recommendation    OTT    UGC Photo Press Releases Research    Consumer Behaviour    Equipment    Markets Research Library    Research TV Channel Social Media UHD    Equipment    Production    Ultra-HD/4K Video White Papers Search by Keyword Broadband Broadcast Business Content In Home Mobile OTT Research Social Media UHD White Papers Shop Advertise Events Library Press Releases Newsletter Register About Us Copyright Advanced Television Ltd © 2001–2016 Maintained by Elrond Limited Advanced Television Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
  Processors PC Cases Video Cards Motherboards Storage Mobile Memory Cooling Misc News Home | Forum | Shop | RSS Search Legit Reviews News  Exclusive: Gigabyte Brix Gaming UHD Inside Pics and CPU Temps Exclusive: Gigabyte Brix Gaming UHD Inside Pics and CPU Temps Posted by Nathan Kirsch | Wed, Aug 17, 2016 - 10:13 AM Earlier this year, Gigabyte unveiled the Brix Gaming UHD and it looked to be the most powerful Brix mini-PC ever designed to target the gamer market. The Brix Gaming UHD is still on track to be released by the “the end of the year” and at IDF 2016 we were able to witness Gigabyte remove the enclosure on this Intel NUC alternative for the first time. The Brix Gaming UHD measures in at 220 x 110 x 110 mm and comes in a sleek looking back and silver tower. Gigabyte hopes this design solves the noisy fan complaints that plagued the original Brix Gaming systems as this entire design was drawn up to improve air flow thanks to being able to use a larger fan. Gigabyte was able to take off the cover for us on their demo system to show us for the very first time what the inside looks like! As you can see the CPU and GPU are on different PCBs that are connected with two cables and each has a large heatsink covering the chip to help keep them cool. The DDR4 memory slots and M.2 storage slot is located in the middle of the housing, so it looks like this will be a bit tricky to work on and is likely why most will be sold pre-built. The Gigabyte Brix Gaming UHD on display at IDF 2016 was the Gigabyte GB-BNi7HG4-950 BRIX. Inside this model is an Intel Core i7-6700HQ quad-core processor with Hyper-Threading (2.6GHz base/3.5GHz boost), an NVIDIA GeForce GTX 950 GPU, 32GB (2x16GB) HyperX Impact DDR4 SO-DIMM memory running 3000 MHz and a HyperX Predator 960GB PCIe M.2 SSD. You also have an Intel Wireless-AC 8260 card for dual-band 2×2 Wi-Fi 802.11ac and Bluetooth 4.2. Not bad hardware for a device that obviously has some size constraints when it comes to what you can shoehorn inside it. It should be noted that Kingston was using a barebone version and installed their own hardware inside to showcase it. We aren’t sure what the barebone version will be priced at, but we have been told that a fully configured model with Windows 10 already installed will be around $1300. A wild guess might put a barebone model at $899 to $999 as it wouldn’t come with an M.2 PCIe SSD, DDR4 memory kit or a Windows 10 license.   Since the Gigabyte Brix Gaming UHD was running in the Kingston booth it gave us the opportunity to look at the CPU temperatures. Kingston was running MemTestPro to show the 32GB HyperX Impact DDR4 3000MHz memory kit was stable, but it also put the CPU at 100% load. We took a quick peak into AIDA64 and saw the CPU sitting at 92C. Not exactly a cool running machine, but AIDA64 showed that it wasn’t thermal throttling and the system was running all the tests at 3.1GHz, which is well over the CPUs base clock speed. We can’t comment about noise as we were on the floor of a trade show with hundreds of people walking around. We hope that Gigabyte can launch the BRIX Gaming UHD here soon we’ve been talking about it for months. The discrete NVIDIA GeForce GTX 950 graphics card is nice, but the GeForce 10-series is rolling out and there doesn’t appear to be an upgrade path for the graphics on this ~$1300 system. It will be interesting to see if Gigabyte rolls this PC out later this year with GTX 950 graphics or if they’ll update to GTX 1050/1060 graphics. The GeForce GTX 950 reference design has a 95W TDP rating and a GeForce GTX 1060 3GB/6GB is 120W, so we don’t think that is going to be likely for this form factor if we are hitting 92C on the CPU with basically no load on the GPU.   Matthew Elvidge A low rpm, replaceable and controllable fan to shift air through the entire ‘brick’ would probably be very welcome to the design. Not only would it make it last longer, but itd run smoother and with less throttling. Could make it a very viable LAN pc. Mohit Dua Thanks for sharing this quality information with us. I really enjoyed reading. Will surely going to share this URL with my friends.sb game hacker apk Check out LegitReviews' Polls on LockerDome on LockerDome Tweets by @LegitReviews Explore Editorial Events Interviews News Forum Folding Shop Content Bluetooth Cooling Editorial Events Interviews Memory Misc Mobile Mods and Ends Motherboards News PC Cases Power Supply Press Releases Processors Reviews Storage Video Cards About Contact Us Disclaimer About Us Follow Us         Copyright © 2002-2016 LegitReviews.com - All Rights Reserved.  
null
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Risks To Intel's Estimates Are Increasing Jim Swanson , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} August 17, 2016 11:18am   Comments Share: Related INTC Vetr Crowd Thinks AMD Is Running Hot Intel Corporation, Mobileye May Be Star-Crossed Lovers, But Chowdhry Calls Veronian Tragedy Can Intel Counter The Zen Threat? (Seeking Alpha) Following better-than-seasonal notebook ODM shipments in Q2:16, July notebook shipments declined 21 percent month-on-month, below normal seasonality. Citi’s Christopher Danely reiterated a Neutral rating on Intel Corporation (NASDAQ: INTC), with a price target of $35. July Shipments “We continue to believe the recent PC strength was due to re-stocking, and expect notebook shipments to be seasonal during 3Q16 before falling below seasonality in 4Q16,” Danely mentioned. July shipments fell 21 percent month-on-month, as compared to the normal seasonality of a 16 percent month-on-month decline. However, this decline was in line with the estimate. Related Link: Proofpoint Has Upside On High-Profile Cyber Attacks Notebook units are expected to increase 5–8 percent quarter-on-quarter in 3Q16, in line with the normal seasonality of a 6 percent quarter-on-quarter rise. “Last year, notebook shipments were above expectations in 3Q15 due to re-stocking, in line with expectations in 4Q15, and below expectations in 1Q16. This year, notebook shipments were above expectations in 2Q16, and we expect notebook shipments to be in line with expectations in 3Q16 before falling off in 4Q16,” Danely stated. Risk To Consensus The analyst believes the PC space drives Intel’s shares, given that half the company’s EPS is derived from the PC end market. However, with a recovery in Intel’s server business already accounted for in the consensus forecasts and guidance, Danely believes the risk to the consensus expectations was increasing. Full ratings data available on Benzinga Pro. Do you have ideas for articles/interviews you'd like to see more of on Benzinga? Please email feedback@benzinga.com with your best article ideas. One person will be randomly selected to win a $20 Amazon gift card! Latest Ratings for INTC Date Firm Action From To Oct 2016 Charter Equity Upgrades Market Perform Buy Oct 2016 Deutsche Bank Maintains Buy Oct 2016 Nomura Maintains Buy View More Analyst Ratings for INTC View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: Christopher Danely CitiAnalyst Color Reiteration Analyst Ratings Tech © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (INTC) Vetr Crowd Thinks AMD Is Running Hot Intel Corporation, Mobileye May Be Star-Crossed Lovers, But Chowdhry Calls Veronian Tragedy 3 Stocks To Own Under President Trump Big Tech Is Leading The Stock Market Higher Today Wall Street's M&A Chatter From Thursday, November 3 Benzinga's M&A Chatter for Tuesday November 1, 2016 View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on INTC Trending Recent 1 PDCO, DLTR: 18 Stocks Moving In Tuesday's Pre-Market Session 2 JACK, GME: 12 Stocks You Should Be Watching Today 3 SCON, URBN: 20 Stocks Moving In Wednesday's Pre-Market Session 4 CTSH: Bank Of America Cuts Cognizant's Price Tar... 5 BABA, MSFT: President-Elect Trump and Your Portfolio 6 CTRP, URBN: 7 Stocks To Watch For Novem... 7 FCAU, TSLA: Why This Analyst... 1 BNS, ENY: If You Don't Actually Want To Move To Canada, Here's How To Mo... 2 TGT, RIO: Najarian Brothers See Unusual Options Activity In Rio Tinto And... 3 DTEGY, TMUS: Investment Group Asks SEC To Investigate T-Mobile... 4 IEF, UST: How One Algo Trader Approaches The Stock Mark... 5 STX, WDC: Here's Every Rating And Price Ta... 6 SPLK: Splunk: Cloud Adoption Has Compan... 7 JUNO, CMCO: Mid-Afternoon Market Up... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Briggs & Stratton Risk/Reward Looking Unfavorable Heading Into Earnings EUR/USD Little Changed Ahead of Data
Slashdot Stories Firehose All Popular Polls Deals Submit Search Slashdot Login or Sign up Topics: Devices Build Entertainment Technology Open Source Science YRO Follow us: RSS Facebook Google+ Twitter Newsletter Follow Slashdot blog updates by subscribing to our blog RSS feed   Nickname: Password: Public Terminal Forgot your password? Close binspamdupenotthebestofftopicslownewsdaystalestupid freshfunnyinsightfulinterestingmaybe offtopicflamebaittrollredundantoverrated insightfulinterestinginformativefunnyunderrated descriptive typodupeerror Check out the new SourceForge HTML5 internet speed test! No Flash necessary and runs on all devices. × 85509755 story Nvidia Calls Out Intel For Cheating In Xeon Phi vs GPU Benchmarks (arstechnica.com) 58 Posted by msmash on Wednesday August 17, 2016 @10:20AM from the calling-out dept. An anonymous reader writes: Nvidia has called out Intel for juicing its chip performance in specific benchmarks -- accusing Intel of publishing some incorrect "facts" about the performance of its long-overdue Knights Landing Xeon Phi cards. Nvidia's primary beef is with the following Intel slide, which was presented at a high performance computing conference (ISC 2016). Nvidia disputes Intel's claims that Xeon Phi provides "2.3x faster training" for neural networks and that it has "38 percent better scaling" across nodes. It looks like Intel opted for the classic using-an-old-version-of-some-benchmarking-software manoeuvre. Intel claimed that a Xeon Phi system is 2.3 times faster at training a neural network than a comparable Maxwell GPU system; Nvidia says that if Intel used an up-to-date version of the benchmark (Caffe AlexNet), the Maxwell system is actually 30 percent faster. And of course, Maxwell is Nvidia's last-gen part; the company says a comparable Pascal-based system would be 90 percent faster. On the 38-percent-better-scaling point, Nvidia says that Intel compared 32 of its new Xeon Phi servers against four-year-old Nvidia Kepler K20 servers being used in ORNL's Titan supercomputer. Nvidia states that modern GPUs, paired with a newer interconnect, scale "almost linearly up to 128 GPUs." fraud gpu intel ← Related Links → NSA Worried About Implications of Leaked Toolkits Apple iPhone 7 Plus Packs 3GB RAM, Early A10 Fusion Benchmarks Look Very Strong Intel To Manufacture Rival ARM Chips In Mobile Push This discussion has been archived. No new comments can be posted. Nvidia Calls Out Intel For Cheating In Xeon Phi vs GPU Benchmarks More Login Nvidia Calls Out Intel For Cheating In Xeon Phi vs GPU Benchmarks Archived Discussion Load All Comments  Full  Abbreviated  Hidden /Sea Score: 5 4 3 2 1 0 -1 More Login   Nickname: Password: Public Terminal Forgot your password? Close Close Search 58 Comments Log In/Create an Account Comments Filter: All Insightful Informative Interesting Funny The Fine Print: The following comments are owned by whoever posted them. We are not responsible for them in any way. Hmmm. (Score:4, Funny) by Anonymous Coward writes: on Wednesday August 17, 2016 @10:22AM (#52719507) So Intel is the Volkswagon of CPUs? Share twitter facebook linkedin Re: (Score:2) by K. S. Kyosuke ( 729550 ) writes: It kind of is, in the sense that most people have it. Re: (Score:3) by oic0 ( 1864384 ) writes: Not quite. This is deceptive advertising. You can deceive customers all you want so long as you have enough fine print don't outright lie. Re: (Score:2) by Luthair ( 847766 ) writes: Didn't Apple get sued for doing this to some PowerPC benchmark to claim it was the fastest PC? 1 reply beneath your current threshold. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Re:Hmmm. (Score:4, Informative) by bluefoxlucid ( 723572 ) writes: on Wednesday August 17, 2016 @10:54AM (#52719719) Journal It's not so much "older" as "different" in the artificial benchmarking world. Real-world loads don't tend to follow benchmarks religiously, and the newer benchmark might favor a configuration that's not as good in real-world loads. The classical marketing maneuver is to select from multiple sets of up-to-date benchmarks and pick the ones that favor your particular product. CPUBoss usually shows that one CPU outperforms another consistently (except for single-core vs threaded with dissimilar cores or SMT--fast clock wins single-core, many-cores wins threaded); and frequently shows the same benchmark tool using different strategies and rating each CPU faster than the other based on how it was configured, or shows that one benchmark favors one CPU and another favors the other. This goes all the way up to real-world functional tests, where you select games which perform better because of some feature or strategy of your GPU and CPU. You have better shaders? Pick a shader-heavy game. Heavy parallelism? Pick a game that meshes with that. You've got fewer parallel operations, but a higher clock? Avoid games that work best with 387-core GPUs and pick ones that like that 1185MHz clock. Show off 6 or 7 games running at freakishly-high 292fps. Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Re: (Score:2) by Penguinisto ( 415985 ) writes: For awhile, it got even worse than that... [hardocp.com] Re: (Score:2) by K. S. Kyosuke ( 729550 ) writes: That is kind of ironic. Do think that nVidia and AMD are doing more or fewer application-specific tweaks in their drivers today? Because I don't believe that the latter is the case. (After all, Microsoft does it even with regular Windows software.) Re: (Score:2) by Carewolf ( 581105 ) writes: That is kind of ironic. Do think that nVidia and AMD are doing more or fewer application-specific tweaks in their drivers today? Because I don't believe that the latter is the case. (After all, Microsoft does it even with regular Windows software.) Considering NVidia has special driver releases right after new games that are "optimized" for the new game. Plus a special bundled tool to "optimize" games to your graphics card... Yeah, it is not even a secret any more. Re: (Score:2) by ausekilis ( 1513635 ) writes: * VW emissions and mileage tests as reported during in-place testing and may not accurately represent real-world driving results. Thank you, VW. I'll expect my $10 million check in the mail. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Re:Hmmm. (Score:5, Informative) by Mashiki ( 184564 ) writes: <mashiki@gm a i l . com> on Wednesday August 17, 2016 @10:33AM (#52719561) Homepage Only if you think this is new. Intel has been doing shit like this for year and keeps getting caught, there were two lawsuits against them from AMD a few years ago where they ended up paying AMD around $7B USD for doing things like this and other forms of anti-competitive behavior which resulted in multi-billion dollar fines. Then again, nvidia has been caught doing the same. Probably the best example most recently is with their "Hairworks" API, which is likely going to land them in hot water again. Nvidia got nailed a few years ago for anti-competitive behavior over shaders. Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Re: (Score:2) by CajunArson ( 465943 ) writes: Poor poor AMD. At least that's what their marketing and PR departments like to say. A real AMD employee who -- like most of the actual engineers -- no longer works there has a different story though: http://vrworld.com/2011/06/24/... [vrworld.com] Re: (Score:1) by Adriax ( 746043 ) writes: So an engineer who doesn't understand marketing spoke out about a company's change in marketing direction? Smoking gun right there. So much worse than intel sabotaging compilers and bribing manufactures to force customer selection. Re: (Score:1, Troll) by sexconker ( 1179573 ) writes: You're a retard. Intel went out of its way to cripple software compiled using the ICC if it detected a non-Intel CPU, ignoring the standard flags the CPU exposed for extension and feature support. The ICC is probably the most-used compiler for major software products. This is textbook anti-competitive behavior. There's a reason they got sued and lost. Re: (Score:3) by PhrostyMcByte ( 589271 ) writes: Intel optimized per-architecture, not per feature. This had the end result of AMD chips taking the generic path and being slower, but I wouldn't call this tactic dirty. Why would Intel go out of their way to optimize for a competitor? CPUs have a wide variety of timing and pipeline limitations, and optimizing purely for feature set will never get you peak performance -- this is why GCC has the exact same per-architecture optimization support. Re: (Score:2) by K. S. Kyosuke ( 729550 ) writes: So they deliberately chose to use an inferior code path for AMD because they were convinced it would be better for the customer? Re: (Score:2) by PhrostyMcByte ( 589271 ) writes: There's no check for AMD CPUs. It runs cpuid and finds a code path in a lookup table for that specific CPU -- if it's not there, it gets the generic path. Re: (Score:1, Troll) by sjames ( 1099 ) writes: There is a check for Intel CPU. Since AMD is !Intel, it gets the crappiest possible code path. Override the detection with a preload and suddenly performance improves many-fold. The Intel code path then follows the relevant standard of choosing code path based on feature flags. Re: (Score:1) by Mashiki ( 184564 ) writes: Funny you're marked troll. Guess the intel fanboys don't like the truth. Here's the reality, if you have a AMD chip there's a program called IPC that removes that flagging in executables built with that. It's fairly well known in gaming circles, and people usually see a 10-40% increase in performance from their games. Sadly it only works with non-encrypted exe's and so on. So some steam games you're pretty out of luck with. Re: (Score:2) by sjames ( 1099 ) writes: It is interesting that I got marked troll over an easily verified statement of fact. I sometimes wonder is it's just extreme fanbois or paid shills. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Re: (Score:2) by sjames ( 1099 ) writes: No. ICC certainly did look at feature flags and use them to the utmost UNLESS the cpu was AMD, then it used the worst performing code paths available. The telling part is that you could preload a library that replaced the IsThisIntel function (not the actual symbol) with a function that always returns true and greatly improve performance on an AMD processor (sometimes beating the performance on an Intel processor). The existence of that function is very much Intel going out of it's way to de-optimize AMD pe Re: (Score:2) by cheesybagel ( 670288 ) writes: The 'per-architecture' check included a strcmp with "GenuineIntel". There are processor flags to check if a processor supports an API already. I mean Intel designed the X86 ASM spec the least they could do is follow it in their own software. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Re: (Score:3, Insightful) by hairyfeet ( 841228 ) writes: I guess "Windows isn't done unless Lotus won't run" by your logic is completely reasonable behavior, it WAS their OS...right? Or maybe if you'd stop waving your little Intel flag as hard as your squeeing fangirl ass can you'd know they didn't "not optimize" for other chips, they purposely designed their compiler to put out [osnews.com] broken code on other chips [theinquirer.net] so badly in fact that you could take a Via CPU (the only CPU that allows you to change the CPUID in software) and by simply changing the CPUID from "Centaur Hau 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Re: (Score:3, Informative) by Luthair ( 847766 ) writes: It wasn't benchmarks, it was changing their commercial (as in users pay for it) compiler to ignore CPU flags for non Intel parts and not documenting it, then various illegal behaviour with effectively paying OEMs to not use AMD parts. Re: (Score:2) by rahvin112 ( 446269 ) writes: They all do it. Nvidia is notorious for it, probably more so than Intel, going so far as to bin chips and creating special review boards and firmwares that make the review cards 30% faster than the retail versions. This is nothing more than a Pot meet kettle moment. Intel must be making waves in HPC with Phi to draw this strong of an Nvidia comment. Here's the real reason for Nvidia's complaints (Score:5, Interesting) by CajunArson ( 465943 ) writes: on Wednesday August 17, 2016 @10:30AM (#52719553) Journal The real reason that Nvidia is bitching up a storm is that KNL has received a very positive reception in the HPC world. Oh, and KNL is actually an absolute bargain in comparison to the requirements to get a high-end Pascal system setup, not only because you can buy an entire KNL system (not just a GPU card) starting at only $5000, but because it's self-hosting and doesn't need a high-end Xeon CPU just to feed the GPU. To put it in perspective, you could build a cluster of 26 KNLs for the price of one of those 8-way systems Nvidia is selling. http://www.colfax-intl.com/nd/... [colfax-intl.com] Share twitter facebook linkedin Re:Here's the real reason for Nvidia's complaints (Score:5, Insightful) by Creepy ( 93888 ) writes: on Wednesday August 17, 2016 @10:57AM (#52719741) Journal Yeah, but their beef isn't about the cost, it is about the speed comparisons. Intel never has tried to compete in the GPU performance space - they are happy with being in the low cost space. If you just compare what you get for a certain cost I have no idea, but I'm guessing having so many more Intel chips in your cluster will add significant power and space requirements at the very least. You may actually be better off with the nVidia solution in the long run. Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Re: (Score:2) by sjames ( 1099 ) writes: If you have some actual reason to believe that, please share so others can make a good decision. If not, why chaff the discussion? Re: (Score:1) by rahvin112 ( 446269 ) writes: HPC is not GPU. It's a whole other area of computing that has little if anything to do with graphics. The Knights landing chips are kinda like a GPU in the sense that there are lots of tiny cores good at one or two operations but it differs significantly from a standard GPU type chip that Nvidia produces in that its x86, and it's cores are a little more general purpose than a standard nvidia CUDA core. Think of it this way, Knights Landing is marketed as 70 Atom-like cores, rather than 1200 CUDA cores. Becau 1 reply beneath your current threshold. 2 replies beneath your current threshold. Re: (Score:3) by Guybrush_T ( 980074 ) writes: Yes, the HPC world is waiting for KNL because they don't want to port their old codes to CUDA. But that's just the expectation : people are starting to realize that running a Xeon code on KNL is by no mean immediate and you won't get much performance boost without a serious application rewrite ... just like porting to GPUs, maybe slightly easier though. But on the performance side, it is very clear that KNL performance is terrible. The fact that Intel only shows scaling figures is quite funny : it is very Re: (Score:2) by PhrostyMcByte ( 589271 ) writes: Yes, the HPC world is waiting for KNL because they don't want to port their old codes to CUDA. But that's just the expectation : people are starting to realize that running a Xeon code on KNL is by no mean immediate and you won't get much performance boost without a serious application rewrite ... just like porting to GPUs, maybe slightly easier though. Exactly this. AVX-512 is now much more GPGPU-like than traditional SIMD, so even transitioning AVX-256 code to it isn't going to be trivial. I would not expect random code to perform better on it without serious work. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Re: (Score:2) by rahvin112 ( 446269 ) writes: According to this Phi can be had for $200 at the low end. You can't buy a Nvidia Tesla product for that. https://www.phoronix.com/scan.... [phoronix.com] 1 reply beneath your current threshold. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Pot meet kettle (Score:2) by HalAtWork ( 926717 ) writes: Both parties are quite guilty here Layoffs (Score:2) by 110010001000 ( 697113 ) writes: Intel is the next tech giant to have mass layoffs. It obviously is hitting a dead end if it is arguing over such small increments of performance. Moores Law was fun while it lasted, but depending on transistor count for performance gains isn't going to work. Re: (Score:2) by sexconker ( 1179573 ) writes: They've had multiple rounds of layoffs recently (or one round with the reported number increasing frequently). Intel will be a husk in less than 10 years if they keep this shit up. Worlds smallest violin for Nvidia (Score:5, Insightful) by Moheeheeko ( 1682914 ) writes: on Wednesday August 17, 2016 @11:13AM (#52719847) After they spent the last decade going out of their way to force "improvements" into new games (that either never work or cause severe issues for pc games) just to make their overpriced cards look better than AMD, they can go fuck themselves. Share twitter facebook linkedin Re: (Score:3) by thegarbz ( 1787294 ) writes: If by improvements you mean optimsations, and by overpriced cards you mean get what you pay for, and by better than AMD you mean better than AMD then yeah you're 100% right. Now you can repeat the same statement for AMD. And for Intel And for ARM And for every other chip manufacturer who targets a specific market with specific products. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Manufacturer Exaggerates Product's Virtues (Score:2) by Marlin Schwanke ( 3574769 ) writes: Yawn, wake me when there's some actual news. Also, anyone who puts much faith in Intel's claims is either naive or a company shill. This simply business as usual for Intel. Cheater A calls out Cheater B for cheating! (Score:2) by Gravis Zero ( 934156 ) writes: People in glass houses shouldn't throw stones... and buy some damn shades because seriously, nobody wants to see that! Re: (Score:2) by Carewolf ( 581105 ) writes: People in glass houses shouldn't throw stones... and buy some damn shades because seriously, nobody wants to see that! Cheaters think everybody cheats. In this case they might be right. Get used to it Nvidia (Score:1) by Joseph Doeden ( 4653933 ) writes: Intel has your markets in their crosshairs now and they have a track record of awesome when it comes to commercial chip success. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. 4 replies beneath your current threshold. There may be more comments in this discussion. Without JavaScript enabled, you might want to turn on Classic Discussion System in your preferences instead. Related Links Top of the: day, week, month. 908 commentsThe Case Against Algebra 523 commentsAdBlock Plus Updates Acceptable Ads Policy 517 commentsMicrosoft's Cortana Doesn't Put Up With Sexual Harassment 496 commentsSpain Runs Out of Workers With Almost 5 Million Unemployed 474 commentsWhy BART Is Falling Apart next Intel To Manufacture Rival ARM Chips In Mobile Push 81 comments previous NSA Worried About Implications of Leaked Toolkits 272 comments Slashdot Top Deals Slashdot Archived Discussion Moderate Moderator Help Delete Get more comments 58 of 58 loaded Submit Story When you don't know what to do, walk fast and look worried. FAQ Story Archive Hall of Fame Advertising Terms Privacy Opt Out Choices About Feedback Mobile View Blog Trademarks property of their respective owners. Comments owned by the poster. Copyright © 2016 SlashdotMedia. All Rights Reserved. Close Close Slashdot Working...
Log in Sign up Login with Facebook Login with Google Go Advanced News Reviews Phones Home News Blog Reviews Comments (3) Post your comment Project Alloy is Intel's Oculus Rift rival 17 August, 2016 At its 2016 Intel Developer Forum in San Francisco, the company unveiled its all-in-one VR headset called Project Alloy. The new gadget is dubbed to be a rival for the Oculus Rift and HTC Vive. Project Alloy uses Intel's RealSense technology, which includes cameras that measure relative depth, position, and orientation. Тhey're located on the headset and allow for "room-to-room" tracking, letting you move around your environment. Intel revealed it is in continuous collaboration with Microsoft to optimize Windows-based content on the Alloy and other Intel-based VR gadgets. The Alloy will serve as a platform to third-party companies to make their own all-in-one VR headsets. Intel pledged to open the VR headset's hardware, APIs and other necessary tools to developers and partners in 2017. Source | Via Share Facebook Twitter © 2000-2016 GSMArena.com All brands | Privacy | Terms | Contact us Desktop version
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     Mobile   /   Intel to Build 10nm Mobile Chips for ARM       Intel to Build 10nm Mobile Chips for ARM     By Jeffrey Burt  |  Posted 2016-08-16 Print               The chip-making rivals have reached a deal that will help Intel grow its foundry business while giving ARM another top manufacturer for its mobile processors. SAN FRANCISCO—Intel and ARM have been the major players in what has become the central competition in the processor market. Intel has failed to make much headway into a mobile chip space dominated by ARM and its partners, while ARM has been looking to make traction in data centers, where Intel silicon powers more than 95 percent of servers. Now, these two rivals are coming together in a partnership that promises to benefit both companies. At the Intel Developer Forum (IDF) here Aug. 16, officials from both vendors announced that Intel's chip foundry business will build chips for mobile and consumer devices based on ARM's architecture. The agreement will boost Intel's custom manufacturing business, which has been building for the past few years, by adding IP from the company whose architecture powers almost all of the smartphones and tablets in the world. For ARM and its partners—including Qualcomm, Samsung and Apple—the deal gives them access to Intel's powerful chip-manufacturing capabilities and cutting-edge technologies, as well as a foundry option beyond Globalfoundries, Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacture Corp. (TSMC) and Samsung. "Bringing these [vendors] together makes sense," Will Abbey, general manager of ARM's Physical IP Group, said during a technical session at IDF. Both Abbey and Zane Ball, vice president and general manager of Intel's Custom Foundry business, noted that Intel and ARM had at times worked together in the past—for example, Ball pointed out that field-programmable gate arrays (FPGAs) by its Altera subsidiary are built on ARM's architecture. In a post on the ARM blog, Abbey wrote that "Intel and ARM have worked together for years to help enable the ecosystem, and this is just the latest milestone in that long-standing relationship." However, this is a significant step for both companies. Intel launched its foundry system several years ago, giving third parties access to its substantial chip-manufacturing technologies. Ball said the company has grown its foundry capabilities from its 22nm and 14nm FinFET processes, and is now doing the same at 10nm. The business "is helping customers around the world by providing access to Intel's technology and manufacturing assets through turnkey services including design, wafer manufacturing, packaging and testing," he wrote on the company blog. "We're enabling new products and experiences on Intel's leading-edge technologies with industry standard design kits, silicon-proven IP blocks, and design services spanning from low-power SOCs [systems-on-a-chip] to high-performance infrastructure devices." ARM will be able to leverage that 10nm design platform for its Artisan physical IP, which includes memory compilers, high-performance and high-density libraries and point of presence (POP) IP for future mobile chips, Ball said. IP development is underway and ARM chips manufactured by Intel are expected to be available in early 2017. Intel famously missed out on the rise of smartphones and tablets, and failed in its efforts over several years to catch up. Under CEO Brian Krzanich, the company in April announced it was canceling development of several low-power chips that had been aimed at mobile devices, opting instead to focus those resources on such emerging growth areas as the cloud, robotics, artificial intelligence (AI), data analytics and the internet of things (IoT). Intel has been working with Qualcomm, Applied Micro, Cavium and other chip makers to drive its low-power architecture into the data center to compete with Intel in such areas as hyperscale environments and cloud service providers. In addition to the ARM announcement, Intel's Ball said LG Electronics also will build chips using the foundry business' 10nm process, while Spectrum, a major mobile chip maker in China, is using Intel's 14nm foundry platform. Achronix Semiconductor and Netronome are using Intel's 22nm process for their respective networking chips, and Altera is using the foundry platform to build what Ball called "the first true 14nm FPGA."           LATEST MOBILE ARTICLES   Apple Starts Program to Repair iPhones With 'Touch Disease' for $149 Google Touts Encryption Support On New Pixel Android Phones MobileIron Adds Single Sign-On to Box, Office 365, Salesforce Apple And PayPal Enable Payments Through Siri Voice Commands Revamped Google Play Music to Use Machine Learning to Suggest Songs                 Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend         News and Reviews Slideshows IBM Aims Watson at Embodied Cognition Microsoft Advances 'Any Developer, Any App, Any Platform' Strategy Google Will Tag Frequent Violators of Its Site Safety Standards Intel Lights Up the Sky With New Shooting Star Drone Old School Polling Methods Hid Trump's Popularity With Voters 10 Reasons Not to Buy the Apple MacBo... Apple is scheduled to release the MacBook Pro with Touch Bar mid-No... Watch Now                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
SHOP MOBILE SITE SEND US TIPS JOIN LOG IN Search all All News Features Blogs Forums CATEGORIES Reviews News Blogs Images Shop COMPONENTS All Components Recent additions: Here's Why Intel Kaby Lake And AMD Zen Will Only Be Optimized On Windows 10 Intel Kaby Lake 7th Gen Core Series: Higher Perf-Per-Watt, Enhanced Media Engine AMD Further Unveils Zen Processor Details And An Impressive Benchmark Showdown Versus Intel Broadwell-E Processors Recent additions: Here's Why Intel Kaby Lake And AMD Zen Will Only Be Optimized On Windows 10 Intel Kaby Lake 7th Gen Core Series: Higher Perf-Per-Watt, Enhanced Media Engine AMD Further Unveils Zen Processor Details And An Impressive Benchmark Showdown Versus Intel Broadwell-E Graphics/Sound Recent additions: ZOTAC GeForce GTX 1070 AMP! Extreme Review NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1050 And GTX 1050 Ti Review: Low Power, Low Price Pascal Custom GeForce GTX 1080 Round Up With ASUS, EVGA, And Gigabyte Motherboards Recent additions: Rivet Networks Killer E2500 Gigabit Ethernet For Gamers With Advanced QoS Tested MSI Z170A Gaming M9 ACK Motherboard Review: Sharp Dressed, Feature Packed Gigabyte, Intel And Corsair Enthusiast PC Components Summit Highlights Storage Recent additions: Samsung SSD 960 EVO NVMe M.2 Review: Ultra Fast, Affordable Storage WD My Passport Wireless Pro Review: Portable Storage For Mobile Devices Samsung SSD 960 Pro NVMe M.2 Review: Blazing Fast, Solid State Storage Misc Recent additions: Das Keyboard Prime 13 Review: A Minimalistic Mechanical Plank Intel Unveils Project Alloy Merged Reality Headset And Partnership With Microsoft For Windows Holographic Shell Hykso Boxing Sensors Review: Wearable Technology And Fitness Collide SYSTEMS All Systems Recent additions: Hot Holiday Gift Guide 2016: Tablets, Smartphones, Laptops, and Systems Hands On And First Impressions Of The Microsoft Surface Studio AIO PC Gigabyte Brix S GB-BSi5HT-6200 Ultra Compact SFF PC Review Desktops Recent additions: Hot Holiday Gift Guide 2016: Tablets, Smartphones, Laptops, and Systems Hands On And First Impressions Of The Microsoft Surface Studio AIO PC HotHardware 2016 Back-to-School Tech Shopping Guide DIY Recent additions: Gigabyte Brix S GB-BSi5HT-6200 Ultra Compact SFF PC Review New Matter MOD-t 3D Printer Review: Low Cost, User-Friendly Creation AMD Powered Star Wars Battlefront Radeon 380X-Powered Gaming PC Build Small Form Factor Recent additions: Gigabyte Brix S GB-BSi5HT-6200 Ultra Compact SFF PC Review Alienware Alpha R2 Review: Big Screen Gaming In A Little Package Gigabyte, Intel And Corsair Enthusiast PC Components Summit Highlights IT/ENTERPRISE All IT/Enterprise Recent additions: Netgear Orbi AC3000 Mesh WiFi System Review A Rare Look Inside Facebook’s Efficient And Frigid Data Center At The Arctic Circle Intel's Investment In FPGAs Could Pay Dividends In Microsoft Data Centers And Mark The Advent Of AI Accelerators Workstation Recent additions: Gigabyte, Intel And Corsair Enthusiast PC Components Summit Highlights NVIDIA Quadro M2000 Review: Affordable Maxwell Pro Graphics Lenovo ThinkPad P70 Mobile Workstation Review: Xeon And Quadro On The Go Data Center/SMB Recent additions: Netgear Orbi AC3000 Mesh WiFi System Review A Rare Look Inside Facebook’s Efficient And Frigid Data Center At The Arctic Circle Intel's Investment In FPGAs Could Pay Dividends In Microsoft Data Centers And Mark The Advent Of AI Accelerators Cloud Recent additions: Microsoft Legal Marijuana Tracking Software Has A Serious Case Of The Munchies ProtectWise Builds Security As A Service Platform With DVR Playback And Jacks You Into The Matrix NVIDIA Launches GeForce NOW Game Streaming Service Software Recent additions: Microsoft Patents Big Brother AI To Monitor Everything You Do In Windows And Feed It To Bing For Search Results Here's Why Intel Kaby Lake And AMD Zen Will Only Be Optimized On Windows 10 A Quick Guide To Customizing Your Windows Desktop Experience MOBILE All Mobile Recent additions: Hot Holiday Gift Guide 2016: Tablets, Smartphones, Laptops, and Systems Huawei Honor 8 Review: A Stylish, Affordable Android Smartphone Alienware 13 R3 Review: OLED, GeForce 10 Pop And Performance Notebooks Recent additions: Hot Holiday Gift Guide 2016: Tablets, Smartphones, Laptops, and Systems Alienware 13 R3 Review: OLED, GeForce 10 Pop And Performance Asus ROG G752 Review: A Pascal Packing Mobile Powerhouse Smartphones Recent additions: Hot Holiday Gift Guide 2016: Tablets, Smartphones, Laptops, and Systems Huawei Honor 8 Review: A Stylish, Affordable Android Smartphone Moto Z Play Review: 8-Cores And Insane Battery Life Tablets Recent additions: Hot Holiday Gift Guide 2016: Tablets, Smartphones, Laptops, and Systems HotHardware 2016 Back-to-School Tech Shopping Guide Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Tablet Review: A 2-In-1 For Pros Gadgets Recent additions: HotHardware 2016 Back-to-School Tech Shopping Guide New Matter MOD-t 3D Printer Review: Low Cost, User-Friendly Creation Samsung Gear Fit2 Review: More Than Just A Fitness Wearable LEISURE All Leisure Recent additions: Titanfall 2 Review And PC Benchmarks Quick Take: Fantastic Mech Fun Exploring NVIDIA's GeForce Experience 3.0, A Beginner's Guide Gears of War 4 Review And Benchmark Performance Quick Take Entertainment Recent additions: Experiencing NVIDIA's SHIELD With Plex Media Server Streaming Prowess YouTube Gains In-App Messenger For Mobile Chatting And Video Sharing Valve Inks Game-Changing Deal With Lionsgate Entertainment Adding Over 100 Movie Titles To Steam Platform Gaming Recent additions: Titanfall 2 Review And PC Benchmarks Quick Take: Fantastic Mech Fun Exploring NVIDIA's GeForce Experience 3.0, A Beginner's Guide Asus ROG G752 Review: A Pascal Packing Mobile Powerhouse Social Recent additions: YouTube Gains In-App Messenger For Mobile Chatting And Video Sharing Microsoft Reportedly Abandoned $8 Billion Slack Bid To Double Down On Skype Genius Tweets? Apple Hangs Out @AppleSupport Sign On Twitter VIDEOS All videos 2.5 Geeks Reviews/How Tos FORUMS BLOGS Shop Subscribe TRENDING: NES Classic Edition Alienware 13 Samsung 960 EVO GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Surface Studio Kaby Lake And Zen Windows 10 home News by Brandon Hill — Wednesday, August 17, 2016 Intel To Manufacture ARM-Based Smartphone Chips In Bid To Overthrow TSMC, Samsung If you can’t beat ‘em, join ‘em. Intel was an ARM license holder back in the early days of the personal digital assistant (PDA), and found its StrongARM and XScale chips in devices like the HP Compaq iPaq 5450 and other products of that ilk. But Intel jettisoned its ARM division in 2006 to focus on x86 processors, only to see a huge surge in ARM processor deployments with the rise of smartphones a few short years later. Intel tried to counter with its own low-powered, x86-based smartphones SoCs, but its efforts proved futile. Now, Intel is deciding to wade back in to the ARM waters as an ARM licensee. The chip giant will not design and market its own ARM-based designs, but it will offer its mammoth custom foundry business to produce ARM processors for other companies. This move will put Intel in contention to steal away contracts from ARM industry stalwarts like Samsung, Global Foundries and Taiwan Semiconductor (TSMC). Intel Custom Foundry will even make its upcoming 10 nanometer process technology available to customers looking to produce ARM processors using ARM’s Artisan Physical IP. “Our 10 nm technology will provide improvements in transistor scaling and offer new performance, power and cost benefits as well as a wide range of device features to meet different product requirements,” writes Zane Ball, Intel Technology and Manufacturing Group VP and co-GM of the Intel Custom Foundry. “Having leading IP providers in our portfolio will accelerate ecosystem readiness while providing greater flexibility and time-to-market advantages to our customers.” Speaking of customers, Intel has already lined up LG Electronics, Spreadstrum, Achronix Semiconductor, Netronome and Altera. Of those customers, LG will be the first to tap into Intel’s 10nm goldmine. Tags:  Intel, ARM, (NASDAQ:INTC), (NASDAQ:ARMH), idf2016, idf16 Via:  Intel Show comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Follow Us: Twitter Facebook RSS Email YouTube AppStore Google+ 85K 9K 4K 27K CONVERSATIONS Ubuntu Based Zorin OS 12 Linux Could Be...32 Netflix 4K Streaming Comes To PC, But...11 Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella Mocks Apple...9 Apple Reportedly Throttling iPhone 7...8 NVIDIA Offers Free Gears Of War 4...5 Microsoft Rumored To Include x86 on...4 Stanford Study Shows That Students Are...4 FEATURED Hot Holiday Gift Guide 2016: Tablets,... Huawei Honor 8 Review: A Stylish,... Samsung SSD 960 EVO NVMe M.2 Review:... Alienware 13 R3 Review: OLED, GeForce 10... Rivet Networks Killer E2500 Gigabit... ZOTAC GeForce GTX 1070 AMP! Extreme... Titanfall 2 Review And PC Benchmarks... FAVORITES 6 TB Hard Drive Round-Up: WD Red, WD...746k Intel Core i7-6700K And Z170 Chipset...584k Intel SSD 750 Series PCIe SSD Review:...559k Dell XPS 13 (2015) Ultrabook Review,...543k Alienware X51 R3 Review: Console-Sized...485k Know Your Type: Five Mechanical Gaming...435k GeForce GTX 980 Ti Round-Up With MSI,...383k THREADS HotHardware's Fall HP Pavilion x360 13t...8 ATI Graphics Card Overheating Problem7 off topic - why are facebook videos so...6 Am I overclocking a PIC18F4525?1 Your Next Graphics Card GF GTX 1080 Radeon RX 480 GF GTX 1070 GF GTX 1060 Other AMD Other NVIDIA More Results MORE HOT HEADLINES Microsoft Brings Solitaire... Facebook Reportedly Creates... Facebook Facepalm Moment As Fake... President-Elect Trump’s Top Tech... Researchers Hack Headphones Into... NHTSA Encourages Smartphone OEMs To... Google 'Popular Times' Feature In... Follow @HotHardware SITE Home Reviews News Blogs Images Mobile Site Sitemap CATEGORIES Components Systems IT/Enterprise Mobile Leisure Videos COMPANY About Advertise News Tips Contact MORE Forums Shop STAY CONNECTED Twitter Facebook Google + YouTube Feedburner This site is intended for informational and entertainment purposes only. The contents are the views and opinion of the author and/or his associates. All products and trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Reproduction in whole or in part, in any form or medium, without express written permission of HotHardware.com, LLC. is prohibited. All content and graphical elements are Copyright © 1999 - 2016 David Altavilla and HotHardware.com, LLC. All rights reserved. Privacy and Terms Subscribe to HH News Alerts! Preview Email Address
Skip to main content Home Topics Broadband Cable/Satellite Content Delivery Networks Fiber Optics Networking Pay TV Policy/Regulation Software Defined Networking Telecommunications Search Social Facebook Twitter YouTube Companies Learn Digital Login Register Subscribe Channels PDD ECN MDT WDD WW Advertisement Advertisement   Advertisement Intel Unleashes Untethered VR and ‘Merged Reality’: Project Alloy Wed, 08/17/2016 - 8:15am Comments by Laura Hamilton - Editor - @cedmagazine Intel excited virtual reality (VR) enthusiasts and industry watchers on Tuesday with the reveal of Project Alloy during the opening keynote of its 2016 Intel Developer Forum in San Francisco. The all-in-one solution allows a user to experience VR without cords connecting to the computer, and also provides an immersive experience through “merged reality.” In addition, Intel announced it is collaborating with Microsoft to optimize Windows-based content and experiences on Intel-based VR devices such as Alloy. Intel will open the Alloy hardware and provide open APIs for the ecosystem — allowing developers and partners to create their own branded products from the Alloy design — in 2017. The collaboration is going to allow the industry to get to scale, Kim Pallister, director of the Virtual Reality Center of Excellence at Intel, tells Forbes. “That’s a necessary component for the whole ecosystem to become profitable and take off,” Pallister notes in that interview. Intel CEO Brian Krzanich unveiled the project, which leverages Intel RealSense cameras attached to the headset, so it’s not dependent on setting up any external sensors or cameras around the room. VR fans who find cords hanging from a VR headset annoying will like that the computing power is located in the Alloy head-mounted device (HMD), allowing the user to experience VR untethered. That gives a free range of motion with 6 degrees of freedom across a large space, Intel points out in a statement. Along with collision detection and avoidance, users can utilize physical movement to explore a virtual space. Intel also highlighted in its statement the merged reality experience, “where you can see your hands, see your friends … see the wall you are about to run into.” With Intel RealSense technology, users can see these elements from the real world as well as use their hands to interact with elements of the virtual world, merging realities. In related news, The Los Angeles Times is reporting that Intel plans to open a studio in L.A., dubbed Intel Tech Experience Labs, which will focus on helping third parties develop VR content using Intel technology. Particulars about that are limited, but the newspaper quotes Krzanich as saying it will be “dedicated to pushing the limits of the technology for production, to really define what is possible with the tech.” Intel’s Craig Raymond displays the Project Alloy virtual reality headset during the Day 1 keynote at the 2016 Intel Developer Forum in San Francisco on Tuesday, Aug. 16, 2016. (Credit: Intel Corporation) Related Reads Augmented Reality Mapping Out Tech's Next Mind-Bending Trip Tech Projects Virtual Reality Images to Reduce MRI Anxiety Intel to Snap Up Live Action VR Company VOKE What Display Technology Advances Are Needed to Keep Up With the Growing VR Market? Laura Hamilton Editor @cedmagazine Full Bio > Advertisement Advertisement View the discussion thread. Advertisement Connect with CED Facebook Twitter YouTube Resources About Us Advertising Info Contact Us Digital Editions Directory FAQ Privacy Policy Product Announcement Form Subscriptions Terms & Conditions Topics Broadband Cable/Satellite Content Delivery Networks Fiber Optics Networking Pay TV Policy Regulation Software Defined Networking Telecommunications Advantage Business Media © Copyright 2016 Advantage Business Media
Collapse Expand Home Shop News Reviews Features Opinions Photos Videos Gadget Guru Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Hubs Apple Android BlackBerry Google Microsoft Nokia Samsung Sony Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी Home Laptops Laptops News Intel Joule, Project Euclid, and Other Major Announcements From IDF Day 1  Shekhar Thakran, 17 August 2016 Share on FacebookTweetShareShareEmailReddit Highlights Day 1 of the Intel Developers Forum saw several major announcements Here's a recap of all the major announcements Intel made The company notably unveiled Project Euclid and Joule Despite Intel's announcement of partnership with Microsoft, its announcement of "merged reality" experiences, and its licensing agreement with ARM Holdings took the limelight from Day 1 of Intel Developers Forum. There were other announcements from the show that highlighted the company's vision for the future of the industry. Here is the roundup of Day 1 of the Intel's event being held in San Francisco. At the event, Intel announced Project Euclid, based on company's RealSense "perceptual computing". In its current form, it is a dongle that "brings sensors to any robot," as explained by company's Chief Executive Officer Brian Krzanich at the event. The stick runs Linux and packs an Atom processor. It further has a RealSense camera, inbuilt motion sensors, and a detachable battery.Intel has reportedly said that Project Euclid will be made available in first half of 2017 and will be carrying the current generation of RealSense camera. Another module powered by Intel's RealSense technology that was launched by the company at Day 1 of IDF 2016 was Joule. Meant to help power machine vision, Joule is being termed as a powerful developer kit that's essentially a tiny computer for devices that use cameras for vision, like robots or drones. Two kits were unveiled, the Joule 550x and the Joule 570x, with the top-end variant costing $369 (via The Verge). The Intel Joule machine vision developer kits - which run a Linux OS - are available to purchase online and the company has said that it plans to make it available in around 100 countries by the end of this year. In another exciting announcement made on Wednesday, Krzanich announced that Intel will make a studio in Hollywood in order to produce 360-degree virtual reality content related mostly to sports and entertainment. The studio will be used to build upon the company's 360 Replay technology that was earlier used in the NBA Finals. At the event, Intel also announced that ditching headphone jack, a move which Apple is widely expected to make, might be the right choice after all. Rahman Ismail and Brad Saunders from Intel supported the argument by saying that such a move will enable the move from analogue to digital and will therefore present more advantages than problems. As we mentioned, Intel at the its developer event launched its first mixed reality headset - Project Alloy. The Project Alloy headset does not need to be tethered to a PC and allows user with the freedom to move around. Microsoft had also announced its partnership with Intel and explained how the company is working on a set of specifications so that Windows 10 PCs can be used with headsets such as company's own HoloLens. Perhaps the biggest announcement that Intel made at Day 1 of IDF was its licensing agreement with rival chip designer ARM Holdings to produce 10nm ARM-based chips. LG will be the first major manufacturer to use chips from Intel's new service. Tags: Intel, Microsoft, Mobiles, Science, Tablets, Joule, Project Alloy, Project Euclid Asus ZenBook 3, Transformer 3 Pro Launched in India: Price, Specifications, and More ZenFone 3 Launch: Asus to Focus on Premium Smartphone Segment in India Intel Joule, Project Euclid, and Other Major Announcements From IDF Day 1     Advertisement   In Mobiles and Tablets Latest Ziox Mobiles Zelfie Intex Aqua E4 HTC Desire 650 Panasonic Eluga Mark 2 HTC 10 evo Ziox Mobiles Astra Prism Ziox Mobiles Astra Zing+ Huawei Mate 9 Lite Vivo Xplay6 Vivo X9 Plus Vivo X9 Lyf Wind 7i OnePlus 3T Gionee S9 Vivo V5 Huawei Mate 9 Pro HTC Bolt Hyve Pryme Panasonic P71 Zopo Color F2 Popular iPhone 7 Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Motorola Moto Z Moto Z Play Lenovo K5 Note Xiaomi Redmi 3s HTC 10 OnePlus 3 Moto G4 Xiaomi Mi5 Galaxy J7 2016 Redmi Note 3 iPhone SE Sony Xperia Z5 Micromax phones Samsung phones Android Phones Smartphones Google Phones From Gadgets 360 Shop » Asus E202SA-FD011D 11.6 I... In Laptops Buy Now Rs. 16,666Rs. 16,120 HP 14-AM090TU Z4Q60PA 14 ... In Laptops Buy Now Rs. 39,800Rs. 36,499 Yu Yureka Plus In Mobiles Buy Now Rs. 12,500Rs. 6,389 Celkon Millennia Q599 Ufe... In Mobiles Buy Now Rs. 3,299 OPINIONSALL AUTHORS Rohan Naravane Imagining the iPhone 8 With No Home Button Gopal Sathe UPI Could Help With the Cash Crunch - So Why Is No One Using It? Akhil Arora FIFA 17 The Journey: Why, EA Sports, Why? Advertisement Recent Don’t Know What to Buy During the Steam Black Friday Sale? Read This Sony A99 II Flagship SLT Camera Now Available in India 'Solid Beta' of Android 7.0 Nougat Now Available for Nextbit Robin Users WhatsApp Now Lets You Stream Shared Videos While Downloading Demonetisation, Seasonality to Keep Indian PC Market Sluggish, Says IDC New App Performance Class Symbol for SD Cards Will Reduce Confusion Samsung Galaxy J3 (2017) Tipped to Sport 5-inch HD Display, 16GB Storage Xiaomi Launches Mi Wi-Fi Speaker With Voice Control New and Improved Google Sites Now Live for All G Suite Users No Transaction Fee on Debit Card Payments Till December 31 More News TRENDING Don’t Know What to Buy During the Steam Black Friday Sale? Read This Here’s When You Can Buy PC Games Cheap on Steam During Black Friday Final Fantasy XV First Impressions: A Welcome Surprise 'This Is Just Noise': Paytm's Vijay Shekhar on Old Notes Ban Criticism Flipkart Says Over 1 Million Redmi 3S Units Sold in Less Than 4 Months PM Modi’s App Trends, Paytm's POS Move, and More: Your 360 Daily Modi Keynote App Developers Explain Why They Removed the App The Best Smartphones Under Rs. 20,000 Looking for an ATM Near You With Cash? These Apps and Websites Can Help Xiaomi Launches Mi Wi-Fi Speaker With Voice Control Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2016. All rights reserved.
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Intel shows off cordless virtual reality set USA TODAY 8/17/2016 Allana Akhtar and Alexandra Mosher © Bloomberg Brian Krzanich, chief executive officer of Intel Corp., displays a Project Alloy virtual reality (VR) headset during a keynote speech at the 2016 Intel Developers Forum (IDF) in San Francisco, California, U.S., on Tuesday, Aug. 16, 2016. Intel staked a solid claim in virtual reality Tuesday at its developer forum, introducing the prototype for an untethered, all-in-one virtual reality headset it calls Project Alloy. Popular Searches Apple Inc AAPL ▼ 111.01 -0.79 -0.71% Eli Lilly and Co LLY ▼ 67.93 -8.07 -10.61% Amazon.com Inc AMZN ▼ 778.52 -6.81 -0.87% Microsoft Corp MSFT ▼ 60.37 -0.75 -1.23% In his keynote, CEO Brian Krzanich made clear Intel wants its chips and technology to play a major role in this emerging market. "Virtual reality represents one of those fundamental shifts that redefine the way we work, how we are going to entertain and how we communicate," he said. Krzanich demonstrated a battery-powered, untethered virtual reality headset system that includes all the computational and graphic power it needs onboard. That in turn will set users free to move through virtual reality constructs without running into the physical constraints of a cord. It also would allow the wearer to interact with the world in what’s being called augmented reality, technology that shows users an image overlay of their surroundings, giving them information about what they’re looking at or allowing them to manipulate virtual objects. The Project Alloy headset incorporated Intel’s front-facing 3-D camera technology, which it calls Real Sense. That gives users the ability to use hand gestures to execute commands. The headset Krzanich showed the audience was a single unit, no trailing wires, no tethering to a computer. The design contrasts with Facebook's Oculus Rift, the $600 VR headset that has been dinged by some reviewers because it tethers users to a box and limits movement.  “It’s completely self-contained virtual world all in one package. To me, that’s what virtual reality means,” Krzanich said. It doesn’t appear that Intel actually plans to build VR headsets but rather to provide the design for various developers to work with. By the second half of 2017 the company plans to make the specifications for Alloy available to all, “allowing everyone access to the build sheets, exactly what it takes to build an Alloy themselves,” Krzanich said. That’s not surprising as Intel has never been a consumer product company, but instead enabling consumer products such as PC, said Brian Blau, a senior Intel analyst with Gartner. “I suspect Project Alloy is similar to Google Daydream. It’s potentially a device, it's being prototyped, but it’s more of a set of specification that partners can use to build devices,” he said. He noted that historically, Intel has worked hard to associate the Intel brand with new technologies, the long-running “Intel Inside” campaign for PCs branded that into consumers brains.  Now the Mountain View, Calif. company’s task is to associate the Intel brand with this new, all-in-one form for virtual reality, Blau said. Intel did not announce how much the Project Alloy headset might sell for. The bigger news long term may be that Intel and Microsoft plan on working together on virtual and augmented reality, said Patrick Moorhead, president and principal analyst with Moor Insights & Strategy. Both companies were late to the game when it came to smartphones and it appears they don’t plan to miss this virtual train. “Microsoft and Intel working together on mixed reality is a very positive sign and historically, more has been accomplished with the two working together than against each other,” said Moorhead. Microsoft executive vice president Terry Myerson joined Intel's Krzanich on stage to say the two companies were working together on software to run virtual reality devices. Microsoft is developing its own VR headset, the HoloLens, which contains Intel chips. Additionally, Microsoft has said that all Windows 10 systems will have some capability of augmented reality capability. Together, that adds up to a lot of ways for consumers to access this emerging technology, Moorhead said. No cords The untethered headset Krzanich showed the audience represents what could be the breakthrough form factor that will take VR from a niche device for game players to something that is truly becomes part of daily life in the way smartphones have. How users enter virtual and augmented reality spaces today tends to fall into three groups. There are tethered headsets that plug into a computer, smartphone-based headsets that snap a phone into a headset and all-in-one headsets that contain all the processing and battery power. “It’s a really interesting device because they have everything in one package, you don't have to worry about having the right smartphone or which headset you have, you don’t have to buy an expensive headset,” Blau said. Go to MSN Home More in Money 7 successful icons who had a brush with bankruptcy InvestorPlace 20 best money tips of all time from Tony Robbins GOBankingRates 7 CEOs heading to the chopping block InvestorPlace The most dangerous states in America 24/7 Wall St. 15 of the biggest business disasters of all time Lovemoney 12 leaders who took $1 salaries Money Up Next What the richest 1 percent earns in every state Money Talks News AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From USA TODAY Graham's top 10 tech turkeys of 2016 USA TODAY Teacher unions smarting after many members vote for Trump USA TODAY America has healed before — or have we? USA TODAY Missy Franklin makes big change to training USA TODAY USA TODAY View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
TechRepublic Search GO CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation More Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out TechRepublic Search GO Topics: CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out Hardware Intel to manufacture ARM processors in a bet on IoT and premium smartphones In a new partnership, ARM and Intel Custom Foundry will work together building SoCs using Intel's 10nm process. By Conner Forrest | August 17, 2016, 6:34 AM PST RSS Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus The Intel Custom Foundry. Image: Intel As a result of a new partnership between ARM and Intel Custom Foundry, Intel will begin producing chips based on ARM's physical intellectual property. The collaboration could boost Intel's prowess in the Internet of Things (IoT) space, and potentially gain them a larger audience with mobile OEMs. The announcement was made Tuesday at the 2016 Intel Developer Forum, hosted in San Francisco. For those who may seem surprised at the partnership, a blog post by ARM's Will Abbey said that it is nothing new. "Despite press stories, Intel and ARM have worked together for years to help enable the ecosystem, and this is just the latest milestone in that long-standing relationship," Abbey wrote. In the post, Abbey noted three specific benefits to the SoC (system on a chip) partnership: "The benefits to our partners by expanding the ARM ecosystem to offer more manufacturing choices for premium mobile and consumer SoCs." "Intel Custom Foundry will give its customers access to world-class physical IP and ARM implementation solutions." "All the major foundries now offer Artisan platforms, further confirming it as the industry standard for physical IP." SEE: Mobile device computing policy template (Tech Pro Research) Partnering with ARM is merely the latest step on Intel's road to restructure more strongly around IoT and the data center. ARM, which stands for Advanced RISC Machines, is Britain's largest technology firm and its chips are in most smartphones in the market today. However, ARM was recently acquired by Softbank for £24.3 billion specifically for its IoT expertise. By partnering with ARM, Intel could strongly improve its offerings in IoT, and broaden its customer base. More about Mobility CIO Jury: 10 out of 12 tech leaders trust Samsung despite Galaxy Note7 failure IBM Watson is coming to the iPhone, and that's big news for business users Tech Pro Research: Social media policy Subscribe to TechRepublic's Mobile Enterprise newsletter In a separate blog post by Zane Ball, the co-general manager of Intel Custom Foundry, he explained that the ARM Artisan platform includes "high performance and high density logic libraries, memory compilers, and POP IP (for future ARM premium mobile cores)." In addition to strengthening its offerings in IoT, the ARM partnership could get Intel closer to a very important ARM customer—Apple. As noted by ZDNet's Larry Dignan, Apple "could use Intel to diversify its supply chain." In fact, some reports even predict that the upcoming iPhone model will use Intel chips. Either way, the ARM partnership is good news for Intel's foundry business, as it gives their customers more options in terms of increasing options in chip design. The 3 big takeaways for TechRepublic readers ARM and Intel Custom Foundry are partnering to build SoCs (system on a chip) using the 10nm process. The partnership will see Intel utilizing the ARM Artisan platform, which could improve the company's offerings in the connected devices and IoT space. This collaboration could also mean Intel getting closer to producing key chips for Apple's iPhone, as Apple is a long-time ARM customer. Click here to subscribe to our Mobile Enterprise newsletter. Subscribe Also see iPhone chip designer ARM to be bought by SoftBank for £24.3bn as Japanese giant doubles down on IoT (TechRepublic) Say hello to the world's first 1,000-core chip that runs off an AA battery (ZDNet) IBM's brain-inspired chip TrueNorth changes how computers 'think,' but experts question its purpose (TechRepublic) IBM's 'lab-on-a-chip' is the latest weapon in the fight against disease (ZDNet) Five categories of apps you need to transform your phone into a mobile office (TechRepublic) Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus About Conner Forrest Conner Forrest is News Editor for TechRepublic. He covers startups and enterprise technology and is passionate about the convergence of tech and culture. Full Bio Contact Disclosure See all of Conner's content Google+ connerforrest × Disclosure Conner Forrest has nothing to disclose. He doesn't hold investments in the technology companies he covers. × Full Bio Conner Forrest is News Editor for TechRepublic. He covers startups and enterprise technology and is passionate about the convergence of tech and culture. Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Editor's Picks IBM Watson: The inside story Rise of the million-dollar smartphone The world's smartest cities The undercover war on your internet secrets Free Newsletters, In your Inbox Tech News You Can Use We deliver the top business tech news stories about the companies, the people, and the products revolutionizing the planet. Delivered Daily Subscribe Best of the Week Our editors highlight the TechRepublic articles, galleries, and videos that you absolutely cannot miss to stay current on the latest IT news, innovations, and tips. Delivered Fridays Subscribe Latest From Tech Pro Research Equipment reassignment policy IT help desk support SLA Job description: MongoDB administrator Interview questions: MongoDB administrator Services About Us Membership Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Map Site Help & Feedback FAQ Advertise Reprint Policy Explore Blogs Downloads TechRepublic Forums Meet the Team Tech Pro Research Resource Library Photos Videos © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement A ZDNet site | Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBS InteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundClickerCNETCollege NetworkGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTech Pro ResearchTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Wed, Nov 23, 2016 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Business Technology Data Privacy Tech Tools All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Intel’s chips deal with ARM helps it into the mobile market As the PC market declines in favour of tablets and smartphones, Intel needs help switching Wed, Aug 17, 2016, 11:30 Updated: Wed, Aug 17, 2016, 15:12 Ciara O'Brien Intel CEO Brian Krzanich (left) and technical marketing engineer Craig Raymond demonstrate its Project Alloy virtual reality headset: the company is a major employer in Ireland so we have an interest in its success. Photograph: Intel Corporation/EPA         The news that Intel had signed a deal with ARM to produce its rivals chips may be seen by some as an admission of defeat of sorts. At one point, Intel was trying to crack that market with its own line of mobile focused chips, hoping to replicate its success in the PC market in the new generation of mobile devices. It needed to make the change. Intel still gets much of its revenue from the ever declining PC market, which hit a peak five years ago and has been on a steady fall ever since. Hastening its demise is the new generation of internet connected devices: tablets and smartphones. The impact has been huge: by the end of 2016, experts believe the PC market will have 100 million units less than the 2011 high. It should have been an easy transition for Intel. The company was once the undisputed king of the chip makers. If you had a PC, chances are there was an Intel chip running it. Consumers knew and trusted the name. Many could repeat the little chime that ran at the end of PC television ads along with the “Intel Inside” log. Times have changed. The shift from PCs and laptops to tablets and mobiles has left the company appearing to flounder, unable to find a solid enough footing in the market. Intel has, by and large, missed the mobile boat. And yet it has 10 nanometer production lines that could be put to good use in making chips. Intel strikes technology licensing deal with ARM Intel to buy startup Nervana System to add cloud service Strong microchip sales help Intel post 2.6% rise in revenue With its PC business diminishing, something needed to give. Licensing technology from third-party rivals will give Intel a way into the mobile industry. Mobile market domination ARM on the other hand has dominated the mobile industry. Its chip design is used by Apple, Samsung, Nvidia and Qualcomm among others. ARM-based chips are in iPads, iPhones, most Android phones, even Kindles. Largely flying under the radar with consumers, the Cambridge-based company has got itself into a nice position, and it was one that even the might of Intel couldn’t conquer. ADVERTISEMENT So the deal with ARM makes sense for Intel. It could lead to more business with Qualcomm and Apple, putting Intel at the heart of the mobile industry, a position it has tried – and failed – to reach under its own steam. Intel is still a major player in the chip space. The company makes 80 per cent of the chips that run the world’s servers, but rivals have designs on its territory. AMD, once considered a major rival for Intel in the server industry recently announced plans to downgrade its ARM chips and return to x86 chips. As a major employer in Ireland, we have a vested interest in Intel’s success. The company employs around 5,000 people in its plant in Leixlip, and has invested more than $12.5 billion (€11bn) in the facility over more than 25 years. But not everything has been positive. Earlier this year the company announced it was cutting 11 per cent of its global workforce – 12,000 jobs – and some of that would be in Ireland. Indirectly, the company also suffered a defeat when a case brought to the Supreme Court by farmer Thomas Reid against a compulsory purchase order by the IDA for his family’s land, beside the Leixlip campus, was decided in favour of the farmer. There is a bit of optimism though. Under chief executive Brian Krzanich, the company has been pushing into new markets. Keen to take advantage of the growing trend for the Internet of Things and to avoid a repeat of the mobile strategy fiasco, Intel has shown off chips that are the size of a button and could cost as little as $10. The Irish operation has played a part in the design of these systems through its work on the Quark chip and the Gallileo board. Strongholds The cheaper chips won’t be as lucrative as the company’s former product strongholds. The Internet of Things only accounts for 4 per cent of the company’s sales, and with the cost per chip much lower than the PC or server business, it will take a lot of Internet of Things adoption for Intel to reach its previous heights. That’s not all Intel is getting involved in. At the Intel developer forum, the company showed off a virtual reality headset that removes the wired connection to a computer and allows objects from the real world to be integrated in the digital. It uses an array of cameras and sensors that also allow the user to move throughout multiple rooms and interact with objects. “Project Alloy takes the cord off the VR headset,” said Mr Krzanich. “To me that’s what virtual reality means.” The design is set to be open-source material, so developers can put their own spin on it. Intel is making the right noises at least. The Internet of Things is expected to grow to more than 30 billion devices by 2020, about treble its size in 2015. Getting in there early will – hopefully – stop the mistakes of Intel’s mobile era repeating themselves.       Topics: Brian Kzranich Thomas Reid AMD Apple Intel Nvidia Qualcomm Samsung Leixlip Read More Intel considering sale of cybersecurity unit Final wave of Intel staff in Ireland leaves in restructuring Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Financial Services 1:10 First-time buyer deposits cut to 10% as Central Bank eases mortgage rules Technology Clever cube makes for easier shared viewing English Soccer Ex-England player David White reveals sexual abuse by coach Business Pharmacist taking skincare back to its natural source Sponsored A bank-beating foreign exchange proposition How ‘nudge theory’ can improve pension provision Black Friday: what is it and how to prepare for it Send an AdMailer Christmas card and help a homeless charity ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE GO BACK The account details entered are not currently associated with an Irish Times subscription. Please subscribe to sign in to comment. Comment Sign In I agree to the Terms & Conditions, community standards and Privacy Policy SIGN IN Forgot password? Thank you You should receive instructions for resetting your password. When you have reset your password, you can Sign In. Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Screen Name Selection Hello Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Only letters, numbers, periods and hyphens are allowed in screen names. CONFIRM Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE Forgot Password Please enter your email address so we can send you a link to reset your password. SUBMIT Sign In Your Comments Sign In Sign Out We reserve the right to remove any content at any time from this Community, including without limitation if it violates the Community Standards. We ask that you report content that you in good faith believe violates the above rules by clicking the Flag link next to the offending comment or by filling out this form. New comments are only accepted for 3 days from the date of publication. Latest Business Data commissioner steps up investigation into Yahoo hack 20:01 CityJet pilots defer planned airline strike 19:55 Renovated Bewley’s Cafe can seat 500 customers at a time 19:39 Lidl and Aldi to hold prices in Republic despite sterling slide 19:27 Downbeat Philip Hammond offers little to soothe economic fears 18:55 ADVERTISEMENT Tech Tools Clever cube makes for easier shared viewing Tech Tools: projector for use with smartphones Review: Vivofit Jr, an activity tracker for kids Fool your children into activity by turning it into a game Prynt prints your smartphone photos – and adds video Tech Tools: It’s augmented reality meets actual reality with the help of Zink technology Smart wifi plug gives you the power to control the power Tech Tools: TP Link device means you can use home appliances from your smartphone Most Read in Business 1 First-time buyer deposits cut to 10% as Central Bank eases mortgage rules 2 Renovated Bewley’s Cafe can seat 500 customers at a time 3 Central Bank mortgage rule change: What it means for you 4 What to do in your 20s/30s...if you don’t want to be broke in your 60s 5 Solicitor entitled to damages in Anglo case 6 Shocking revelations at Rush Credit Union are just the start 7 Thousands affected as RaboDirect axes investment funds 8 Do couples lose first-time buyer status if one partner bought in the past? 9 CityJet pilots defer planned airline strike 10 Downbeat Philip Hammond offers little to soothe economic fears Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Web Log Get smart with the Science Gallery Podcast Research finds way to curb racist tweets Angry Chef debunks ‘clean’ eating movement Mac App Store now facing strong competition San Francisco hosts world’s first convention for emoji fans Game Reviews Pokemon Go Review   Gotta catch ‘em all? Be prepared for the long haul Gordon Ramsay Dash   If you can’t stand the heat... Preview: EA’S UFC 2   Step into the Octagon Tearaway Unfolded   Big screen debut for Atoi & Co Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Dating Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper eBooks Subscriber Rewards IT Sunday Email Newsletters Breaking news app My Account Newspaper Archive Crossword Club Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Wed 23/11/2016 News US Election Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Dating Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox My Account Manage your account The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
null
About Us | Newsletter Sign Up Home News Opinion Messages Authors Video Slideshows Teardown Education EELife Events Android Automotive Embedded Industrial Control Internet of Things MCU Medical Memory Open Source PCB Planet Analog Power Management Programmable Logic Prototyping SoC Test & Measurement Wireless & Networking Breaking News NEWS & ANALYSIS: Renesas Bounces Back, But How High? SLIDESHOW: 15 Views of Printed Electronics NEWS & ANALYSIS: Macom Buys Applied for Comms BLOG: Smart Home Needs Data Standards BLOG: Prime Your Brain for Brilliant Ideas at ESC Silicon Valley SPONSORED: Free Shipping Worldwide for all orders of $499 or more. Blog Automotive Security Resides in Supply Chain Gary Hilson, Consultant 8/17/2016 09:45 AM EDT  0 comments   post a comment NO RATINGS 1 saves Login to Rate Tweet Intel and others are looking to foster collaboration to build more resilient platforms for automotive systems as hacked vehicles become a more frequent occurrence. It wasnt long ago that the advent of computers in cars prompted jokes about cars being hacked or enduring a blue screen of death, but hackers tinkering with our trucks is now a reality, and it means every link in the automotive supply chain needs to think about their role in security. The tipping point was when connectivity was added to vehicles, Steve Grobman, president of Intels Automotive Security Review Board (SRB), told EBN in a recent telephone interview. If you an have embedded system that has a vulnerability, but it is air gapped and isolated, it doesn't pose a risk. But when these systems become connected, a latent vulnerability becomes exploitable, he said. Its just not network connectivity that makes automobiles less secure, but the ability to plug other devices into a vehicle through other means such as USB creates opportunities to hack what used to be otherwise isolated, embedded components. The formation of the SRB, that includes Intel Security, IBM, Rambus and others, is one of the first steps in addressing the multifaceted objectives of improving security in vehicles without creating barriers by understand what reference architectures are required to support enhanced integration to external networks and capabilities. Grobman said that rather than looking vulnerabilities in existing automotive systems, the focus of the SRB will be forward thinking to so it can get in front of threats and foster the development of more resilient platforms by defining reference architectures and their implementations. He said its really difficult to quantify how many players in the supply chain are involved, as different automotive manufacturers take different approaches. Some have greater flexibility to design from the ground up. Continue reading on EE Times' sister site, EBN. Email This Print Comment Comments View Comments: Newest First | Oldest First | Threaded View [close this box] Be the first to post a comment regarding this story. Most Recent Comments                 11/23/2016 3:10:19 PM Rcurl Hi Ed- Thanks for the Conflict-free sourcing link.  Since we no longer use tantalum capacitors that's one less thing to worry with.  I'll take a closer look at that... 11/23/2016 3:10:19 PM Rcurl Hi Ed- Thanks for the Conflict-free sourcing link.  Since we no longer use tantalum capacitors that's one less thing to worry with.  I'll take a closer look at that... 11/23/2016 2:52:48 PM David_Ashton_EC You mentioned the Adani group.  These guys are not well regarded in Australia.  They are trying to open a huge new coal mine in Queensland that alone wiill prevent Australia... 11/23/2016 2:31:25 PM 2Torr When replacing tantalum caps with MLCCs, one should consider more than just matching the capacitor value. Matching the ESRs can also be very important, depending on the application... 11/23/2016 1:40:34 PM Ed SV The Conflict-Free Sourcing Initative (CFSCI) is an organization that supports efforts to remove illegal and illegitimate sourcing of tantalum, tin, tungsten and gold from from... 11/23/2016 1:20:33 PM VicVat Video surveillance confirmed it was a mistake to let HR hire the "debug specialist" for the lab. 11/23/2016 1:18:31 PM Andy.Keates Printed batteries have their place. Their specs may limit their use in some devices. You can't replace them. If cycle life is poor, or self-discharge is high the device may fail.... 11/23/2016 12:43:59 PM Some Guy I'm not worried. Like RFID's in your passport, microwave technology is here to help. Finally, if advertising is your only answer, I again assert: you aren't being creative enough... 11/23/2016 12:40:32 PM MWagner_MA 640K...yep, you got me there :-)...   If I was Unilever, I would do the same thing.  As a consumer, I'll fight it until my last breath :-) 11/23/2016 12:34:42 PM rick merritt @MWagner_MA Yeah and who will ever need more than 640K of memory? ;-) The Unilever guy talked about exploring what kinds of new conversations/interactions it might want to have... Navigate to Related Links Renesas Bounces Back, But How High? 3D Printed Buses Here DSRCs Dead End, Says Qualcomm Exec Siemens to Buy Mentor Graphics in $4.5B Deal Lowly Bus Gets Reinvented Datasheets.com Parts Search 185 million searchable parts (please enter a part number or hit search to begin) Cartoon Contest November 2016 Cartoon Caption Contest: Pulvis et umbra sumus "Your caption here!" 86 comments All Cartoons October 2016 Cartoon Caption Contest "Trick or Treat" A vacuum tube for you, an old transformer for you...ah, here's a real treat, a paper capacitor! 119 comments All Cartoons Most Commented Most Popular  66   Why, Windows 10, Why?  51   TSMC, GF/Samsung Battle at 7nm  45   What Are the Coolest Engineering Gifts?  44   Trump Win Roils Technology Sector  41   Accident on a Dark Freeway  41   What Is Best & Worst STEM-Related Music Ever?  37   Did Processor Cause Samsung Note 7 Blowup?  37   Samsung to Ship 10nm SoCs in 2016  34   Dual-Port 2A USB Chargers Only $1.95  29   Rad-Tolerant Lockstep Quad Core 8051 Uses ...  28   The Time Has Come to Build My Own ...  12   Replacing Tantalum Bypass Capacitors with ...  8   15 Views of Printed Electronics  6   Samsung Makes 10nm Qcomm SoC  5   Intels Nervana Attacks GPUs  4   Bosch CEO: Hanging on to Lead  2   Project volume hides Indias solar reality  1   Smartphone-Bound VR/AR to Be Boosted by Lasers  1   Macom Buys Applied for Comms  1   Top 20 IC Ranking: Apple Rises Most Like Us on Facebook EE Times on Twitter follow us Tweets about "from:eetimes" Sign up for EE Times newsletter GLOBAL NETWORK EE Times Asia EE Times China EE Times Europe EE Times India EE Times Japan EE Times Korea EE Times Taiwan EDN Asia EDN China EDN Japan ESC Brazil Communities EE Times | EDN | EBN | DataSheets.com | Embedded | TechOnline | Design News | DesignCon | ESC Working With Us: About | Editorial Policies | Contact Us | Media Kits | Reprints Terms of Service | Privacy Statement | Copyright © 2016 AspenCore All Rights Reserved To rate this item, click on a rating below. [close this box]   To save this item to your list of favorite EE Times content so you can find it later in your Profile page, click the "Save It" button next to the item.   If you found this interesting or useful, please use the links to the services below to share it with other readers. You will need a free account with each service to share an item via that service. Tweet This [close this box] Latest News Semiconductor News Blogs Message Boards Advanced Technology Analog Boards/Buses Electromechanical Embedded Tools FPGAs/PLDs IP/EDA Logic & Interfaces Memory Operating Systems Optoelectronics Passives Power Processors RF/Microwave Sensors & Transducers Test & Measurement ARM Techcon DesignCon Designers of Things ESC EETimes University Tech Papers Courses    Fundamentals Webinars Design West DesignCon ARM Techcon
Free Subscription See the Current Issue Archived Issues Articles White Papers Products News Blogs 5-Minute Interviews Part Search Submit News and Products Automotive Industrial Industrial Hardware Industrial Software Industrial Networking Sensors and Control Human Interface Test & Measurement Smart Energy IoT Development Kit Selector Hardware Boards Sensors Systems Development Kit Selector Dev Tools and OS RTOS Virtualization Processing DSP IP Microcontroller Programmable Logic SoC …More Networking Cloud Storage Security DIY Development Kit Selector Medical Military PLUS: Embedded TechCon Ray Zinn: Lessons from a Leader List of Authors RSS Reference Designs Dev Kit Selector Newsletters Embedded Daily IoT Design Weekly Embedded Europe E-newsletter Automotive Embedded Systems Monthly E-Letter Webcasts E-Letter Intel(r) Joule(tm) Module Available for One Day Design-to-Order Service Karen Schultz - Leave a Comment Gumstix announced custom development tools for the newly released Intel(r) Joule(tm) module in the Geppetto(r) Design-to-Order (D2O) platform. Intel(r) customers can rapidly customize, design and manufacture small form-factor boards tailored to the just released Intel(r) Joule(tm) module or choose from six new Gumstix Expansion Boards designed for the Intel(r) Joule(tm) module, providing IoT makers multiple off the shelf expansion boards to jumpstart their Intel(r) Joule(tm) module development. Design and Order a Intel (r) Joule (TM) Module Expansion Board in a Day with Geppetto (r) D20 Choose from six Gumstix expansion boards to power the new Intel (R) Joule (TM) module REDWOOD CITY, Calif. August 16, 2016 — Gumstix®, Inc, the leader in design-to-order embedded systems, today announced custom development tools for the newly released Intel® Joule™ module in the Geppetto® Design-to-Order (D2O) platform created by Gumstix® engineers. Using Geppetto® D2O, Intel® customers can rapidly customize, design and manufacture small form-factor boards tailored to the Intel® Joule™ module. In addition, Gumstix is launching six Gumstix Expansion Boards for the Intel® Joule™ module, providing IoT makers multiple off the shelf expansion boards to jumpstart their Intel® Joule™ module development. The announcement of the Intel® Joule™ module reinforces Intel’s commitment to supporting Makers, Innovators and Entrepreneurs in the IoT market. The Intel® Joule™ module combines a 64 bit, Quad-Core compute engine with power management services, wireless connectivity and high speed I/O to accelerate users time to market. The module integrates compatible and complementary technologies while eliminating the need to select, procure and place discreet devices. The 6 new Gumstix expansion boards provide a multifunctional platform for the Intel® Joule™ module with a wide array of multimedia I/O, connections and sensors. Board Type IoT Application Feature HTPC Small Home Theatre PC Interposer Reuse One Module Multiple Times Multi-Flash Rapid upload of disk images to multiple COMs IoT Sensor Connect to barometer, 9-axis IMU, RGB, temperature Workstation Power station with HDMI, DSI, USB-Ethernet “Having the Intel® Joule™ module in Geppetto® D20 system means design in one day, production in three weeks. We support innovation from IoT Makers and provide them the fastest path to production for their ideas,” says Gordon Kruberg, Gumstix CEO, “with Geppetto ® D20 the entire path from concept to manufacturing can be completed online in a one-day design session. We may be seeing the fastest adoption of any embedded architecture ever.” Geppetto® is a free online design tool and allows users to compare module cost during design, create multiple projects and share ideas. Gumstix engineers verify all Geppetto-manufactured devices before production. The initial total manufacturing cost is $1999 with reduced rates for quantity discounts and repeat board spins. Gumstix products and quantity discounts are available at the Gumstix online store. “Intel, the Intel logo and Intel Joule are trademarks of Intel Corporation or its subsidiaries in the U.S. and/or other countries.” ### About Gumstix, Inc. As a global leader in design-to-order hardware and manufacturing solutions, Gumstix® gives its customers the power to solve their electronic design challenges with Geppetto® D2O -- the online design-to-order system-- and a broad portfolio of small computers and embedded boards. In addition to engineers and industrial designers, Gumstix® helps students, educators, and makers unlock their creative ideas to bring them to market. Since pioneering the concept of an extremely small computer-on-module (COM) with a full implementation of Linux in 2003, the company has grown to support over 20,000 diverse customers. Our systems have launched some of the world’s coolest products - from phones to drones - on commercial, university, and hobbyist workbenches in over 45 countries. For more information, visit www.gumstix.com Topics covered in this article wireless Linux Advertisement Embedded Computing Design Articles White Papers Products News Blogs 5-Minute Interviews Part Search © MMXVI Embedded Computing Design An OpenSystems Media publication. Home Archived Issues About Advertise Submit an Article Submit News and Products Privacy Policy Contact Last updated: Wed, 23 Nov 2016 12:31:05 +0000
Menu CLOSE News Videos Whitepapers eBooks Advertise Contact Us HOT TOPICS Nokia     Nokia Real-Time Mobile Network Analytics Improves End-to-End Mobile Service Delivery Customer Criteria for Choosing a Mobile Operator Vodafone says 76 percent of Companies Believe IoT is Critical to Future Success Stay Safe, San Diego: Nokia Bolsters Public Safety Systems The Array of Things (AoT) Project Selects AT&T for its Network Connectivity FEATURE NEWS Intel Project Alloy: The End of Monitors As We Know Them By Rob Enderle August 17, 2016  I’m at Intel’s Developer Forum, IDF, this week and one of the most interesting parts of the keynote is Intel’s move to Mixed Reality.  At the heat of this effort are a number of key Intel technologies.   You see, there is a huge problem with VR today.  It is really hard to set up the system because you need multiple cameras, hand sensors and a tethered headset.  I’m still working on my own HTV Vive— it’is not only a pain to set up, but if I try to move around with the headset on, there is a pretty good chance I’ll run into something or face plant because I’ve tripped over the cord or one of the PCs in the room.   Intel and Microsoft are working together to fix that, and plan to have that fix in the market in 2017.  The unintended consequence, though, may be that monitors will be dead.   What I think was fascinating was that Intel showcased a headset that is in direct competition with Microsoft’s Hololens, but likely would be better for things like gaming. Meanwhile Microsoft’s effort, which is far more refined and mature, would be better for the industrial implementations that currently define it. I’ll get to that in a moment; let’s first discuss Mixed Reality. Mixed Reality This is similar to what Microsoft called Holographics, but with one distinct difference.   Mixed reality allows real objects to interact with virtual objects in what is a VR world.  Holographics let virtual objects interact with real objects in a real world.   So, if you look at Intel’s headset, it is just like a VR headset except it has Intel’s Real Sense cameras on the front and sides.  This places the viewer in a rendered world and any real objects are seen by the cameras and integrated into that rendered world.   Microsoft’s Hololens is basically a semitransparent set of goggles; it also has cameras but they are positional, which allows rendered objects to appear like magic in the actual room you are in.  The advantage to the Intel approach is that you can create a photorealistic world based on real or imagined objects and, in theory, make each indistinguishable from the other—except nothing you see is truly real.  The advantage to Microsoft’s approach is you can actually see everything around you, even through the virtual objects, making it much safer for working on something and far less power hungry. It should also be lighter and easier to wear all day.   So if you are working on something, the Hololens is by far the most ideal solution because you can actually see what you are working on, but Intel’s Mixed Reality headset would be better if you don’t actually need to touch the physical things around you and vastly better for games which, as a result, should be more immersive.  In both cases you reduce the risk of walking or tripping on things because you can see them. The Death Of Monitors Now one of Microsoft’s presentations with Hololens is its ability to put a display on any surface, but the problem with their technology, at least in its current form, is that it doesn’t obscure what is behind it so you can see the wall behind any virtual monitor or TV you project and it just kind of floats there.   With Intel’s, since the entire scene is rendered, you not only can see a monitor like it would actually appear but you could decorate your office virtually and make it look like you were working on the bridge of a space ship, in Captain Nemo’s office under the sea, or in Jurassic Park, and it would look like a monitor or TV with no transparency.   I think, once mature, you will be able to not only have as big a display or as many as you would like, which is what is being showcased, but to actually reimagine your work or living space.  Wrapping Up:  RIP Monitors While I think we are in the last decade for monitors, resolutions and prices for this technology, not to mention weight, will likely keep our trusty monitors in place for the next 10 years.  After that though, and even before for those with the money, we’ll see a sharp decline in monitor use as they follow FAX machines, iPods and PDAs into technology obscurity.   The world is becoming virtual, and by this time next decade many of us will likely largely living in a mixed reality world and will game, work and watch TV on displays and in rooms only limited by our imaginations.   I can hardly wait.    Edited by Alicia Young Author Info Rob Enderle President and Principal Analyst, Enderle Group Click here to read full bio SHARE THIS ARTICLE Tweet Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Related Articles Making Sense of SpaceX, Boeing and Other Mega Satellite Broadband Projects By: Doug Mohney    11/22/2016 SpaceX's plan to put a whopping 4,425 satellites into low earth orbit (LEO) is the boldest plan for adding global non-terrestrial broadband capacity, … Read More The Abysmal Pace of New PC Tech By: Doug Mohney    11/22/2016 While storylines of the death of the PC have been running since the release of the iPad and the wave of tablets, it is clear that style has overtaken … Read More Five Ways Artificial Intelligence is Changing the Customer Experience By: Special Guest    11/22/2016 AI is transforming the way companies interact with customers. That's good news since the ability to consistently deliver an excellent customer experie… Read More How AI Could Make You a Much Smarter Looking Person By: Rob Enderle    11/21/2016 While some people fear artificial intelligence (AI), companies like Intel are embracing it to help people look smarter and make better decisions. Read More Symantec Locks in LifeLock in Nine-Figure Deal By: Steve Anderson    11/21/2016 Symantec purchases LifeLock in $2.3 billion deal, adds new cybersecurity options to its operations. Read More View All News WHAT'S HOT How Secure is the Internet of Things? Symantec Locks in LifeLock in Nine-Figure Deal How AI Could Make You a Much Smarter Looking Person Virtual vs. Real: Both Count When Selling FEATURED VIDEOS ConnectLeader WATCH NOW ConnectLeader WATCH NOW XKL at TEX 2016 WATCH NOW Richard McFarland of Voice4Net at Real Time Web Solutions 2016 WATCH NOW Bent Rye of Temasys at Real Time Web Solutions 2016 WATCH NOW FEATURED EVENTS Featured Editors Doug Mohney Latest Article: Making Sense of SpaceX, Boeing and Other Mega Satellite Broadband Projects Rob Enderle Latest Article: How AI Could Make You a Much Smarter Looking Person Peter Bernstein Latest Article: Municipal Broadband Future Problematic, FCC State Preemption Order Nixed by U.S. Appeals Court Subscribe Newsletter Sing up to receive our updates and other Techzone360 news! FEATURED WHITEPAPERS Advanced Process Automation: Setting New Standards of Service in Front & Back Office Operations DOWNLOAD NOW Four Futurists Give Insight into What It Means to be a Social Business DOWNLOAD NOW Empower Innovation with the Right Unified Collaboration Solution DOWNLOAD NOW The Business Benefits of Managed IT Services DOWNLOAD NOW The Business Benefits of Hosted UC DOWNLOAD NOW LATEST COMMENTS Updates Your Way... likes facebook tweets twitter eNews SUBSCRIBE shares RSS TECHZONE360 800 Connecticut Ave, 1st Floor East, Norwalk CT 06854 USA 800-243-6002, 203-852-6800; 203-866-3326 Quick Links VIDEOS EBOOKS ADVERTISE CONTACT US LATEST ARTICLES Making Sense of SpaceX, Boeing and Other Mega Satellite Broadband Projects The Abysmal Pace of New PC Tech Five Ways Artificial Intelligence is Changing the Customer Experience How AI Could Make You a Much Smarter Looking Person Symantec Locks in LifeLock in Nine-Figure Deal Powered by TMC © 2016 All Rights Reserved
null
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables Editors' Choice All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path WalmartBlackFriday TargetBlackFriday BestBuyBlackFriday PS4BlackFridayDeals ToysRUsBlackFriday Home/ Forward Thinking/ Can Intel and Microsoft Recreate the PC Market With VR? Can Intel and Microsoft Recreate the PC Market With VR? By Michael J. Miller August 17, 2016 10 Comments Intel and Microsoft seem to really want to team up to create the next-generation virtual reality platform. Watching the keynote at the Intel Developer Forum on Tuesday, what occurred most to me is how Intel and Microsoft seem to really want to team up to create the next-generation virtual reality platform, much as the two were the primary winners in the PC platform years ago. Seeing Intel CEO Brian Krzanich bring Terry Myerson, executive vice president for Windows and Devices at Microsoft, on stage to roll out the new platform brought back memories of Bill Gates and Andy Grove and the development of the whole "Wintel" platform in the 80s. Krzanich termed his vision "merged reality" to accommodate standard virtual reality (where you see a virtual world), augmented reality (where digital objects appear to exist in the physical world), and a mixed reality (where things in the real world show up in the virtual world). He began by showing off how most high-end VR headsets today run on Intel desktops, but need to be tethered. (Krzanich and Project Alloy) To go beyond this, he showed off Project Alloy, an all-in-one headset that includes computer and sensors in the headset itself. Among the unique features were 6 degrees of freedom, allowing you to move in any direction; and Intel's RealSense cameras tracking the real world around you while you're in the virtual world. One of the most interesting parts of this was being able to see your hands, and then use them to control objects in the virtual world. It's a very different concept from most of the game controllers we've seen in VR systems to date. Other features let you see people or things breaking into your virtual world if you get too close to them, so you don't run into things as you walk around in the virtual world. It's a neat idea, but of course, it will need software to make it work. That's where Microsoft comes in. Last year, Redmond introduced Windows Holographic and a developer version of HoloLens, all based on Intel's Cherry Trail platform. Now, an update for Windows coming next year will include a Windows Holographic shell, allowing you to see 2D and 3D within the same virtual world, so you can view standard "Windows apps" as well as 3D and VR titles. He showed a demo on a current Intel NUC (a tiny machine based on a Skylake processor with IRIS graphics) running at 90 frames per second. The two companies said they plan to have a common mixed reality specification ready for release by the Microsoft Windows Hardware Engineering Conference (WinHEC) in China in December and then move to support Project Alloy. Intel will make its Alloy platform available as an open specification for its partners by the second half of 2017. That seems like a long way out, but this is still just an emerging market. In the meantime, Krzanich showed off several other things for VR developers, like how Epic's Unreal Engine can re-render lighting in a VR scene on a system based on the Broadwell-E 10-core Extreme processor more than twice as fast as on a Core i7-6700 quad-core system. This also showed off a new version of the engine that lets you edit within the VR world directly. We also saw Intel's 360 Replay technology for sports, where an array of RealSense cameras captures the entire stadium, and lets you virtually move anywhere on court or on field, and view what is happening in a 360-degree view from any position. This was used in the NBA finals, and Intel said it is now installing the technology in stadiums across the country. Still, the concept of Intel and Microsoft working together struck me as the most interesting development. The two companies have been partners on PCs for a long time, though at times have chafed at the "Wintel" designation. When they've gone their separate ways—most notably in the mobile market—neither separately had the success they had together in PCs. In the VR/AR world, both face challenges. Facebook's Oculus platform and HTC's Vive both run on high-end Intel-based PCs today, but Oculus has a partnership with Samsung to provide Gear VR using Android and mobile phone chips that cuts out Intel and Microsoft. That platform may not have the same power, but is reaching more people. Similarly, Sony is coming out with hardware that runs on its PlayStation platform, also without Intel or Microsoft. Google recently announced the Daydream VR platform to run on top of Android. Magic Leap is creating its own environment. Right now, Windows Holographic is still in its infancy, and Project Alloy looks a bit too big and too clunky in its prototype stage. Both have a lot of work to do in the next year or so before this becomes a real platform. Then again, I remember how in the 70s and early 80s, most PCs ran Zilog Z-80s or MOS Technologies' 6502, and Apple or CP/M operating system, and Intel and Microsoft ended up in a partnership (unforeseen by matchmaker IBM) that changed the world. The question is: can they do it again? Back to top By Michael J. Miller Michael J. Miller's Forward Thinking Blog: forwardthinking.pcmag.com Michael J. Miller is chief information officer at Ziff Brothers Investments, a private investment firm. From 1991 to 2005, Miller was editor-in-chief of PC Magazine, responsible for the editorial direction, quality and presentation of the world's largest computer publication. Until late 2006, Miller was the Chief Content Officer for Ziff Davis Media, responsible for overseeing the editorial positions of Ziff Davis's magazines, websites, and events. As Editorial Director for Ziff Davis Publishing since 1997, Miller took an active role in... More » More Stories by Michael Living with a Google Pixel XL Pixel isn't perfect, but more than holds its own in the smartphone world. It's the purest Android e... More » Living with an iPhone 7 Plus Despite a few quibbles, Apple's latest large smartphone is the best I've ever used. More » Techonomy: Should Internet Giants Be Regulated? Many people are concerned that a few giant companies—Google, Facebook, Amazon, etc.—have so much inf... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Subscribe //Most Popular Articles 7 Things Not to Buy Before Black Friday Hands On With Snapchat Spectacles 9 Shows to Watch if You Love Westworld How Stoners Are Getting High (Tech) How to Capture Video Clips in Windows 10 10 Games Every Sony PlayStation 4 Player Needs »See More //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
