Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Impossible Project I-1 Polaroid Camera: The Gizmodo Review Leica's Waterproof X-U Camera: The Gizmodo Review Car Reviews Volvo S90: Australian Review 2016 Holden Astra: Australian Review Driving The Epic 2017 Nissan GT-R 2017 Ford Focus RS: Australian Review Phone Reviews Motorola Moto Z: Australian Review Battle Of The Cheap Smartphones: OnePlus 3T Vs LeEco Le Pro3 LG V20: Australian Review Sony Xperia XZ: Australian Review PC Reviews SCUF Infinity1 And Infinity4PS Pro Controllers: The Australian Review iKBC F87 Australian Review: No Frills, No Fuss Origin PC Chronos: Australian Review LG 27UD88 4K FreeSync Monitor: Australian Review Smartwatch Reviews Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review The Pebble 2 Is Now The Only Fitness Tracking Smartwatch You Need Fitbit Charge 2 Review: The Best Fitness Tracker, Period Gadgets Reviews DJI Mavic Pro 4K Drone Review: So Close To Terrific URB-E Electric Scooter: Australian Review This Folding Bike Has Built-In GPS To Track Your Rides This Handheld Scanner Was Supposed To Change My Life, But I've Never Been More Disappointed In A Gadget Gaming Reviews The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Razer's eSports Gear Didn't Make Me Want To Play An eSports, But It Sure Is Nice Anyway Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare: Australian Review Sony PlayStation 4 Pro: The Gizmodo Review Entertainment Reviews Emerald City Is So Shallow That It Almost Appears Deep Beyond Is The Perfect Sci-Fi Show To Have On While Cleaning Your Home Nvidia Shield (2017): The Gizmodo Review Apple AirPods: Australian Review Emerald City Is So Shallow That It Almost Appears Deep Beyond Is The Perfect Sci-Fi Show To Have On While Cleaning Your Home Microsoft Surface Book With Performance Base: Australian Review Volvo S90: Australian Review Gadgets FTC Says This Smartphone Breathalyser Is Actually A Bunch Of Crap These Are Your Most Insane Airplane Horror Stories The British Accidentally Fired A Ballistic Missile At The U.S. And It's Fine, Everything's Fine You Can Get A Weed Leaf Decal For Literally Any Gadget, So I Did Mobile Rural Mobile Broadband Coverage Is Getting A Boost From Optus How To Make Any Video Play Perfectly On Your Smartphone New Report: Fake iPhone Chargers Have a 99% Chance Of Failure Samsung Won't Launch The Galaxy S8 Until March Car Tech Watch A Guy Put His Car In Reverse At 110KM/H This Month In Dashcams: Learn To Overtake Safely, Please Uber To Pay Out $26 Million After Promising Drivers 'Exaggerated' Wages The 2018 Ford Mustang Kills The V6, But Gets Magnetic Ride Online Peter Thiel Gains New Zealand Citizenship As Tech Elites Prep For Doomsday A US ISP Tweeted Out Some Spectacularly Awful Security Advice Tidal And Sprint Create The Saddest Business Partnership Ever Wikihow Turned Obama, Jay-Z And Beyoncé White To Explain 'How To Become A Congressman' Science & Health Watch How Fossils Get Cleaned And Prepared These Five Teams Will Duke It Out For $26 Million In A Race To The Moon The Most Advanced Weather Satellite Yet Just Dropped Its First Amazing Images Yes, The Eerie Carl Sagan Prediction That's Going Viral Is Real Cameras I'm Equally Excited For Two Very Different Cameras An Australian Company Says It Can Hijack Drones Wirelessly Leica's M10 Is Another Beautiful, High-End German Masterpiece Of A Camera You Can Now Do Harvard's Photography Course Online (For Free) Computing Deals: Learn How To Blind Everyone With Data Science 5 Reasons To Give Microsoft's Edge Browser Another Chance Even With A GTX 1060, Is Intel's Quad-Core Q6600 Good Enough? 4 Computer Security Threats You Might Not Be Protecting Against Gaming Don't Have Kids Neko Atsume Could Seriously Be The First Good Video Game Movie What We Know About The Nintendo Switch's Garbage Graphics This Might Be The Cthulhu Video Game Of Our Nightmares, Er, Dreams Entertainment The Godzilla Sequel Has Found Its Director All Arrival and No Deadpool: The Oscar Nominations Are Here Seeing The Seasons Pass In Norway Is Just So Good Feeding A Toucan Froot Loops Is Probably A Bad Idea Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment Best. School Excursion. Ever. Don't Have Kids Who Is 'The Last Jedi'? The British Accidentally Fired A Ballistic Missile At The U.S. And It's Fine, Everything's Fine Microsoft Surface Book With Performance Base: Australian Review Campbell Simpson Jan 19, 2017, 2:00pm ⋅ Filed to:  2-in-1s Australian Stories laptop & tablet reviews laptops microsoft microsoft surface book microsoft surface book with performance base surface book surface book with performance base windows 10 Share Microsoft's Surface Book has always been a unique gadget — a great ultraportable laptop, with the extra appeal of a completely detachable tablet screen that contains all the smarts and processing to run proper Windows. The newest Performance Base variant of the Surface Book adds double the graphics power, without making any significant compromise on battery life — but it's also using tech that Microsoft's competitors have left behind. What Is It? Building The Surface Book: The Very Best Of Microsoft The Surface Book is Microsoft's own laptop, a convertible 2-in-1 that can run double duty as a everyday laptop and then transform into a touchscreen tablet device for watching movies or editing photos or drawing using Microsoft's digitiser-friendly Surface Pen. It's first and foremost a laptop, but all of the non-graphics processing is done in the top half, which unclips entirely from the base and contains its own battery. The base contains the lion's share of battery power, but also has a standalone graphics card that vastly improves the laptop's 3D performance. The Performance Base variant of the existing Surface Book, itself now over a year old, swaps the existing low-end Nvidia GeForce GPU for a more powerful GeForce GTX 965M. $3799 is the starting price you'll pay for a Performance Base variant of the Surface Book. That's a $1000 premium on top of the cheapest Surface Book, and gets you that discrete Nvidia GeForce GTX 965M graphics card along with up to 16 hours of battery life during video playback. Every Performance Base variant of the Surface Book packs Intel's 6th-gen Core i7-6600U dual-core processor zipping along at up to 3.4GHz, and either 8GB of RAM on the 256GB storage model ($4399) or 16GB of RAM on the 512GB storage model ($5199). What's It Good At? Time has been good to the Surface Book. The design of a now-year-old laptop still doesn't look or feel outdated, and that's a testament to the amount of time and effort that Microsoft put into building it in the first place. The Performance Base variant is very slightly thicker than the initial iteration, although you wouldn't even realise it unless you had the two side by side to compare directly. The same open-sided design and articulated hinge design remains, of course — and while the Surface Book definitely looks a bit weird side-on, it's a good kind of weird. The Performance Base actually has the very positive side effect of making the Surface Book more bottom-heavy, meaning it's easier to open with a single hand and easier to balance on your lap when you're not typing at a desk. The new Performance Base's keyboard tray is very slightly recessed compared to the older version, and still remains very enjoyable to type on for a laptop with no keyboard flex during heavy and fast typing even in the centre of the board. That excellent and large trackpad remains and while it's not up to comparison with Apple's Force Touch models, it's one of the best you'll find for navigating around Windows 10 and using the various swiping gestures that are a part of it. And with the Performance Base, you get a laptop that has finally had all the kinks worked out of it. My first few months with Microsoft's debut Surface Book — which is actually getting to be really affordable now, starting at $2299 — were a little bit rocky. The mediocre magnetic charging connector that doesn't always clip in correctly at the first try remains, but the laptop itself has changed dramatically from the Windows software updates and the Surface firmware updates that have been applied since launch. The process of undocking and re-docking the tablet segment and Performance Base, for example, works perfectly consistently on the new model where on the original it had a slight percentage chance of either not detaching or of unexpectedly restarting the machine. It's hard to talk about the Surface Book — in any of its variants, but doubly true of the Performance Base — without talking about its beautiful 13.5-inch 3000x2000 pixel, novel 3:2 ratio touchscreen display. It's nice. It's so nice. It's crisp and sharp and has amazing contrast, and excellent brightness that ranges from "low enough to type away on a dark overnight plane trip" to "bright enough to type away in a park in the middle of the day". The Performance Base means you can push the Surface Book to make use of that beautiful PixelSense display in more modern games and with higher-resolution files in processing-intensive applications, because you have more powerful graphics to run them with. Every Performance Base model uses the best of Intel's sixth-generation Core i7 mobile processor family, too. What's It Not Good At? The Performance Base version of the Surface Book is, at the end of the day, a moderate upgrade in graphical processing power over the original Surface Book. That model, released in late 2015, used a semi-custom graphics chip designed by Nvidia, which turned out to be based upon the GeForce 940M. The Performance Base hides a GeForce GTX 965M. It'll give a huge help to graphics-accelerated desktop applications like Photoshop, but with more demanding modern games like Titanfall 2 and Battlefield 1, it struggles at any resolution approaching the Surface Book's native 3000x2000px. The biggest issue facing the Surface Book's Performance Base variant is that, in 2017, it's going up against competitors using Intel's newer and more efficient 7th generation Kaby Lake mobile processors, and competitors using Nvidia's newer and more efficient 10-Series GeForce mobile graphics chips, and more importantly competitors using both at the same time. The unique 2-in-1 detachable tablet proposition of the Surface Book — you can take the screen off and carry it with you to halve the weight and bulk of the system — remains unassailable, but for outright performance and price and therefore value for money the Performance Base finds itself in rough water. Similarly, this was the mid-life update that I was hoping would see some I/O upgrades, most notably to the USB Type-C connector that Microsoft's odd-couple competitor Apple switched entirely to in the equally new MacBook Pro. A complete switch to Type-C would have been kinda annoying — that's why everyone's complaining about it on the MacBook! — but it would have been nice to see at least one native Type-C port with fast USB 3.1 transfer speeds on the new Performance Base, even if it had to take the place of both the miniDisplayPort connector and one of the existing full-size USB 3.0 ports. Native Type-C peripherals are starting to become widely available and this would have future-proofed Microsoft's flagship Windows device. And, of course, the Surface Book remains an expensive proposition. In a world of sub-$2000 competitors with discrete graphics cards, the $3799 starting price of the 8GB/256GB variant of the performance Surface Book is a big ask; step up to the 512GB or 1TB storage models with the 16GB of RAM I'd almost suggest as a default these days for anyone working on any kind of performance application, and you're paying $4399 or $5199. That's not stupid money, but it's a lot, and it's a lot taking into account the fact that the Surface Book is using older tech than some of its competitors. Should You Buy It? Just like the original, identical Surface Book on which it is based, the $3799-plus Microsoft Surface Book with Performance Base is a beautiful and unique piece of technology. It's unique in that it's equally well usable as a tablet and a laptop, thanks to Microsoft's end-to-end integration of the hardware with a (finally) mature version of Windows 10. This has taken just about a year for Microsoft to get right — the original Surface Book was plagued for some people with a series of bugs, most notably the laptop turning itself on whenever it was unplugged from a charger, despite being closed and shoved away in a bag — but the result is a refined hardware and software combo that works. (The best part of which still remains Windows Hello face-unlocking.) There's no way to upgrade the hardware of an original Surface Book to get the advantages of the Performance Base, either. Here I am wishing you could buy the Performance Base as a standalone upgrade for the original Surface Book at a smaller outlay. That would address some of the complaints I've heard from early Surface Book adopters who are beginning to run into the performance barriers of the older first-generation discrete Nvidia GPU. It's not the biggest problem in the world — Surface Book owners are a small niche already, those with older discrete GPU bases more so, those wanting to upgrade even less so again — but even then, it would have been nice. The Surface Book lives on its looks and design, and dies on its specifications. The upgrade in outright graphics grunt is significant — the 965M is powerful enough to get the GTX moniker that Nvidia denotes its gaming-ready chips with — but the entire Surface Book refresh comes at a difficult time in the mid-life upgrade cycle. There's an entire generation of newer and more powerful and more energy efficient hardware, and if you're buying a Surface Book you're investing in technology that (while still good) is outclassed by its competitors. It's definitely no slouch, but part of me wishes that Microsoft had held off to slot in 10-Series Nvidia graphics and 7th Gen Intel gear. Of course, I feel the same way about the Surface Studio, and I'd still buy one right now if I could. Specifications (slightly) aside, the Surface Book with Performance Base will appeal very much to those that want to use it for a purpose that makes use of its combo of excellent general laptop performance and the extra utility of the detachable tablet portion and 2-in-1 switchable display setup. I find myself using the touchscreen and the tablet much less than the keyboard — I'm a writer, after all — but it does have its applications, like photo editing. And Lightroom is an absolute joy to use because of it. If you're a creative professional — if you want a professional laptop, or if you want to be creative — then the Surface Book makes that happen. Comments sherbert86 @sherbert86 Jan 19, 2017, 3:50pm Pricing needs Australianising - try $3799 :*( Reply 0 Campbell Simpson @campbellsimpson AUTHOR Jan 19, 2017, 4:32pm Already fixed, ta! Reply 0 orangesherbert Guest Jan 20, 2017, 8:25am That's what you get with copy pasta articles Reply -1 Campbell Simpson @campbellsimpson AUTHOR Jan 20, 2017, 9:47am Hullo, pal! Would love to know what you think is copypasted in this review :) Reply 0 ionchef @ionchef Jan 20, 2017, 12:17pm The price !! Reply 1 MotorMouth @motormouth Jan 19, 2017, 3:53pm I have said before that my Surface Book is the worst PC experience of my life and, whilst that is absolutely true, it is also true that over time most of the problems were sorted out. When I finally decided to get rid of it, the only remaining issue was that it wouldn't work with my Novation Ultranova, a USB music peripheral that I use on stage with my band. If I had managed ot get them working together, I would definitely still have the Surface Book. What amazed me was, when I cleaned it up and took some photos of it for eBay, I realised that after one full year of normal use it did not show the slightest hint of use. I couldn't find the tiniest scratch or mark anywhere on the outside and, after a simple wipe down with a damp cloth, the keyboard looked like it had never been used. Within a week of using the Dell XPS 13 I replaced it with, the Dell was showing way more signs of use (and it is a helluva lot harder to clean). That tells me that the care Microsoft have taken with their Vapour Mg coating makes for a really tough, super-premium device. I had a similar realisation with the display. People like to complain about touchscreens but I realised last week that the display on my XPS13 is much dirtier than I would ever have allowed my Surface Book's to get, simply because the touchscreen was made to be easy to clean, where the matte screen on the XPS needs a damp cloth or a cleaning spray to remove crap and you have to be much more careful or you end up with streaks on it. It has made me realise that touchscreens are actually better when it comes to not having marks on your screen, something which is sompletely counter-intuitive but also true. Last edited January 19, 2017 4:04 pm Reply 1 DevMac Guest Jan 19, 2017, 4:27pm So, would you say it's worth the (extremely) premium price over similar spec laptops? Reply 0 MotorMouth @motormouth Jan 19, 2017, 5:11pm That will depend on your needs. If you need the graphics grunt, it's not much of a premium over other laptops with 2Gb cards but the Iris Pro graphics in my XPS 13 runs Adobe CC and 3DS Max perfectly well. One thing I can tell you is that if you put an XPS 13 and a Surface Book in front of me and asked me to choose one, it would be a really hard choice. Reply 0 nizmo_man @nizmo_man Jan 20, 2017, 12:06pm Were you issues related to the laptop/hardware or Windows 10/drivers? Reply 0 data-cain @data-cain Jan 19, 2017, 11:06pm I have a Surface Pro 3. I would not buy one again. I don't use it often and use to like it a lot, but when I look back I realize it's actually been problematic more often than not. Last edited January 19, 2017 11:10 pm Reply 0 orangesherbert Guest Jan 20, 2017, 8:30am Good thing they don't sell Surface Pro 3's anymore then- isn't it. I own a Surface Book - literally the best electronics purchase I have made in the last 5 years. I am blown away by every aspect of it (failing me having enough money to buy a higher speced version) I have had zero problems with it for 8 months of its life Reply 0 data-cain @data-cain Jan 20, 2017, 1:00pm Good thing they don't sell Surface Pro 3's anymore then- isn't it. :O Reply 0 barry @barry Jan 20, 2017, 8:38am That's strange because myself and others have never had a problem with SP3. Everything worked, use mine all the time and I've found it a joy to use. I don't game with it and it's always been work only. Thinking back I think the only issue I ever had was with the battery when they released the firmware but that was fixed later but it was a pain when the battery drained faster than before. What things have you had issues with? Reply 0 data-cain @data-cain Jan 20, 2017, 1:39pm A few things, sadly - I'll note what I can think of below. Maybe it's because I use it so infrequently, as when I did use it a little more often it seemed better. I'm planning on using it a lot this year as I go back to UNI, so hopefully it stars behaving better again. :P I upgraded it to Win 10 at one point and was getting weird issues - things freezing, closing, etc. To revert to Win 8, you have to download a specific ISO from MS that matches your items serial, I already had Win 8 ISO's so it was that made it inconvenient. But, it actually turned into a real pain because I had limited internet access at the time, and the MS server was a slow piece of shit; the first 3-4 times I attempted the download it would drop the connection several hours in (and would not resume). There were no alt servers I could find at the time and in the end it took around 14-15h to get the full download (which I think was 3.5gb total) - also note, this was on a 35Mbit connection, which could download that in about 20mins. Then installation of the special Win 8 ISO was a PITA too. My standard ISO's would install and work fine, but couldn't be activated for a reason I don't recall. Anyway after a bunch of dicking around I got it all working again. With both version of Windows I would get issues sliding the lock screen up, either by touch or by keypress. I was not impressed by the battery life and standby life either. Specially if you use the wrong apps! i.e. Chrome was a no-no, as it would eat a full battery in about 1.5 hours (I don't know if it's still bad), even if it wasn't being used directly, and only the background service was running. Frequently it gets stuck in 'off'' mode too, and I end up spending 15mins trying to get the stupid thing to turn on. The hard reset controls don't always respond for some reason. The keyboard often doesn't activate properly so the track pad and/or keys don't function - so I have to pull it off and reconnect a bunch of times till it works correctly. The pen sensitivity is temperamental as to which days it will function on. Some days it will only start at like 35% pressure and others it will apply like 5% pressure when it's hovering. Strangely this actually seemed to have remedied itself. Lack of USB ports is a PITA too. A Bluetooth mouse (which I don't have), and USB splitter can ease this issue, but still kinda shit. Power brick is a little bit awkward - the connection is nice enough though. Reply 0 barry @barry Jan 20, 2017, 1:58pm I must admit that I've had very small issues with the keyboard turning the screen on or waking it up. Seems the keyboard doesn't turn on unless I press a key like the spacebar to wake up the keyboard. I hope that makes sense. With upgrading to Win10, I never had a problem with that and since it's been installed I've had no major issues at all, I did have issues with Win8 when it was installed but again they were minor or where fixed with updates. The battery life, I've never had any issues and whenever someone says it has 8 hours of life, I would work to 6 hour limit because it depends on what you are using, (chrome). The USB, I put that down to being battery life and it's meant to be very portable. Have too many devices plugged in might drain the battery faster than one would like so I personally don't mind the single USB port Reply 0 data-cain @data-cain Jan 20, 2017, 2:29pm yeah I dunno what the go was with Win10. I use it on my Desktop PC with little issue - to do get common freeze on cold boot (probably due to hardware), but a reset and it boots ok. Generally very stable after that. Yep, I understand what you mean with the keyboard; I've heard many people say the same - but for me it just doesn't do it for some reason - like it might not work at all, or it 'half' wakes so the touch pad might work, but keys don't, or vice versa. If I'm careful with apps, battery life is ok. But Chrome would literally deplete a 100% battery to forced shutdown within 90 minutes, even while closed because of the services in the background; might be better these days, I haven't really tried it as I uninstalled it to avoid the issue :P At least if they had two USB ports it would be ok. I don't use a Bluetooth mouse which makes one port annoying. :| two would make it ok. I just use a splitter atm because I can't justify buying a Bluetooth Mouse (I'm poor). Reply 0 data-cain @data-cain Jan 20, 2017, 2:34pm oh and the other thing about the battery. Standby drains the battery pretty quick. My old iPad can sit in 'sleep' mode for like 2 months and still have 50% left (and it's getting pretty old now), but my Surface which is much newer... 1 week and it might have charge left if I'm lucky, and it was like that from the start. Just annoying that it has to always be plugged in, or it'll be dead when you want it. Last edited January 20, 2017 2:35 pm Reply 0 dudeface @dudeface Jan 20, 2017, 2:25am I've been eyeing the Surface Book for a while for my more portable needs (already got a great desktop but a laptop pushing a decade old). How would it compare to similar specced 2in1s or an Ultrabook & Wacom tablet for illustration and 3D work? Lugging around a laptop and Cintiq seems like a pain with it needing its own power supply. A Laptop and regular Intuos tablet is serviceable. However, the Surface Book does look like it bundles together a decent amount of what a creative might need. It's not the cheapest thing out there but the review mentions that it would work well for creatives. Any thoughts or comments would be appreciated. Reply 0 MotorMouth @motormouth Jan 20, 2017, 10:39am If it was me, I think I'd probably prefer a Surface Pro. It is cheaper and more portable but it is definitely powerful enough for illustration. If you were using something like Mari or Z_Brush, you might need more graphics grunt but for 2d/vector illustration, a Surface Pro will be great. Reply 0 dudeface @dudeface Jan 20, 2017, 3:32pm Big cheers for the input. I'll definitely take a closer look at the Surface Pro. Time to reconsider how much 3D (Solid Works/Maya) I'll actually be doing away from the main desktop. Reply 0 kipple @kipple Jan 20, 2017, 10:20pm I bought a Surface Book for illustration but returned it because the pen is not responsive enough. If you are used to Wacom devices, you'll probably find the initial activation force of the Surface pen is too high. I will stick with my Cintiq Companion 2 until the Surface pen tech improves. Wacom has almost finished its dual protocol pen, which will work with the Surface as well as many other tablet PCs. Whether it improves the experience of drawing on the Surface remains to be seen. Reply 0 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now Samsung Explains Why The Galaxy Note7 Kept Exploding Campbell Simpson 23 Jan 2017 11:30 AM It's time. After more than four months, the world's largest smartphone manufacturer is ready to reveal the exact reason that the Galaxy Note7 -- its most advanced smartphone ever, and the year's strongest competitor to Apple's iPhone 7 -- was recalled. Friends Don't Let Friends Use Flash Campbell Simpson 23 Jan 2017 4:00 PM I've been having a hell of a time loading YouTube videos on my home PC recently. Then, after a little bit of investigation, I found out why. Somehow, Adobe Flash was installed. After running outside and turning three times, spitting and cursing, I uninstalled it. You should do the same. Here's how. Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Subscribe to the #staticpodcast Static Podcast: The Best Of Season Four Static Podcast: Bruce Campbell (And All Of Our Other Favourite Interviews) Gizmodo's Static Podcast: Are Videogame Reviews Important Or Redundant? Gizmodo's Static Podcast: How To Become The Citizen Of A Space Nation Trending Articles 1 Samsung Explains Why The Galaxy Note7 Kept Exploding 2 Friends Don't Let Friends Use Flash 3 These Are Your Most Insane Airplane Horror Stories 4 Peter Thiel Gains New Zealand Citizenship As Tech Elites Prep For Doomsday 5 Yes, The Eerie Carl Sagan Prediction That's Going Viral Is Real The Godzilla Sequel Has Found Its Director Watch How Fossils Get Cleaned And Prepared Peter Thiel Gains New Zealand Citizenship As Tech Elites Prep For Doomsday All Arrival and No Deadpool: The Oscar Nominations Are Here Overwatch's Lunar New Year Event Is Now Live, Here's What's In It Samsung's Galaxy S8 Won't Appear Until March Smash Bros. Match From Weekend's Tournament Is Some Epic Anime Shit What You Need To Know About The Sims 4 Vampires Netflix Makes It Easy For Android Users To Save Movies To An SD Card Dealhacker: UberEATS Can Deliver Free Ice To Your Door This Australia Day The Best Google Play Music Tips And Tricks You May Not Know About Self Control, The Brute-Force Distraction Blocker, Lands On The iPhone Here's how long you should keep your tax filings, pay stubs, and other important financial records The founder of a $3.9 trillion investment giant has some advice for wannabe money managers Here's every US state's December unemployment rate Mark Zuckerberg says he has no plans to run for president © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Log in to Gizmodo Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Gizmodo User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
M³ CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Video US govt can't stop Microsoft taking its Irish email seizure fight to the Supreme Court Yahoo! boo! hoo! hoo!: Verizon! hits! brakes! on! $4.8bn! biz! gobble! We're not quitting the UK: Microsoft quashes Brexit fake news UK courts experiencing surge in cyber-crime case load Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH US Army's spun-off GPU database gets ready for more matrix operations Spun-out Nexsan now prowling the market for growth and acquisitions IBM: We're not putting XIV on the cart Shocked, I tell you. BT to write off £530m over 'improper' Italian accounts practices Oh, the things Vim could teach Silicon Valley's code slingers Solaris 11.next plan brings continuous delivery of OS upgrades Google hardwires its Android app store into new Chromebooks Resistence is futile: HPE must face Oracle over Solaris IP US govt can't stop Microsoft taking its Irish email seizure fight to the Supreme Court UK courts experiencing surge in cyber-crime case load Penguins force-fed root: Cruel security flaw found in systemd v228 DDoSing has evolved in the vacuum left by IoT's total absence of security UK.gov still drowning in legacy tech because no one's boarding Blighty's £700m data centre Ark UK.gov departments are each clinging on to 100 terabytes of legacy data Digital transformation?! Your boss's PowerPoint New Year resolution, deconstructed Tech committee slams UK.gov for dithering over digital strategy Continuous Lifecycle London: Save over 25% with early bird tickets SporeStack: Disposable, anonymous servers, via Bitcoin and Python Oracle slurps enterprise cloud API wrangler Apiary I'll have Fabric, Crashlytics... Google crams Twitter mobile dev tools in trolley Policy The Channel Yahoo! boo! hoo! hoo!: Verizon! hits! brakes! on! $4.8bn! biz! gobble! We're not quitting the UK: Microsoft quashes Brexit fake news Jinn workers besiege delivery app co-founder to protest wage changes Brexit, schmexit: Christmas sales up 4 per cent at Dixons Carphone 2014: El Reg booze lab proves Bluetooth breathalyzers are crap. 2017: US govt agrees Samsung Galaxy S8 will be a no-show at MWC, exec says Samsung set a fire under battery-makers to make the Galaxy Note 7 flaming brilliant DirecTV Now plagued with faults, but uptake not slowing SPB Geek's Guide We've found a ‘vaccine’ for fake news. Wait! No, we really are Cambridge researchers Korean boffins vow 1,000km-an-hour supertrain NASA fires first shot in plan to bring a chunk of asteroid down to Earth Euro space agency's Galileo satellites stricken by mystery clock failures Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Verizon waves its IoT credentials, boasts of adopting US-centric one 'It will go wrong. There's no question of time... on safety or security side' Nuclear power station sensors are literally shouting their readings at each other Yes, just what they need: Curious Dr MISFA injects a healthy dose of curiosity into robots Verity Stob Irish townsfolk besieged by confused smut channel callers Batman v Superman leads Razzie nominations Make America, wait, what again? US Army may need foreign weapons to keep up Annoyingly precocious teen who ruined Trek is now an asteroid More like this Intel Iot Retail Emergent Tech Internet of Things You know how online shops love to keep tabs on you? Now it's coming to the offline world Intel taps IoT tech to gather stats on shoppers 18 Jan 2017 at 07:03, Kieren McCarthy Intel promises to provide real-world retailers with the same analytics as online stores, with the release of a new internet-of-things retail platform. CEO Brian Krzanich announced Intel's Responsive Retail Platform (RRP) at the annual National Retail Federation conference in New York – with his organization also flagging the system in a fact sheet [PDF], a press release and a blog post bylined by Krzanich. The company promises to bring sanity to the IoT world, providing a single horizontal platform that will work with a wide range of sensors and standards but present a simple interface to companies. The open-source analytics platform is cloud-based and will provide real-time analytics and actions – letting store employees know what they need to restock, for example. It is designed to be easy to introduce to stores, according to the company. It has worked with a range of companies in an effort to cover most of the hardware requirements, including Avery Dennison, Honeywell, Fujitsu and SAP. However, tellingly, it is also introducing its own specific retail multi-sensor with an RFID reader and antenna. Future versions of the sensor will include video, Wi-Fi and BLE (bluetooth smart/low energy), all running on an Intel Atom processor, the company said. That Intel feels the need to put its own sensor into an already crowded market may flag that the company is having the same problem as everyone else: the disparate systems currently available make it hard to build a simple platform that covers everything. To go with the platform and sensors, Intel also "announced" an existing HP-created point-of-sale machine that runs on Intel's i7 and Xeon processors. It will allow stores to keep track of sales and inventory. Krzanich said on stage that, combined, the systems will "take retail to the next era of highly efficient and personalized shopping, and intelligently lead businesses into the future." In his post he added: "Until now, detailed shopper data was only available to online storefronts. At Intel, we believe that increasingly retailers will be separated by those who have data and use it to grow and optimize the shopping experience, and those who don't and make their decisions based on 'experience' and subjective observations." Along with the platform, he also highlighted a retail robot – Simbe Robotics' Tally – that can scan shelves and make sure that a store is stocked, with products in the right place, and with the correct prices. The robot is intended to work while customers are still in the store. It's powered by an Intel processor, of course. ® Sponsored: DevOps and continuous delivery Tips and corrections 42 Comments More from The Register AWS hops aboard Internet of Things bandwagon Don't laugh, you can get a shiny sticker out of it 4 Comments Ex-Nokia IoT bods Cumulocity join hands with Teleena Partnership will plug LoRa and general IoTness 2 Comments Internet of Things alliance LoRa: Licence to WAN? Yes please Coughing up for spectrum might be worth it for quality of service 4 Comments Intel taps baton, tells the IoT orchestra to tune up Chipzilla updates dev environment for Thing connectivity Dyn Dyn Dyn – we have a buyer: Oracle gobbles Internet of Things DDoS victim Scoops up Twitter with A-list DNS customer list 19 Comments Internet of Things botnets: You ain’t seen nothing yet SSSh*t just got real 57 Comments Whitepapers Hunting insider threats Insider threats are a real risk to business because they threaten both customer and employee trust. Accelerated Computing and the Democratization of Supercomputing This whitepaper provides an analysis on how accelerators like the NVIDIA Tesla P100 can lower data center cost by up to 50%. 4 cloud myths that stand in the way of collaboration For many businesses around the globe, the shift to the cloud is already underway. However, there may be reasons why your organisation hasn’t made the move, including concerns around security, disrupting productivity or the cost of adoption. Machine Learning Delivers Better IT Insights Learn how predictive analytics and machine learning can improve application performance. Most read Cisco's WebEx Chrome plugin will execute evil code, install malware via secret 'magic URL' UK.gov still drowning in legacy tech because no one's boarding Blighty's £700m data centre Ark Government to sling extra £4.7bn at R&D in bid to Brexit-proof Britain Samsung set a fire under battery-makers to make the Galaxy Note 7 flaming brilliant Stallman's Free Software Foundation says we need a free phone OS Spotlight El Reg drills into chatbot hype: The AIs that want to be your web butlers Top of the bots: This AI isn't a cold, cruel killing machine – it's a pop music hit machine Spark meets HAL: Apache's cluster master goes deep Oh, the things Vim could teach Silicon Valley's code slingers Trumping free trade: Say 'King of Bankruptcy' Ross does end up in charge of US commerce StorageCraft gobbles Exablox to become data management monolith Seven pet h8s: Verity is sorely vexed My hole is a private thing – see for yourself Sponsored links New from Avere - Cloud-Enabled Data Center for Dummies. Download now Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Is This Apple Inc. iPhone 8 Rumor True? This sketchy Apple iPhone 8 wireless component rumor doesn't hold up to scrutiny. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Jan 18, 2017 at 9:14PM On Twitter, user Arkthub sent me a link to a forum post containing an interesting rumor about a key component inside of Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) 2017 smartphone lineup. The forum post, which appears to have originally shown up on website TheLayoff.com, essentially says the following: Apple won't use Intel's (NASDAQ:INTC) upcoming XMM 7480 cellular modem in the next-generation iPhone for several reasons, which essentially boil down to the fact that the 7480 is technologically inferior to competing solutions. Apple will instead use Qualcomm's (NASDAQ:QCOM) Snapdragon X12 modem as well as the follow-on to the XMM 7480, known as the XMM 7560. Although on the surface this rumor might seem reasonable, it doesn't quite make sense upon further thought.  The XMM 7560 probably won't be ready Intel CEO Brian Krzanich has made it clear that the company intends to release new stand-alone cellular modems at an annual clip. Intel began shipping the 7360 during the second quarter of 2016, so it makes sense that the follow-on to 7360, which Intel calls the XMM 7480, will begin shipping in the second quarter of 2017 -- just in time for Apple's next-generation iPhone models (if Intel wins the spots, that is). Image source: Apple.  It seems very unlikely that Intel would have the follow-on to the XMM 7480, known as the XMM 7560, ready for commercial deployment in time for the iPhone 8 launch. After all, if the XMM 7560 were going to be all set for commercial deployments just a year after the XMM 7360 shipped, then wouldn't it make sense for Intel to just cancel the XMM 7480 altogether? So, at the very least, this part of the rumor doesn't appear to be likely. What modems will be inside of the next iPhone, then? The following is pure speculation on my part -- there haven't been many leaks about the next-generation iPhones, particularly with respect to the individual components and suppliers thereof that will be in the phones. However, key Apple supplier Broadcom (NASDAQ:AVGO), which supplies radio frequency (RF) and Wi-Fi connectivity components for Apple's iPhones, has indicated on several occasions that it expects to enjoy dollar-content increases in successive iPhone generations. Increased RF content suggests enhanced wireless capabilities, which not only helps Broadcom's business, but also tells us that cellular modem upgrades are probably on the way.  The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus use either Intel's XMM 7360 or Qualcomm's Snapdragon X12 – depending on the model. The Snapdragon X12 is more capable than the XMM 7360, but Apple appears to be artificially restricting the capabilities of the former to ensure parity of wireless specifications of both. Image source: Qualcomm.  One hypothesis that I've put out there in the past is that Apple could deliver better wireless capabilities in its rumored OLED iPhone model compared to the capabilities found in the more mainstream models. In that case, I could see Apple using Qualcomm's Snapdragon X16 modem (i.e., gigabit-class LTE) in the OLED model, and then sticking with the X12 or using the Intel XMM 7480 in the other ones. The X12 would, once again, need to be "sandbagged" to bring it to parity with the XMM 7480 (the X12 supports up to 600 megabits per second download speeds; the 7480 supports just 450 megabits per second). We'll know more in about eight months when Apple formally unveils its next generation iPhone models. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple, Qualcomm, and Twitter. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Broadcom and Intel. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Jan 18, 2017 at 9:14PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $119.97 down $0.11 (-0.09%) Broadcom NASDAQ:AVGO $197.77 up $6.77 (3.54%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $37.62 up $0.85 (2.31%) Qualcomm NASDAQ:QCOM $55.03 up $0.15 (0.27%) Read More How This Apple Inc. Supplier Created Hundreds of Thousands of Jobs in the United States Why 2017 Will Be the Year of the Virtual Assistant Does This Apple, Inc. Stock Recovery Have Legs? What Investors Should Expect When Intel Corp. Reports Fourth-Quarter Earnings Welcome Back, Apple TV Speculation Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Is This Apple Inc. iPhone 8 Rumor True? @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $AVGO, $INTC, $QCOM
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Thursday, 19 January 2017 | MYT 9:00 AM Upcoming 2017 MacBook Pros could get latest-gen Intel Core Kaby Lake processors Major upgrades: Apple's most recent generation of MacBook Pro laptops launched in November 2016. — Apple Apple is expected to upgrade its 13in and 15in MacBook Pro laptops, released last fall, by the end of 2017.  Rumours already point to the arrival of Intel's latest-generation microprocessors (Kaby Lake), freshly unveiled at the CES technology show in Las Vegas (USA), accompanied by a boost in RAM.  According to a research note from KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, reported by a host of tech news sites, Apple has finally decided to use Intel's latest processors in its MacBook Pro computers.  When the laptops launched in November 2016, Apple surprised observers by using Intel's seventh-generation Core processors, already at large in top-of-the-range PCs from HP, Lenovo, Acer and Dell.  The new processors are expected to be joined by more RAM, with up to 32GB for the 15in MacBook Pro, double the current maximum.  However, this MacBook Pro update isn't expected before fall 2017. As a result, the firm's 12in MacBook is likely to be the first of the brand's notebooks to get a new Intel Kaby Lake chip, expected from Q2 2017. The laptop could also get up to 16GB of RAM, up from the current 8GB.  The current-generation MacBook Pro is the slimmest and most lightweight model ever made by Apple. It stands out from competitors with the new "Touch Bar" of touch-sensitive controls replacing the traditional row of function keys.  This Retina-quality multi-touch strip adapts its functions in relation to the program being used, offering quick and easy touchscreen access to the main functions of Finder, Mail, Safari, Photos, GarageBand, Final Cut Pro X or third-party applications.  The 13in MacBook Pro with Touch Bar technology starts at US$1,799 (RM7,999), rising to US$2,399 (RM10,665) for the 15in model. With top-spec components, the MacBook Pro can cost up to US$4,799 (RM21,333). A 13in model with no Touch Bar is available for US$1,499 (RM6,663).  The previous-gen 13in model is still available to buy for US$1,299 (RM5,775), with the older 15in model at US$1,999 (RM8,886). — AFP Relaxnews You May Be Interested China startup Mobike teams up with Foxconn as it plans surge in bike output Bring cheer to the underprivileged this festive season Time to say goodbye TM offers free speed upgrade – do you qualify? Go purple this CNY if you want to get lucky in love Six simple steps to feng shui your home Others Also Read Emergency helicopter crashes in central Italy - media AirAsia X gets FAA clearance to fly to the US Docs face uncertain livelihood advertisement Latest News Toshiba board to approve plans to split off chip business on Friday SAP nudges up multi-year outlook after posting in-line 2016 results Cloud-based network provider Aryaka raises US$45mil: source Samsung reveals the cause of Note 7 incidents Japanese banks agree to not call in some Toshiba loans early for now Most Viewed in Tech TM offers free speed upgrade – do you qualify? Pokemon Go unleashed on game-mad South Korea, six months late Samsung reveals the cause of Note 7 incidents China takes 5,500 porn, violent apps offline Japanese banks agree to not call in some Toshiba loans early for now Fingerprint Cards says former CEO arrested in market abuse probe Singapore 2G switchoff highlights digital divide Cloud-based network provider Aryaka raises US$45mil: source SAP nudges up multi-year outlook after posting in-line 2016 results 'Star Wars' game studio adds 'Portal' designer Kim Swift Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Linux FLASH SALE: Driver Booster 4      40% OFF! Microsoft Adds Intel's Clear Linux Operating System to Its Azure Cloud Offering GO The Linux OS is available in three image variants Jan 19, 2017 03:00 GMT  ·  By Marius Nestor  ·  Share:  Microsoft is announcing the immediate availability of Intel's Linux-based operating system Clear Linux designed for Intel Architecture and built for a variety of cloud use cases on the company's Azure Marketplace. Designed by Intel to offer users a highly optimized and performant computer OS for desktops and servers alike, Clear Linux is an open-source operating system that you can freely download and use for personal and commercial purposes. It's specifically engineered to maximize the value and performance of your Intel PC. Intel's Clear Linux OS is the latest GNU/Linux distribution to become available on Microsoft's Azure public cloud platform, where customer can choose to run many other popular Linux-based operating systems, including Ubuntu, openSUSE, Debian, CentOS, Red Hat Enterprise Linux, SUSE Enterprise Linux, as well as Oracle Linux. "By separating the system defaults and distribution best practices from the user configuration, Clear Linux simplifies maintenance and deployment which becomes very important as infrastructure scales," said Jose Miguel Parrella Product Manager, Open Source, at Microsoft. Available today in three different image variants Customers can immediately have access to a Clear Linux OS instance from Microsoft's Azure Marketplace, where the operating system is offered in three different image variants, the first one being a barebone system that they can use as a starting point for shaping up the operating system for their needs. While the first offering is perfectly designed for hardcore users who adore having full control over the customization of the OS, Microsoft is providing Clear Linux as a container image that contains a popular container runtime for customers who don't have time to explore and build the OS from the ground up with bundles of their choosing. Lastly, a machine learning image of Clear Linux is also in place, and it's pre-loaded with a multitude of Open Source tools that are well-known among the cloud and Linux communities. These are outlined by the company on Azure Marketplace as Clear Linux OS Basic, Clear Linux OS - Containers, and Clear Linux OS - Machine Learning. Microsoft believes that its new Clear Linux OS offering in its Azure public cloud platform will enable DevOps teams to benefit from the stateless capabilities of the operating system, which already ships with its unique performance features that are praised by many developers, and even hardcore Linux gamers.   CHECK OUT THE GALLERY  (2 Images) #Microsoft#Intel#Clear Linux#Azure Marketplace#cloud subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Photo Gallery (2 Images) 01 02 Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Forget About OpenGL 4.2, Intel Haswell GPUs Now Support OpenGL 4.5 in Ubuntu Ubuntu-Based Vinux Linux 5.1 Released for Blind and Partially Sighted People Solus Goes Flatpak for Better, Reliable Distribution of Third-Party Applications Latest LibreELEC 8.0 Beta Updates Linux Kernel Support Patches for Raspberry Pi Huawei Watch 2 With Cellular Connectivity Reportedly Coming Next Month Padoka or Oibaf PPA for Ubuntu Gaming? Tell Us Which One Do You Prefer and Why Samsung SDI Announces Major Investments Towards Battery Safety Enhancements Vivaldi CEO to Microsoft: Stop Stealing the Default Browser in Windows 10 Why Half an Onion Would Take on Trump on Twitter Celebgate Hacker Sentenced to Prison Patent Wars: Nokia Seeks Cease and Desist Order Against Apple Huawei Watch 2 With Cellular Connectivity Reportedly Coming Next Month 2 photos    Clear Linux OS available on Azure Marketplace New Linux Apps Rescatux: An open source and universal system rescue CD for Linux and Microsoft Windows OSes Super Grub2 Disk: The next generation Super GRUB Disk distribution of Linux for fixing broken bootloaders Qt: An SDK and GUI toolkit solution that allows developers to create rich graphical user interfaces HandBrake: A GPL'd multi-platform, multi-threaded DVD-Video to MPEG-4 ripper and converter. Mozilla Firefox: The Linux version of one of the most popular and powerful web browser products on the entire Internet, Firefox SMPlayer: A free front-end for MPlayer, specifically designed for the KDE desktop environment LFA (Linux For All): A 64-bit only Linux-based operating system that features four desktop environments Reader comments Dell Precision 5520 Is World’s Thinnest and Lightest 15” Notebook with Ubuntu more on: Dell Precision 5520 i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2017 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Is This Apple Inc. iPhone 8 Rumor True? This sketchy Apple iPhone 8 wireless component rumor doesn't hold up to scrutiny. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Jan 18, 2017 at 9:14PM On Twitter, user Arkthub sent me a link to a forum post containing an interesting rumor about a key component inside of Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) 2017 smartphone lineup. The forum post, which appears to have originally shown up on website TheLayoff.com, essentially says the following: Apple won't use Intel's (NASDAQ:INTC) upcoming XMM 7480 cellular modem in the next-generation iPhone for several reasons, which essentially boil down to the fact that the 7480 is technologically inferior to competing solutions. Apple will instead use Qualcomm's (NASDAQ:QCOM) Snapdragon X12 modem as well as the follow-on to the XMM 7480, known as the XMM 7560. Although on the surface this rumor might seem reasonable, it doesn't quite make sense upon further thought.  The XMM 7560 probably won't be ready Intel CEO Brian Krzanich has made it clear that the company intends to release new stand-alone cellular modems at an annual clip. Intel began shipping the 7360 during the second quarter of 2016, so it makes sense that the follow-on to 7360, which Intel calls the XMM 7480, will begin shipping in the second quarter of 2017 -- just in time for Apple's next-generation iPhone models (if Intel wins the spots, that is). Image source: Apple.  It seems very unlikely that Intel would have the follow-on to the XMM 7480, known as the XMM 7560, ready for commercial deployment in time for the iPhone 8 launch. After all, if the XMM 7560 were going to be all set for commercial deployments just a year after the XMM 7360 shipped, then wouldn't it make sense for Intel to just cancel the XMM 7480 altogether? So, at the very least, this part of the rumor doesn't appear to be likely. What modems will be inside of the next iPhone, then? The following is pure speculation on my part -- there haven't been many leaks about the next-generation iPhones, particularly with respect to the individual components and suppliers thereof that will be in the phones. However, key Apple supplier Broadcom (NASDAQ:AVGO), which supplies radio frequency (RF) and Wi-Fi connectivity components for Apple's iPhones, has indicated on several occasions that it expects to enjoy dollar-content increases in successive iPhone generations. Increased RF content suggests enhanced wireless capabilities, which not only helps Broadcom's business, but also tells us that cellular modem upgrades are probably on the way.  The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus use either Intel's XMM 7360 or Qualcomm's Snapdragon X12 – depending on the model. The Snapdragon X12 is more capable than the XMM 7360, but Apple appears to be artificially restricting the capabilities of the former to ensure parity of wireless specifications of both. Image source: Qualcomm.  One hypothesis that I've put out there in the past is that Apple could deliver better wireless capabilities in its rumored OLED iPhone model compared to the capabilities found in the more mainstream models. In that case, I could see Apple using Qualcomm's Snapdragon X16 modem (i.e., gigabit-class LTE) in the OLED model, and then sticking with the X12 or using the Intel XMM 7480 in the other ones. The X12 would, once again, need to be "sandbagged" to bring it to parity with the XMM 7480 (the X12 supports up to 600 megabits per second download speeds; the 7480 supports just 450 megabits per second). We'll know more in about eight months when Apple formally unveils its next generation iPhone models. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple, Qualcomm, and Twitter. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Broadcom and Intel. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Jan 18, 2017 at 9:14PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $119.97 down $0.11 (-0.09%) Broadcom NASDAQ:AVGO $197.77 up $6.77 (3.54%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $37.62 up $0.85 (2.31%) Qualcomm NASDAQ:QCOM $55.03 up $0.15 (0.27%) Read More How This Apple Inc. Supplier Created Hundreds of Thousands of Jobs in the United States Why 2017 Will Be the Year of the Virtual Assistant Does This Apple, Inc. Stock Recovery Have Legs? What Investors Should Expect When Intel Corp. Reports Fourth-Quarter Earnings Welcome Back, Apple TV Speculation Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Is This Apple Inc. iPhone 8 Rumor True? @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $AVGO, $INTC, $QCOM
Login All Reviews Editorials News How to Make Your Amazon Echo Respond to 'Computer' Instead of 'Alexa' Yoky Matsuoka Left Apple to Return to Nest Apple Patches 8 Security Flaws in Apple TV with tvOS 10.1.1 Tips macOS Sierra: PiPifier Gives You Picture-in-Picture For All Videos How to Factory Reset Apple AirPods, May Help with Battery and Pairing Issues Podcasts iPhone 8 and Contactless Charging - TMO Daily Observations 2017-01-24 TMO Background Mode: Interview with 9News/KUSA TV Anchor/Reporter Kyle Clark View All Results → V-Moda Crossfade LP2 Headphones Sweat the Details iKlip Grip Pro an Excellent Multifunction Tripod, Monopod, Selfie Stick Minix NEO C Mini USB-C to HDMI: Low Cost, Low Weight Just Mobile's AluCharge 4-Port USB-A Charger Falls Just Short Matias Wireless Aluminum Keyboard: The Apple Keyboard You've Been Looking For View All Reviews → Your Apple Watch Could Eventually Become a Complete BioMed Lab Apple's Multiple OS Family Used to Be a Good Idea Automatic Photo Enhancement by Photolemur for Mac Apple's Underappreciated Technical Evolution 9th Circuit Allows App Store 'Monopoly' Class Action against Apple to Proceed View All Editorials → Apple’s Multiple OS Family Used to Be a Good Idea John Martellaro @jmartellaro Jan 18th, 2017 7:55 PM EST | Editorial When all we had was Mac OS X (now macOS), our Mac life was simple on Intel-based Macs. Then came iOS with Cocoa Touch, a derivative of macOS for touch devices using ARM CPUs. That seemed so very sensible at the time. Then, of course, came tvOS and watchOS which means Apple has even more code bases to maintain. While perhaps only a mild burden, the biggest problem may be the future development of Apple devices. L: MacBook. R: iPad Pro w/ Brydge keyboard. Alien visitors would be astounded. Two similar devices. Different OSes. When I think about the evolution of Apple products, I think about the built-in walls that Apple has created that, in hindsight, were both brilliant and simultaneously self-limiting. I started thinking about this when Microsoft announced the Surface Studio. This is basically a 28-inch iPad that runs Windows apps, including, touch-sensitive Windows apps. What struck me was how Microsoft didn’t need to write a new OS for this device. That is, by making Windows 10 able to run both legacy Windows apps and newer touch-sensitive apps, Microsoft took the operating system out of the equation for the design of new, exciting (Intel) hardware. Apple, on the other hand, is in a situation where legacy macOS apps run on intel and are not touch enabled. iOS apps run on ARM and are touch enabled. Moreover, iOS was designed from the get go to be more secure. For example, customers may be okay with running anti-virus software on their Macs, but they won’t put up with it on an iPad. The suppression of a visible file system, extensive sandboxing, and other technical approaches make the iPad inherently more secure. That leaves a bad taste in one’s mouth for the future of the Mac. What that’s leading us to is a general, uneasy feeling that that Macs, running as they do on those power hungry Intel CPUs, are becoming old-fashioned and potentially obsolete. Apple seems much more enthusiastic about the iOS/iPad/mobility future because, well, it has to. Its own OS architecture roadmap more or less dictates that. Microsoft’s evolving Surface family. All run Windows 10. All are touch enabled. Image credit: Microsoft Microsoft’s Gamble Microsoft started with the idea that its Surface tablets would run on Intel. Well, yes, there was that disastrous, mildly mad experiment with the Surface RT and Windows RT. This was a Surface tablet that used an ARM processor, a special version of Windows, and a custom version of Office for ARM. It greatly confused customers because they thought they’d be able to run their Intel/X86 binaries on it, and they could not. It was a complete failure and eventually dropped. Microsoft learned from that. On the other hand, early versions of the Surface and (now) Surface Pro tablet suffered from heat and short battery life compared to Apple’s iPads which were thin, cool, and had great battery life. Even so, Microsoft stuck with its vision for Intel commonality across all its devices, knowing that technology advances would eventually enable its vision. Part of that vision was being tied down by the weight of all those legacy Windows apps, but the positive thing that came out of it was the opportunity to have a family of devices, all of which could run a single core Windows version and all of which could run legacy apps. In other words, there’s no such concept as the “PC” dying of old age like the Mac. What essentially remains is the problem of presenting Windows apps, of varying capabilities on devices of varying display sizes. That’s a relatively more simple task (I surmise) than, say, making legacy macOS apps run on a giant, 27-inch iOS-based iPad. MIcrosoft’s Vision Being Implemented To this end, Microsoft is carrying its vision forward with something called the “Adaptive Shell.” See: “Microsoft’s new adaptive shell will help Windows 10 scale across PC, Mobile, and Xbox.” Ponder this. The Windows Shell is essentially the Windows environment we all know and love. In layman’s terms, it gives us access to system elements and objects necessary for running applications, and houses features such as the Taskbar, Start Menu, Desktop and more. Currently, the Windows Shell is different depending on the version of Windows 10 you’re using. … Over the next few Windows 10 releases however, Microsoft will be bringing each of these device categories under one Windows Shell, making for a true universal Windows 10 experience no matter what device you’re using. Internally referred to as “Composable Shell” or “CSHELL”, this new Windows Shell will be able to scale in real-time between all types of devices, similarly to how Continuum currently works between desktop mode and tablet mode, only this time it’ll scale across Xbox and Mobile as well. No doubt, this staggering vision is part of the Satya Nadella era. Now, not everthing is as simple as it sounds. Microsoft has a lot of work to do to make this happen and work right. Microsoft may still be pondering the use of ARM on some small devices. There’s just no getting around the power efficiency of ARM. But the core of the matter is that Microsoft has taken a decidedly different technical path than Apple. The company is gambling that one basic OS, Windows, can be made to run on different kinds of devices (like the Xbox, PCs, tablets) and different display sizes (Surface Studio, Surface Book). Apple, on the other hand, finds itself writing new OSes for each new device, based on its functionality and size. While iOS was a brilliant and necessary move when it was conceived, it may now be forcing Apple’s hand in a way that makes customers uneasy about the future of both iPads and Mac. To ease those fears, Apple finds itself about the business of trying, with each new OS release, to make these devices work and communicate with each other better. Is that elegance or a corrupted OS roadmap? TBD. Time will tell which company’s vision is superior. The two approaches may, in fact, turn out to be technically equivalent. As a physicist might say, the “dual” of each other. (As in wave-particle duality.) Even so, I tend to feel that Microsoft’s vision, one they’ve persevered with as technology has evolved, is paying off. It seems crisp and coherent. And I like it personally. But that’s just me, and time will tell. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Email Print Tumblr Tags: iOS, iPad, macOS, Macs, Microsoft, Surface Pro, Surface Studio, WIndows 10 Comments Add a comment geoduck January 18, 2017 I’ve been saying that Apple needs to split padOS off from phoneOS. But you make a good case. Maybe Apple needs to have ONE OS To Rule Them All with customized interfaces for each device. Food for thought. Thanks. January 18, 2017 at 8:49 EST PM shameermulji January 19, 2017 “Microsoft has taken a decidedly different technical path than Apple.” Actually, MS has taken a different branding path than Apple. All of Apple’s operating systems share the same CoreOS technologies underneath and are differentiated in only two ways: 1. By the UI Layer 2. ARM-based devices can run only sandboxed apps while Macs (intel-based) have the ability to run non-sandboxed apps in addition to sandboxed apps. Instead of branding it under one OS umbrella, like MS has done with Windows 10, Apple has chosen to brand their operating systems based on the UI they’re designed for. January 19, 2017 at 1:55 EST AM JonGl January 19, 2017 Microsoft has chosen to scale down Windows from the PC to create their universal system, but what if Apple decided to scale up iOS from the iPhone to do the same thing? I bet this would be easier to do than to modify the desktop OS–easier to add file access, and other things. Plus they would have the added benefit that it runs just great on ARM already. It would’t be the work of a day or even year, but to my way of thinking, for Apple, this would be the better solution than going the Windows route of scaling down the MacOS. January 19, 2017 at 2:26 EST AM Jamie January 19, 2017 Personally, IOS as is just isn’t going to cut it, and power users need access to the system. I am not a millennial and I do not devote my time to social networks or emoji. Incidentally, in such a use case scenario it’s really only Apple that is profiting anyway, the rest of us are left hung out to dry with our real work. To that end as well, older millennials are rapidly learning that their dope mobile skills are not sufficient to function in a real, professional environment. Apple is chasing the money all the way to the lowest common denominator in service of board members and shareholders, just like so many other modern companies. Longevity does not lie in that direction. (Just basic good sense. You don’t chase fads. This is where my faith in Apple management seriously wavers). They really need to start taking professionals seriously again if they don’t want to end up being the world’s greatest novelty factory. Seriously. I could give two sh**s if they are the hippest with the kids or the most profitable, just give us tools that are useful. if they aren’t going to do that, than they need stop it with the half-assery and just call it dead so we can move on. January 19, 2017 at 9:40 EST AM vpndev January 19, 2017 There certainly are differences in the various UIs but the amount of commonality underneath is quite high, as with Windows. Apple is NOT writing “a new OS” for each device, far from it. All of the OS and all of the Frameworks can be built for both Intel and ARM CPUs so building a touchscreen Mac wouldn’t be hard – Apple would just have to include those Frameworks in the [software] build. Of course, the apps themselves would need some amount of change but that wouldn’t be gigantic. Some of the on-screen controls might have to change, but this is no different to what MS has had to do. The issue of the filesystem is one of perception. The standard Unix-y filesystem of macOS is present on iOS, it’s just hidden. Because there’s only one “user”, there’s no home directory and apps store their files in the app’s own directory. But that’s all under the control of the API calls that deal with opening and saving files. If Apple wanted to create a multi-user “iPad Super-Pro” with multiple users, apps wouldn’t notice the difference. It would all “just work”. January 19, 2017 at 10:07 EST AM SkylerK January 19, 2017 Microsoft can do this because they don’t have a viable mobile phone division. If they tried to translate the Windows experience to a phone, it wouldn’t work. You bring up salient points about the limitations Apple has put themselves under. I think Apple is going to move macOS to ARM in a few years as ARM processors become more powerful and you’ll start to see a more seamless experience. Mobile is where the money is at. But as Steve Jobs says, there will always be a need for trucks. January 19, 2017 at 12:14 EST PM marcsten January 19, 2017 I’ve thought about this a lot in the past year or so. When tablets first came out it seemed a given they would run a stripped down OS. When Surface came out running Windows, I laughed because they were awful in part because they tried to run Windows. As time has gone on, that has changed. I love my iPhone but I want to scream if I try to, say, order a pizza and enter coupons and so on. I usually give up and use my laptop. Conversely, I am often able to do so on an iPad. It really seems to me that IOS is different on an iPad than a phone. But don’t take away Mac OS and make us use IOS. My work computer will going he trash. I like the idea of a phone OS and a more rich OS for iPads and computers. January 19, 2017 at 2:19 EST PM pjs_boston January 19, 2017 Microsoft’s vision for a single OS with an adaptable UI is compelling. Alas, the devil is in the details. Based upon anecdotal evidence from various bloggers, the user experience on the Surface Studio is far from compelling in real work use. Furthermore, I don’t think anyone wants the baggage of a full desktop operating system on their mobile device. That said, Apple’s current solution has a few holes, most notably where the iPad is concerned. In my opinion, Apple should double down on its current approach by consolidating the non-UI code of all of its operating systems and apps into a single code base and then providing a custom UI for each device family. The logical extension of this approach would be to create padOS, an iPad specific fork of iOS which bridges the gap between iOS and macOS. This OS would provide the low UI latency of iOS for optimum touch response, but would add full keyboar, /mouse, and trackpad support. Access to the local file system, albeit more constrained than in macOS, is also a must. January 19, 2017 at 3:39 EST PM cubefan January 20, 2017 @shammermulji made the point I was going to make, but there’s another, and it applies to all vertical touchscreens whether 27inch monitors or 8 inch touchscreens in cars. Ergonomics. If you are sitting down, your fingertips are horizontal, thats how we are made so drawing on a horizontal surface makes sense. Reaching up, and forwards to use touch on a vertical screen doesn’t, its tiring and there’s no precision and in a car, trying to do this could be fatal because you cannot look at a screen in the centre of the car and drive without running the risk of having an accident. OK if you have an autonomous vehicle this doesn’t apply. But vertical still sucks, which is why a lot of Mercedes cars have horizontal touch controls a bit like an Apple Mouse or Touchpad, that works and you don’t NEED to look at your fingers, only the resultant movement on the screen. One core O/S, GUI’s appropriate to the application, even ones that aren’t available yet – like iOS for Car. Apple understands the UI and Ergonomics, Microsoft are STILL learning, otherwise we wouldn’t have a white/grey/platinum white Microsoft Office UI where if you have less than perfect eyesight the contrast is hopeless. January 20, 2017 at 3:26 EST AM Paul Goodwin January 20, 2017 If there’s one universal truth in engineering, it’s that every time someone tries to make something universal and not task focused, the end result is always too big, too heavy, and less reliable than designs that satisfy one focused set of requirements. In the case of computing device OSes, that would be bloated, power hungry and buggy. Another truth is that in a window of time where a technology is not obsolete, by the time you invent, develop, and debug the complex universal object, by the time you have all the bugs worked out, it’s nearly obsolete. January 20, 2017 at 7:51 EST AM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials iPhone 8 May Sport Wireless Charging, But it Won't Come From Energous Jeff Gamet | January 24, 2017 Your Apple Watch Could Eventually Become a Complete BioMed Lab John Martellaro | January 20, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Are you the Resident Geek for your friends, family and co-workers? If so, you might enjoy hanging out with other like-minded folks on the Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group. Come join the fun! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $119.97 -0.11 (-0.09%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » How to Make Your Amazon Echo Respond to 'Computer' Instead of 'Alexa' Yoky Matsuoka Left Apple to Return to Nest Apple Patches 8 Security Flaws in Apple TV with tvOS 10.1.1 Apple Releases Sierra 10.12.3 Update with Fixes for PDF, MacBook Pro with Touch Bar, Security, More Apple releases iOS 10.2.1 and watchOS 3.1.3 with Security Updates Recent Tips See All » macOS Sierra: PiPifier Gives You Picture-in-Picture For All Videos How to Factory Reset Apple AirPods, May Help with Battery and Pairing Issues How To Watch The Inauguration on Apple TV and Online iOS Tip: Avoid Charging Your Wet iPhone 7/7 Plus macOS: Taking Timed Screenshots Recent Editorials See All » Your Apple Watch Could Eventually Become a Complete BioMed Lab Apple's Multiple OS Family Used to Be a Good Idea Automatic Photo Enhancement by Photolemur for Mac Apple's Underappreciated Technical Evolution 9th Circuit Allows App Store 'Monopoly' Class Action against Apple to Proceed 9662 John Martellaro editorial 10 1484769338 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Sign in or Register   PCs & Laptops Value Desktops High End Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-one Desktops Value Laptops High End Laptops Gaming Laptops Ultraportable Laptops Misc PCs & Laptops Dell Store   Peripherals Monitors Printers Storage Keyboards & Mice Misc Peripherals Networking   Handhelds Budget Smartphones High-End Smartphones Tablets eReaders Wearables Misc Handhelds   Software Security Operating Systems Backup Office Suite Web Development Audio Video Photo Apps Misc Software   Components CPUs Motherboards Graphics Cards Storage Cases Power Supply Units Misc Components   Gadgets Photography & Video Home Theatre GPS Audio Virtual/Augmented reality Misc Gadgets     Hyper PixelCast   Forums Back Issues Search News • Reviews • Features • Galleries • A-List • Group Tests • Downloads • How To • Buy • Software Store Mobile Plans Broadband Plans Atomic Forums Upgrade Australia Home  »  Atomic  »  Review Review: Gigabyte Brix Gaming UHD PC by  Bennett Ring  |  Thursday 19 January 2017  | Comment Now Rating Overall: 45 "We don’t deny that Gigabyte has crammed a lot of goodies into a tiny space, but we probably wouldn’t recommend it as a gaming box." Price $1399 AUD > Pricing info Specs i7-6700HQ processor (quad-cored, HyperThreaded, 3.5GHz max Boost) • up to 32GB of SO-DIMM 2133MHz DDR4 memory (not included) • 3 x M.2 drive connections (not included.) Tweet Email this Print this Feedback A mini-tower of power. Gigabyte’s Brix systems are arguably the most popular line of non-Intel NUCs on the market, but the Brix Gaming UHD isn’t quite as small as a regular NUC. It’s still only 220mm x 110mm x 110mm, with an interior space of just 2.6 litres, but it’s about the size of three NUCs stacked on top of each other. This means it’s still tiny, easily able to be tucked away into the smallest of spaces, which makes the amount of hardware Gigabyte has stashed away quite remarkable. In fact, given the size and shape of this case, we’re surprised Gigabyte hasn’t given this a Tardis-façade, as it’s quite remarkable what they’ve managed to squeeze in. It’s a barebones unit though, making that price tag more than a little noteworthy – you’re going to need to bring your own memory, OS and hard drives to the party, which could substantially increase the price tag.  The entire chassis appears to be made from brushed aluminium, with a black top surrounded by a subtle LED light. Despite its small size, Gigabyte has managed to cram plenty of I/O connectors onto the exterior. There’s one HDMI 2.0, 3 x Mini DisplayPort, 2 x USB 2.0, 1 x Gigabit Ethernet, headphone in and out, and twin USB 3.1 Typo-C connectors. This plethora of outputs means it can actually output to four different displays, though the GPU within won’t be able to power a game across so many pixels – it’s more suited towards a mini-PC used to power a 4-screen store display. Given the small size, it’s no surprise that the power pack is external, but it’s relatively small, at just 152mm x 73mm x 32mm.  At the heart of the beast is Intel’s ubiquitous I7-6700HQ processor, a quad-cored, HyperThreaded CPU that has a base frequency of 2.6GHz and a maximum Turbo speed of 3.5GHz. This is paired with twin SO-DIMM DDR4 memory slots; our sample came with just 8GB of memory, but you’ll need to install your own as this is a barebones system. The maximum capacity is 32GB, running at a speed of 2133MHz, so you’ll need to buy twin 16GB sticks to max the memory out. Built in Wi-Fi is supported via Intel’s Dual Band Wireless-AC Intel 8260, which comes with an external antennae for added range. There’s also no hard drive installed, with the option to attach drives to a single M.2 slot (2280 storage) via PCIe/SATA, another M.2 drive via PCIe only, or another M.2 2230 drive, which is currently occupied via the Wi-Fi/Bluetooth card. These are all housed on Intel’s HM170 chipset. Audio is delivered via Realtek’s ALC255 chipset, and it doesn’t appear that Gigabyte has done anything special with it – we noticed a small amount of hiss and distortion when using it, though not to the point where it’s a deal-breaker.  At the heart of the beast is Intel’s ubiquitous I7-6700HQ processor, a quad-cored, HyperThreaded CPU that has a base frequency of 2.6GHz and a maximum Turbo speed of 3.5GHz. Where things get interesting is the inclusion of a GeForce GTX 950 discrete GPU, hence the Gaming UHD title. Now, given that Nvidia’s Pascal has just arrived and wiped the floor with the GTX 9-series, we weren’t expecting mind-blowing performance, but for such a small system it’ll happily run older games at moderate detail levels. Think World of Warcraft, World of Tanks and other mid-level games, and this thing should be able to deliver playable frame rates at moderate detail levels. Given the small size, we were happy with the 46dB fan noise, as we expected it to be much louder given the dimensions.  Given this is a barebones system, we have to be a little concerned about the price. It’s $1,399, making it around twice the price of similar specced NUCs. The benefits of this device though are the inclusion of a discrete graphics card, much more space for added hard drives, and a huge bank of I/O options. And yet, if only Gigabyte had waited for the anticipated GeForce GTX 1050, we can’t help but feel it would have offered vastly superior gaming performance.  We don’t deny that Gigabyte has crammed a lot of goodies into a tiny space, but we probably wouldn’t recommend it as a gaming box. However, if you need to power four displays independently, with the CPU horsepower to back it up and the option for plenty of storage, the Gigabyte Brix Gaming UHD is quite an impressive, albeit expensive, solution.  Related Reviews One Minute Review: Corsair MM800 RGB Polaris mouse pad Review: Sennheiser's PC 373D 7.1 headphones deliver amazing sound Review: Gigabyte GeForce GTX 1070 Xtreme Gaming Review: Forza Horizon 3 Source: Copyright © PC & Tech Authority. All rights reserved. See more about:  gaming  |  gigabyte brix gaming uhd  |  nuc  |  pc  |  review   Tweet Email this Print this Feedback   Readers of this article also read...   Win a Crucial/Ballistix RAM & SDD prize pack!     All the news from Nvidia's CES 2017 keynote speech     HTC Vive's wireless TPCast peripheral gets a release date     Will Nvidia launch the GTX 1080 Ti at CES today?     LG wants all of your home appliances to think for themselves   NOTE: You must be a registered member of PC & Tech Authority to post a comment. Click here to login | Click here to register More in Atomic (1 of 10 articles) NEWS Kaby Lake-X and Skylake-X processors delayed to August << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (2 of 10 articles) NEWS 80% of IoT devices not tested for security flaws, says Ponemon Institute << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (3 of 10 articles) REVIEW One Minute Review: Corsair MM800 RGB Polaris mouse pad << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (4 of 10 articles) NEWS A user's guide to surviving Trump << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (5 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Asus Strix Gaming X99 motherboard << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (6 of 10 articles) NEWS Devs behind Mordheim: City of the Damned announce Necromunda: Underhive Wars << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (7 of 10 articles) NEWS Antec and EK Water Blocks join forces for new Cube PC case << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (8 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Gigabyte Brix Gaming UHD PC << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (9 of 10 articles) NEWS Acronis True Image Next Generation brings anti-ransomware, blockchain-based features << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (10 of 10 articles) NEWS AMD releases new Radeon Software Crimson ReLive 17.1.1 drivers << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> Most Read Most Discussed Powered by Disqus Latest Comments Powered by Disqus Latest in Atomic News Kaby Lake-X and Skylake-X processors delayed to August Review One Minute Review: Corsair MM800 RGB Polaris mouse pad Feature The best new indie games on Steam: January 2017 Edition Group Test Group Test: X99 Motherboards shift into top gear Gallery Gallery: The PCs of PAX Australia 2016 From our Partners     See more offers from the PC & Tech Authority Software Store     Sponsored Links Most popular tech stories 7 accounting packages for Australian small businesses compared: including MYOB, QuickBooks Online, Reckon, Xero 16 top tips for optimising Windows 10 36 top productivity-enhancing mobile apps How long will a UPS keep your computers on if the lights go out? How do I make sure my email is properly synced between all my computers? Avaya files for bankruptcy protection, CEO calls it the 'best path forward' Avaya says Australian operations will be "business as usual" following bankruptcy Sydney MSP Brennan IT cracks $93 million in first year under new CEO Stephen Sims Ignia director Joshua Boys joins Microsoft as new Azure lead Five ways Donald Trump's Presidency could affect Apple The CIO movements that made headlines in 2016 Landmark Australian ruling on what counts as 'personal information' NBN Co anticipating 'new problems' in metro rollout CEO ousted in AISA coup Meet Qld Health's five new technology execs 10 advanced tips for Rainbow Six Siege 20 key tips for succeeding at Rainbow Six Siege Battlecruiser 3000: Screaming into the Void A gorgeous fan collection of Battlefront Scarif DLC shots Review: Alienware's Alpha R2 is a lost cause About Us  |  Sitemap  |  Newsletter Archive  |  A-List  |  Advice  |  Top 10  |  Mobile Site  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Newsletters  |  Contact Us Atomic MPC  |  BIT  |  CRN Australia  |  iTnews  |  PC PowerPlay  |  SC Magazine Copyright © 2017 nextmedia Pty Ltd. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorisation. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of nextmedia's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Login to PC & Tech Authority Username: * Username required Password: * Password required Remember me  |  Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Register now! To request a new password, please enter the email address linked to your PC & Tech Authority account and we'll send one to you. Email: * Email required * Invalid Email address * Invalid Email address Click here to return to Login Form Become part of PC & Tech Authority Join our site to get stuck in with comments and discussions with other passionate readers and tech fans, and stay up to date with the latest news and reviews through our range of newsletters. Email* * Email address required * Invalid Email address I have read and accept the privacy policy and terms and conditions and by submitting my email address I agree to receive the PC & Tech Authority daily newsletter and receive special offers on behalf of PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia and its valued partners. We will not share your details with third parties. 1) Login Details First Name* * First name req'd Last Name* * Last name req'd Username* * Username required Password* * Password required Confirm Password* * Password confirmation required * Passwords don't match! 2) About You Country* -- Select a Country -- Australia Afghanistan Albania Åland Islands Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Virgin Islands British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Côte d'Ivoire Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon French Southern Territories Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guam Guernsey Guinea Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Hong Kong Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Israel Isle of Man Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Jersey Korea Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Palestinian Territory, Occupied Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Qatar Puerto Rico Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Barthélemy Saint Lucia Saint Kitts & Nevis Saint Martin Saint Pierre & Miquelon Saint Vincent & the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands Soviet Union Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Timor-Leste Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay United States Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Yemen Western Sahara Zambia Zimbabwe World Asia Indochina Europe England Scotland Middle East Asia-Pacific Global Asean * Country req'd State* -- Select -- NSW QLD VIC SA WA ACT NT TAS * State req'd Post Code* * Post Code req'd Birth Year* -- Select -- 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 * Birth year required Employment Role* -- Select Role -- IT Business Owner IT Executive IT Professional IT Entry-level IT Sales Non IT Business Owner Non IT Executive Non IT Professional Non IT Entry-Level Non IT Sales Other If 'Other', enter below: * Role required Company Size* -- Select Size -- 1 - 9 10 - 49 50 - 99 100 - 249 250 - 499 500 - 999 1000 - 2499 2500+ * Company Size required I only want to subscribe to the Daily newsletter I'd also like to subscribe to: Weekly newsletter Atomic, Hyper and Gaming newsletter Gadgets and Stuff newsletter Downloads newsletter Already have an account? Log in here. Processing registration... Please wait. This process can take up to a minute to complete. Please check your email A confirmation email has been sent to your email address - SUPPLIED EMAIL HERE. Please click on the link in the email to verify your email address. You need to verify your email before you can start posting. If you do not receive your confirmation email within the next few minutes, it may be because the email has been captured by a junk mail filter. Please ensure you add the domain @pcauthority.com.au to your white-listed senders. Click here to close this message Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Linux FLASH SALE: VDownloader      50% OFF! Forget About OpenGL 4.2, Intel Haswell GPUs Now Support OpenGL 4.5 in Ubuntu GO Gamers can update to Mesa 17-git via Padoka or Oibaf PPAs Jan 19, 2017 01:55 GMT  ·  By Marius Nestor  ·  Share:  Moments ago, Paulo Miguel Dias updated his Padoka PPA (Personal Package Archive) for Ubuntu 16.04 LTS and Ubuntu 16.10 operating systems to the latest Mesa 17.0.0-git, bringing us OpenGL 4.5 support for Intel Haswell GPUs. Yes, we're aware of the fact that just last week we told you Intel Haswell graphics cards supported OpenGL 4.2 for better gaming, thanks to a set of recent patches submitted by developer Juan A. Suarez Romero to implement support for 64-bit vertex attributes, which enabled OpenGL 4.2 for Intel Haswell. Think that was big news for Intel Haswell users? Think again, because Intel's senior graphics software engineer Kenneth Graunke published a new patch for the open-source Intel i965 graphics driver to enable OpenGL 4.5 on Intel Haswell GPUs, and since it soon landed in Mesa Git, you can have it on Ubuntu. How? It's simple, by installing either the Padoka or Oibaf PPAs, which are well known among the Ubuntu gaming community for providing up-to-date open-source graphics drivers for Intel, AMD Radeon, and Nvidia GPUs. These PPAs offer frequent updates of the latest Mesa 17.0.0-git 3D Graphics Library. Better gaming for Intel Haswell users on Ubuntu Linux To install the Oibaf of Padoka PPA, open the Terminal app on your Ubuntu 16.04 LTS (Xenial Xerus) or Ubuntu 16.10 (Yakkety Yak) operating systems and copy/paste the following commands, one by one, hitting the Enter key after each one. There's no need to reboot your computer, and OpenGL 4.5 will be automatically enabled. Padoka PPA sudo add-apt-repository ppa:paulo-miguel-dias/mesa -y sudo apt update && sudo apt dist-upgrade Oibaf PPA sudo add-apt-repository ppa:oibaf/graphics-drivers -y sudo apt update && sudo apt dist-upgrade With OpenGL 4.5 enabled for your on-board Intel Haswell graphics chipset, you'll be able to play a lot more games than you've been able to play with OpenGL 4.2 or the previously supported OpenGL version. However, if you want a much better gaming experience, you'll have to rely on your discrete graphics card. Here's to better gaming on Ubuntu Linux! #Intel Haswell#OpenGL 4.5#OpenGL 4.2#Mesa 17.0.0#Padoka PPA subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Ubuntu-Based Vinux Linux 5.1 Released for Blind and Partially Sighted People Solus Goes Flatpak for Better, Reliable Distribution of Third-Party Applications Latest LibreELEC 8.0 Beta Updates Linux Kernel Support Patches for Raspberry Pi Linus Torvalds Announces Subsurface 4.6 Open-Source Dive Log and Planning App Huawei Watch 2 With Cellular Connectivity Reportedly Coming Next Month Padoka or Oibaf PPA for Ubuntu Gaming? Tell Us Which One Do You Prefer and Why Samsung SDI Announces Major Investments Towards Battery Safety Enhancements Vivaldi CEO to Microsoft: Stop Stealing the Default Browser in Windows 10 Why Half an Onion Would Take on Trump on Twitter Celebgate Hacker Sentenced to Prison Patent Wars: Nokia Seeks Cease and Desist Order Against Apple Huawei Watch 2 With Cellular Connectivity Reportedly Coming Next Month    Intel Haswell supports OpenGL 4.5 New Linux Apps Rescatux: An open source and universal system rescue CD for Linux and Microsoft Windows OSes Super Grub2 Disk: The next generation Super GRUB Disk distribution of Linux for fixing broken bootloaders Qt: An SDK and GUI toolkit solution that allows developers to create rich graphical user interfaces HandBrake: A GPL'd multi-platform, multi-threaded DVD-Video to MPEG-4 ripper and converter. Mozilla Firefox: The Linux version of one of the most popular and powerful web browser products on the entire Internet, Firefox SMPlayer: A free front-end for MPlayer, specifically designed for the KDE desktop environment LFA (Linux For All): A 64-bit only Linux-based operating system that features four desktop environments Reader comments Valve Rolls Out New Steam Client Stable Update with Promised Linux Changes, More more on: Valve i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2017 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
    Sign In Account Sign Out Subscribe Authors Watch our videos Education hub Our Archives U.S. inauguration Women’s March Search for: Search for: Sign In Subscribe Authors Brian Bethune Paul Boothe Meagan Campbell Scott Feschuk Michael Friscolanti Jonathon Gatehouse John Geddes Charlie Gillis Scott Gilmore Stephen Gordon Cathy Gulli Aaron Hutchins Adnan R. Khan Anne Kingston Jason Kirby Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Leah McLaren Kevin Milligan Mike Moffatt Martin Patriquin Jennifer Robson Zane Schwartz Amanda Shendruk Evan Solomon Chris Sorensen Sarmishta Subramanian Liz Sullivan Nick Taylor-Vaisey Patricia Treble Jaime Weinman Nikki Wiart Watch our videos Education hub Our Archives U.S. inauguration Women’s March News Politics Economy Education Culture Society Work Multimedia Follow Us Twitter Facebook Tumblr Instagram LinkedIn Google+ Share YouTube Scott Feschuk John Geddes Scott Gilmore Jonathon Gatehouse Anne Kingston Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Martin Patriquin Shannon Proudfoot Evan Solomon All Authors Brian Bethune Paul Boothe Meagan Campbell Scott Feschuk Michael Friscolanti Jonathon Gatehouse John Geddes Charlie Gillis Scott Gilmore Stephen Gordon Cathy Gulli Aaron Hutchins Adnan R. Khan Anne Kingston Jason Kirby Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Leah McLaren Kevin Milligan Mike Moffatt Martin Patriquin Jennifer Robson Zane Schwartz Amanda Shendruk Evan Solomon Chris Sorensen Sarmishta Subramanian Liz Sullivan Nick Taylor-Vaisey Patricia Treble Jaime Weinman Nikki Wiart Brian Bethune Paul Boothe Meagan Campbell Scott Feschuk Michael Friscolanti Jonathon Gatehouse John Geddes Charlie Gillis Scott Gilmore Stephen Gordon Cathy Gulli Aaron Hutchins Adnan R. Khan Anne Kingston Jason Kirby Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Leah McLaren Kevin Milligan Mike Moffatt Martin Patriquin Jennifer Robson Zane Schwartz Amanda Shendruk Evan Solomon Chris Sorensen Sarmishta Subramanian Liz Sullivan Nick Taylor-Vaisey Patricia Treble Jaime Weinman Nikki Wiart Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Reddit Email   2 Can RBC help stop Canada’s brain drain in deep learning? Despite RBC nabbing a big name, it’s hard to be optimistic that the stars of a hot, made-in-Canada tech field won’t decamp to the U.S. anyway Adrian Lee January 18, 2017 Follow @AdrianKLee Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Reddit Email   A Royal Bank of Canada (RBC) sign is seen outside of a branch in Ottawa. (Chris Wattie/Reuters) These days, deep learning is all the rage. Tech’s biggest players, from Intel to Amazon, are betting big on the artificial intelligence technique modelled after the instincts of the human brain, with its ability to read patterns, sense rules, and make the best decision accordingly. Not long ago, Google spent more than $400 million to buy industry-leading startup DeepMind, and scored a major tech and marketing coup when the computer AlphaGo defeated grandmaster Lee Sedol at the possibility-lush game of Go—an achievement hundreds of times more complex than when Deep Blue beat Garry Kasparov at chess. Deep learning is being touted as a way forward for climate science, medicine and genomics; it’s already embedded in the way you search for something online, when you Google image search for, say, “cat,” and feline photos come up as a result of AI learning of what “cat” means. But it wasn’t always the popular kid in the block. In its early days in the 1980s, deep learning’s mostly Canadian pioneers—in particular, the trio of Geoffrey Hinton, Yoshua Bengio, and Yann LeCun, who worked largely out of an institute in Toronto—were dismissed as foolish apostates. “At the time, it didn’t solve big practical AI problems, it didn’t replace the existing technology,” said Hinton, considered the godfather of deep learning, in a 2016 interview with Maclean’s. But when computing power started to advance at an incredible rate, deep learning’s potential for AI was unlocked, turning huge piles of data into artificial intelligence that could, effectively, learn like our brain. MORE: Geoffrey Hinton explains how deep learning works Canada, though, hasn’t enjoyed much benefit for being an early adopter on the forefront of this technology. American companies have mostly picked the cupboard clean: Hinton now works with Google, LeCun leads Facebook’s AI research lab, and Bengio is an adviser with IBM, whose work out of the University of Montreal has earned significant funding from Google and beyond. Even Hinton has acknowledged this is cause for concern, in a recent Globe and Mail commentary written with other leading deep-learning experts: “There is one solution that will help keep the best minds in Canada, solve the current and future talent gap for domestic businesses, lure investment from foreign data-rich companies, and ensure Canada leads future AI breakthroughs: We must build a world-leading AI Institute in Toronto.” So it’s not insignificant that the Royal Bank of Canada’s Research in Deep Learning division—still shiny from its launch just seven months ago—has acquired the services of a big name in the field, adding Richard Sutton to its roster. Sutton wrote the book on the field of reinforcement learning, a technique which allows AI to teach itself what the best actions are using a reward-punishment system of its own, an area of deep learning that played a role in the success of DeepMind’s AlphaGo project. He will advise the group, currently based out of the University of Toronto, and also collaborate with RBC’s second AI research lab, which will be in Edmonton. “A lot of the development in deep learning came out of Canadian universities, yet the industry wasn’t positioned well enough to capitalize on that innovation, so we’ve lost a lot of people to south of the border,” said Foteini Agrafioti, who leads RBC’s deep-learning division. “That’s something we feel, as the biggest company in the country, we have the responsibility to invest in.” While Sutton is certainly not a household name, he is a major figure in deep learning, and a significant addition for a Canadian company nonetheless. Without a central hub for academics to branch out on their work in Canada, deep learning’s southbound pioneers served as pied pipers, bringing their students with them, creating a brain drain. Banking, too, seems to have plenty to offer deep-learning experts—in particular, rich historical data sets from decades of business. “The backbone of machine learning is data sets, and without that you’re really handcuffed. The bank has really interesting data sets from decades of market data that can be used to solve open problems right now,” says Agrafioti. Banking also offers some tantalizing practical applications for deep-learning innovators, too; of the three possibilities listed by Agrafioti—personalized AI-driven customer service, real-time fraud prevention and risk management—it’s the last one that might appeal most to those interested in industry disruption. Deep learning’s use of patterns to predict future activity appears to have tremendous potential for stock brokers, investment bankers, and asset managers—to assist them, at least for now. (For the record, Agrafioti demurs about the potential automation of those positions, rightly noting that there is no industry consensus on whether AI can ever truly become as or more powerful than the human brain.) It is, however, unclear if Canada’s banks—collectively the country’s largest companies—could reverse the tide of expertise migrating southward on their own. While the price tag of RBC’s investment in this lab is unclear, beyond Agrafioti’s cited cost of “tens of millions of dollars over the coming years,” Canada’s banks are unlikely to be able to match the dollar figures splashed around by companies like Tesla, which invested US$1 billion into Open AI in 2015. Canada’s Big Six banks themselves are less likely to feel the need to innovate, insulated as they are against the competitive agitation of fintech companies by their market position and regulatory bulwarks, and cognizant that Canada’s venture capitalism industry—usually the fuel for fintech—is far less fulsome than America’s. For these comfortable behemoth banks, the innovation stakes aren’t as high, a fact that Agrafioti acknowledges: “Our rate of adoption is, of course, not as fast as some tech companies.” Still, RBC deserves credit for at least pushing to develop more homegrown research. Scotiabank, CIBC, TD Canada Trust and Bank of Montreal were not able to respond at press time to requests for details about their own research into deep learning. (Scotiabank did, however, start a “digital factory” in 2015, which professed to partner with fintech startups to develop new technologies, and gifted the University of Toronto with $1.75 million to study “disruptive technologies,” while several big-bank CEOs acknowledged that AI needed to be harnessed within the industry at a recent conference.) But will it be enough to reverse the AI brain drain on its own? Surely not. The lure of money, vast data sets, and powerful computing in Silicon Valley remains a powerful pull for those at the peak of their profession. But if Canadian companies can learn anything from deep learning, it’s to take lessons from the many patterns of the past—struggles to innovate, and an inability to keep our best talent here—and project the right way forward in the future. And where better to start, than with the large data sets at the fingertips of our powerful banks? Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Reddit Email   Filed under: deep learning Editor's Picks machine learning RBC Royal Bank of Canada Advertisement Advertisement    Post navigation Previous Ezra Levant: The Rebel’s unrepentant commander Next What marching means for a hellscape ahead Show comments Hide comments (2) Can RBC help stop Canada’s brain drain in deep learning? Obviously, we don’t own smart people or their ideas; they may go where they’re most wanted and/or where opportunity awaits them. One might ask, in the days of Harpernomics what signal was sent by directing much of the investment capital (in some years the majority) and much of government research funding into raw resource extraction? What message did researchers working under government support take away from the muzzle? With Canadians being notable homers, it takes more than a little pressure to push them away; however, the ‘brain drain’ is hardly a new notion. Reply ↓ GeraldR on January 18, 2017 at 9:17 pm Canada should rise to this challenge by making it easier for our young people to obtain the appropriate training. Instead, Trudeau repeatedly talks about bringing in the “best and brightest” from other countries to fill our Universities and hi-tech job openings. It has probably never been harder for young Canadians to obtain higher education. Besides the steep financial cost, gaining admission to many fields is extremely difficult and student housing is in short supply. At UBC, for example, the Dean of Engineering has complained that they can only take 1 in 5 qualified applicants. Meanwhile the University touts the fact that a third of their student body is made up of foreign students and this is increasing rapidly. This is directly related to the underfunding of the University by government – UBC’s financial plan states that admissions of Canadian students to most faculties has been frozen and all increases in enrollment will be made up from foreign students, who pay higher tuition fees and can help make up budget shortfalls. Something is terribly wrong. Reply ↓ Olde Grouch on January 21, 2017 at 9:43 pm Cancel reply Sign in to comment. You're logged in as . Logout. Loading profile... Unexpected error. Please try again. Notice: Your email may not yet have been verified. Please check your email, click the link to verify your address, and then submit your comment. If you can't find this email, access your profile editor to re-send the confirmation email. You must have a verified email to submit a comment. Once you have done so, check again. Your comment Related stories Canada has nothing to learn from Donald Trump's America Andrew Leslie and Charlie Angus on the rise: Ottawa Power Rankings Donald Trump's pre-inaugural bash at the feet of Abraham Lincoln RBC Taylor Prize: Spotlight on Max Eisen Canada's top party schools 2017 Popular on Maclean's   1 of 2   How tiny details tell the bigger story of a surreal inauguration 18 comments Canada’s top party schools 2017 4 comments Ten years later, we ask again: What’s wrong in Regina? 3 comments Ezra Levant: The Rebel’s unrepentant commander 12 comments How Donald Trump will save the left 25 comments Maclean’s Donald Trump Tweet Predictor No. 2: Results 2 comments Sean Spicer has the craziest job in the Trump administration 8 comments The match struck by Trump’s gaslighting Canada remains on Donald Trump’s nice list—for now 3 comments What marching means for a hellscape ahead 16 comments Top Twitter Facebook Tumblr Instagram LinkedIn Google+ Share YouTube Resources About Us Advertising Contact Us Site Map Subscribe Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Subscribe to Macleans.ca newsletters Need to know Essential reading on the national conversation. Sign up for a daily dose of news, commentary and analysis from the always thought-provoking Maclean's newsroom.† Storyline Every Saturday, we'll send you our editor's picks of the best stories on Macleans.ca† From our partners Yes! I would like Maclean's to send me alerts, information, event notifications, special deals and promotions from our carefully screened partners that they feel may be of interest to me.† By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} © 2001-2017 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Networking Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Phones Printers Software Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español Apple MacBook Pro with Touch Bar (15-inch, 2016) review: The biggest MacBook has a trackpad that's bigger than your entire phone By: Dan Ackerman Reviewed: January 18, 2017 Apple's largest laptop adds Touch Bar support for serious design apps by Dan Ackerman 1:24 Close Drag 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 $2,239.95 MSRP: $2,399.00 Apple MacBook Pro with Touch Bar (15-inch, space gray, 2016) (Part #: MLH32LL/A) 3 Related Models Apple MacBook Pro with Touch Bar (15-inch, silver, 2016) mlw72lla $2,249.00 Apple MacBook Pro with Touch Bar - 15.4" - Core i7 - 16 GB RAM - 512 GB flash storage - English mlh42lla $2,779.00 Apple MacBook Pro with Touch Bar - 15.4" - Core i7 - 16 GB RAM - 512 GB flash storage - English mlw82lla $2,649.00 B&H Photo-Video $2,249.00 See it Apple $2,399.00 See it Amazon.com $2,249.00 See it Adorama $2,249.00 See it Amazon Marketplace $2,259.00 See it See all prices Compare These Apple MacBook Pro with Touch Bar (13-inch, 2016) Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Yoga (OLED) Apple MacBook 2016 HP EliteBook Folio G1 CNET Editors' Rating Be the first to review! The Good The larger version of Apple's MacBook Pro has a big, bold display, a thinner, lighter body, an AMD graphics chip by default and a massive trackpad. The inventive Touch Bar second-screen display saves clicks here and there, and now works with apps like Photoshop and Spotify. The Bad Even the base 15-inch model is painfully expensive. The Touch Bar is a fun add-on, but not a necessity, and the move to USB-C ports means potentially carrying a bag full of dongles. The Bottom Line With a slim bezel around its 15-inch screen and a thinner, lighter body, the top-end MacBook Pro packs a real visual punch. But if you miss the traditional HDMI and USB ports, consider the older 2015 model that Apple still sells. 8.3 Overall Design 9.0 Features 8.0 Performance 8.0 Battery 8.0 Support 9.0 Review Sections Review Prices Specifications User Reviews facebook twitter more more + comments 0 pinterest googleplus email tumblr stumble reddit linkedin digg CNET Computers Laptops Apple MacBook Pro with Touch Bar (15-inch, 2016) The trend line points toward ever-smaller computers, with premium systems diving below 10mm thick, and screens dipping down to 12.5 inches from the more common 13-inch or larger versions. But sometimes you want a big, bold, laptop with a large screen to match, especially for photo and video editing, design work -- or even just spending hours each day staring at endless text in a word processor. Apple no longer makes a 17-inch laptop (although we get reader emails a few times per year lamenting the loss of the 17-inch MacBook), so the new, updated version of the 15-inch MacBook Pro is as big as you're going to get without jumping to an iMac all-in-one desktop computer. And while we've already spent a lot of time writing about and testing both new versions of the 13-inch MacBook Pro, we haven't dived as deeply into the larger 15-inch model before now. View full gallery Sarah Tew/CNET Even though these are all part of the same family, the 15-incher offers important differences from the 13-inch models, starting with the configuration options. There are two base configurations of the 13-inch Pro -- the less expensive stripped-down model, with only two USB-C ports and lacking both the new Touch Bar control strip and the Touch ID fingerprint sensor, and a premium version, which includes the Touch Bar and Touch ID, better specs and twice as many USB-C ports. The two base configurations of the 15-inch model, however, both include Touch Bar and Touch ID and both start with roughly the same premium features, including four USB-C/Thunderbolt ports, an Intel Core i7 processor and a discrete Radeon Pro graphics card. And that's why the price for each is eye-wateringly expensive, starting at $2,499 (£2,349 or AU$3,599) in the US, and bumping up the processor, storage and GPU for $2,799 (£2,699 or AU$4,249), which is the configuration tested here. It makes the 13-inch models, which start at $1,499 and $1,799 (£1,449 and £1,749 or AU$2,199 and AU$2,699) seem very reasonably priced in comparison. View full gallery The 13-inch and 15-inch models, side by side. Sarah Tew/CNET Of course, there's also another 15-inch option that's a little less expensive. For the time being, Apple is still selling the 2015 15-inch MacBook Pro, which misses out on some of the newer features, but still has traditional USB, HDMI and other ports. Apple MacBook Pro (15-inch, 2016) Price as reviewed $2,799 Display size/resolution 15-inch, 2,880x1,800-pixel display PC CPU 2.7GHz Intel Core i7-6820HQ PC memory 16GB DDR3 SDRAM 2,133MHz Graphics 2,048MB Radeon Pro 455 / 1,536MB Intel HD Graphics 530 Storage 512GB SSD Networking 802.11ac wireless, Bluetooth 4.2 Operating system MacOS Sierra 10.12.1 Mostly new, inside and out Much has been written, blogged or Tweeted about Apple's newest MacBook Pro laptops, first unveiled in late October 2016. Despite it being a near-total refresh of this decade-old line, a good deal of the focus was on complaints about the (still) high price and the switch away from traditional USB and HDMI ports to USB-C/Thunderbolt ports. The inclusion of a slim touch strip for commands, called the Touch Bar, was also polarizing -- it's moderately useful in many circumstances, amazingly so in a handful. At launch, it didn't have the software support to be a must-have productivity tool, but that's slowly changing. You can read much more about the Touch Bar experience here. Beyond that, there are a lot of other updates and upgrades that got lost in the noise about USB-C ports and the Touch Bar. The MacBook Pros, including this 15-inch model, have newer Intel processors, the aluminum unibody chassis is both thinner and lighter, the keyboard has been shifted to a flatter design, akin to the 12-inch MacBook, and the trackpad (Apple's touchpad) has doubled in surface area. On this 15-inch MacBook, it's larger than even an iPhone 7 Plus screen. View full gallery The massive MacBook Pro trackpad Sarah Tew/CNET That last point is especially important, as this is one area where no PC maker can touch Apple (no pun intended). The multifinger gestures that make MacBook hardware and the MacOS operating system such a killer combo is enhanced by the new, larger finger surface. It's as if just when PC makers were starting to catch up on touchpads, with better surfaces and reliable multitouch gestures, these oversize MacBook trackpads move the goalposts further away. This is also a Force Touch pad, a design now in every MacBook except the MacBook Air, which replaces a traditional hinge with a flat glass panel with two levels of haptic feedback. You can read more about Force Touch here. Magic touch The Touch Bar here is the same as in the 13-inch MacBook Pro we reviewed previously. And by the same, I mean exactly the same. Both the 2,170x60 OLED Touch Bar display and the keyboard have been dropped in right from the 13-inch version. The main physical difference is that the larger 15-inch body has extra room on either side of the keyboard for speaker grilles, while the 13-inch keyboard goes nearly to the edge of the body. A much more in-depth exploration of the Touch Bar is available in our review of the 13-inch MacBook Pro, and the functionality, benefits and limitations are the same on this model. You can read that review for an extended test drive of the Touch Bar, but it's worth noting a few highlights and lowlights here. View full gallery Sarah Tew/CNET Initially, Touch Bar support was limited to Apple apps built into MacOS, and a handful of third-party apps, although that list is finally growing. In most cases, the unique-to-each-app set of buttons you get is presented logically, but some onscreen buttons have layers within them, and navigating deeper in and then moving back out isn't always intuitive (as in the case of Photos, Apple's photo organizing and tweaking app). In other cases, such as with Safari and Messages, the Touch Bar buttons are a perfect distillation of the most important functions in an app and the uses are easy to pick up immediately. One of the best Touch Bar features is the built-in fingerprint reader, which uses a new custom T1 security chip to implement Apple's Touch ID system, as seen on iPhones and iPads. Setup is similar to on an iPhone, with repeated fingertaps on the sensor recording fingerprint data. Unlike iPhones or iPads, Macs support multiple user profiles, so everyone using the machine can set up fingerprint access to separate profiles, or you can set up different profiles and access each one with a different finger. View full gallery Safari tabs on the Touch Bar Sarah Tew/CNET Switching between tabs in Safari is an especially cool Touch Bar trick. Each tab you have open in a Safari window is represented by a tiny thumbnail image. They're too small to really see much detail, but tapping on each one switches the browser to that tab, and it's probably still my favorite overall new Touch Bar feature. I'd love to see it in Chrome as well, as I'm often running more than one browser. Continue to next page 01 02 Best laptops of 2017 See All Apple MacBook Pro with Touch Bar (13-inch, 2016) Starting at: $1,649.00 4.5 stars Apple's Touch Bar -- a thin screen that replaces the function keys on the new MacBrook... Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Yoga (OLED) Starting at: $2,308.70 4.5 stars This professional version of Lenovo's Yoga hybrid is expensive, but packs in plenty of... Apple MacBook 2016 Starting at: $999.99 4 stars The 12-inch MacBook gets a better battery and faster performance, but it's still a one-port-wonder. HP EliteBook Folio G1 Starting at: $778.99 4 stars This 12.5-inch 4K laptop feels like a Windows version of the 12-inch MacBook. Dan Ackerman twitter facebook googleplus Dan Ackerman leads CNET's coverage of laptops, desktops, and Windows tablets, while also writing about games, gadgets, and other topics. A former radio DJ and member of Mensa, he's written about music and technology for more than 15 years, appearing in publications including Spin, Blender, and Men's Journal. See full bio This week on CNET News This crazy camera could be a boon to VR filmmakers Samsung said to plan April launch for Galaxy S8 Why Samsung is sticking with the Galaxy Note 8   Discuss: Apple MacBook Pro with Touch Bar (15-inch,... Conversation powered by Livefyre CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Tech content trusted by users in North America and around the world 7,353 Reviews & Articles | 53,840 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU Home News Super Computing China is working on the fastest supercomputer, ever It looks like China is building Skynet, with plans for a prototype exascale computer to be built this year By: Anthony Garreffa | Super Computing News | Posted: 5 days, 15 hours ago Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA China is working on the next generation of supercomputers, with plans to have a prototype exacale computer by the end of 2017. The country wants to be the first to build a supercomputer capable of a billion, billion calculations per second.     If they can do this, China would propel themselves to #1 in the world of supercomputing - beating out what was the world's fastest supercomputer, the Sunway TaihuLight machine, which came to life in June 2016.   China became a country to look to for supercomputers, as they made their supercomputer using locally made chips - versus products from US companies like AMD, Intel, or NVIDIA. Exascale computers on the other hand, are magnitudes more powerful - capable of 1 quintillion calculations per second (a billion, billion - so, like, really fast).   Although the country might have a prototype by the end of the year, a working exascale-capable supercomputer would be years away, according to Zhang Ting, the application engineer at the National Supercomputer Center in the port of Tianjin.   Zhang explained: "A complete computing system of the exascale supercomputer and its applications can only be expected in 2020, and will be 200 times more powerful than the country's first petaflop computer Tianhe-1, recognised as the world's fastest in 2010".   The exascale supercomputer would be used in massive data and cloud computing applications, with Zhang noting that the prototype would be the #1 in data transmission efficiency as well as calculation speeds.   As it stands, China has more top-ranked supercomputers than the US, with 167 systems versus the US and its 165. Out of the top 10 fastest supercomputers, China has two, and the US has five - as of November. NEWS SOURCES:Sg.finance.yahoo.com Recommended for You NVIDIA's new supercomputer will design next-gen GPUs... Canadian PM explains quantum computing to a reporter... IBM and NVIDIA develop new OpenPOWER HPC server with... Tyan introduces 1U POWER8-based OpenPOWER server for... >> NEXT STORY: 'Star Trek: Discovery' gets a further delay << PREVIOUS STORY: AMD Radeon Pro Duo drops to $799, dual-GPU Fiji goodness Related Tags Chinese supercomputer Chinese prototype exascale computer supercomputer exascale computer AMD Intel NVIDIA Got an opinion on this news? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts Xbox boss 'really happy' on Project Scorpio's progress First footage of Nintendo Switch's touchscreen in action Faraday Future receives only 60 deposits for the FF 91 Huawei P10 to have the highest pricing in the series Honor 8 successor comes with 6GB of RAM and 128GB ROMView More News Posts Forum Activity Asrock B150M-HDS problem How do i brake the boot loop? (no post) Z170X Gamming 5 - Sata Expansion alternatives Gigabyte (Business) Partner Questions Upgrading to Z270View More Forum Posts Press Releases AVerMedia's AVerCaster HEVC RS9280 brings 3G-SDI to professional 4K HEVC video Thermaltake reveals new Riing Plus 12 LED RGB radiator fan TT Premium Edition Radiator Fan with Riing Plus RGB Software Call of Duty World League (CWL) presented by PlayStation 4 invades Texas with CWL Open Event PAX South attendees can play Nintendo Switch before it launches Acer unveils versatile and robust TravelMate Spin B1 convertible notebook at BETT 2017View More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2017 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
Health Tips English News Hindi News Education Board Results Classifieds Radio City E-paper #Jallikattu #Raees #Kaabil #BMC election #Bigg Boss 10 #Virat Kohli DOWNLOAD APP:| Photos Videos Mumbai News Sports Entertainment Menu All Sections News Mumbai News Crime News National News International News Hatke News Sports EURO 2016 Cricket News Football News Tennis News Local Sports News Motor Sports News Other Sports News Life & style Horoscope Food Health Travel Dr. Love Relationships Technology Environment Test Drive People Culture Special Dear Diana Entertainment Bollywood News Hollywood News Television News Movie Reviews Wallpapers Photos Videos Mumbai News Mumbai news National Columnists MORE IN NEWS Mumbai News Crime News National News International News Hatke News TOP STORIES Headless baby's body found inside Mira Road housing complex Sealed alive! Civic officials lock-up elderly woman inside her house ToPICs Mumbai news Mumbai crime note ban BMC Jammu and Kashmir Narendra Modi SPORTS Cricket Football Tennis MORE IN SPORTS EURO 2016 Cricket News Football News Tennis News Local Sports News Motor Sports News Other Sports News TOP STORIES Has Wriddhiman Saha sealed the deal to play for Team India? So near yet so far! 8 times when India lost by narrow margins in ODIs ToPICs India vs England Viarat Kohli EPL BCCI Formula One ISL Life & style Horoscope Sunday mid-day Food MORE IN LIFESTYLE Horoscope Food Health Travel Dr. Love Relationships Technology Environment Test Drive People Culture Special Dear Diana TOP STORIES Learn to make strawberry jam, tea cakes at this Panchgani workshop Health: Experts list effective ways for better skin and hair care ToPICs Mumbai food Health & Fitness Technology Travel Relationships Dr. Love Environment Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television MORE IN ENTERTAINMENT Bollywood News Hollywood News Television News Movie Reviews Wallpapers TOP STORIES From Beijing to Bollywood: Jackie Chan promotes 'Kung Fu Yoga' in Mumbai Shahid Kapoor: I am really happy that Ishaan is working with Majid Majidi ToPICs Kareena Kapoor Khan Akshay Kumar Shah Rukh Khan Salman Khan Amitabh Bachchan Aamir Khan Life and style News Technology News PrevNext Tech: A look at Apple Inc's many innovations By mid-day online correspondent | Posted 19-Jan-2017Now Available on the mid-day iOS App, Download Now On the 34th anniversary of the introduction of Apple Lisa, we look at the tech giant's many products from the beginning till the present time that went on to make it a household name... The beginning... Apple I: The first ever technological endeavour by Apple, the Apple I kits were computers single handedly designed and hand-built by co-founder Steve Wozniak, who demonstrated it at the Homebrew Computer Club. Consisting of a motherboard with CPU, RAM, and basic textual-video chips it went on sale in July 1976 at a market price of USD 666.66. Apple co-founders Steve Wozniak and Steve Jobs, (below) the Apple I. Pics/YouTube The Apple 1 was actually sold as an assembled circuit board and lacked basic features such as a keyboard, monitor, and case. The owner of the unit pictured here added a keyboard and a wooden case. Apple II: Another invention of Steve Wozniak, the Apple II was introduced on April 16, 1977, at the first West Coast Computer Faire. Its character cell-based color graphics and open architecture set it apart from major rivals, the TRS-80 and Commodore PET. An undated image of Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak. Pic/YouTube While early Apple II models used ordinary cassette tapes as storage devices, they were superseded by the introduction of a 5 1/4 inch floppy disk drive and interface called the Disk II, which was designed by Steve Wozniak as a means to replace the slower cassette tape storage and cannot be used with any Macintosh computer without an Apple IIe Card as doing so will damage the drive or the controller. VisiCalc, a spreadsheet program, created a business market for the Apple II and gave home users an additional reason to buy an Apple II: compatibility with the office. Before that Apple had been a distant third place competitor to Commodore and Tandy. Apple III: It was introduced on May 19, 1980 in an attempt to compete with IBM and Microsoft. The product was largely considered a failure in the market as it required a design overhaul and a recall of existing machines due to serious stability issues that led the Apple III to be formally reintroduced in the autumn of 1980. Development stopped and the Apple III was discontinued on April 24, 1984, and the III Plus was dropped from the Apple product line in September 1985. The Apple Lisa. Pic/AFP Apple Lisa: The Apple Lisa was the first personal computer to offer a graphical user interface in a machine aimed at individual business users. The Lisa featured protected memory, cooperative multitasking, a generally more sophisticated hard disk based operating system, a built-in screensaver, an advanced calculator with a paper tape and RPN, support for up to 2 megabytes (MB) of RAM, expansion slots, a numeric keypad, data corruption protection schemes and a larger higher-resolution display. Despite this, the Lisa sold poorly, with only 100,000 units sold. Success with the Macintosh... Apple Macintosh: Apple introduced the first Macintosh computer on January 24 in 1984 as the first personal computer intended for the mass consumer market. It stood out for featuring the an integral graphical user interface and mouse. Users communicated with the computer, using a metaphorical desktop that included icons of real life items, instead of abstract textual commands. An undated image of a young Steve Jobs posing with an Apple Macintosh. Pic/YouTube The now-famous Ridley Scott directed Television commercial named '1984', which is considered Apple's watershed moment was made to market the Macintosh. Costing a whopping 1.5 million to make, it featured an unnamed heroine to represent the coming of the Macintosh as a means of saving humanity from the "conformity" of IBM's attempts to dominate the computer industry and alluded to author George Orwell's famous novel Ninteen Eighty-Four. (Read more about the Macintosh) Macintosh Portable: The Macintosh Portable was Apple's first "portable" Macintosh computer, released in 1989. It featured a fast, sharp, and expensive black and white active matrix LCD screen in a hinged design that covered the keyboard when the machine was not in use. The Portable was one of the early consumer laptops to employ an active matrix panel, and only the most expensive of the initial Powerbook line, the Powerbook 170, used one, due to the high cost. The cursor pointing function was handled by a built-in trackball that could be removed and located on either side of the keyboard. It used expensive SRAM in an effort to maximize battery life and to provide an "instant on" low power sleep mode. The machine was designed to be high-performance, at the cost of price and weight. Although it was received with excitement from most critics but consumer sales were quite low. Apple goes beyond computing... iPod: Apple debuted its digital music player, the iPod on October 23, 2001. It became phenomenally successful after sales began on November 10 of the same year. Over 100 million units were sold within six years. Apple introduced the iTunes Store in 2003, which offered offered online music downloads for $0.99 a song and integration with the iPod. The iTunes store quickly became the market leader in online music services, with over 5 billion downloads by June 19, 2008. An attendee holds the iPod Touch at an Apple Special event on 5th September 2007 in San Francisco, California. Pic/AFP Several updated models have since been introduced, and the iPod brand is now the market leader in portable music players by a significant margin.  Apple has partnered with Nike to offer the Nike+iPod Sports Kit, enabling runners to synchronize and monitor their runs with iTunes and the Nike+ website. The Apple iPod has three current variants namely... iPod Shuffle: A small ultra-portable digital audio player with 2GB storage capacity, which was introduced in 2005. iPod Nano: Portable media player with 16GB storage, also introduced in 2005, currently features a multi-touch interface and includes an FM radio and a pedometer. iPod Touch: Portable media player that runs iOS and was released on September 12, 2012 and is currently available in 16, 32 and 64 GB models. The current generation features the Apple A5 processor, a Retina display, Siri and dual cameras on the front (1.2 megapixel sensor) and back (5 megapixel iSight). The latter camera supports HD video recording at 1080p. iMac: Apple introduced a new all-in-one computer reminiscent of the Macintosh 128K: the iMac on August 15, 1998. Its design team would later design the iPod and the iPhone. The iMac featured modern technology and a unique design, and sold almost 800,000 units in its first five months. MacBook Pro: This high-end 15-inch laptop computer was released on January 10, 2006 during the Apple–Intel transition and thus became one of Apple's first computers along with the iMac to feature an Intel microprocessor. A 17-inch model was released in April, both of which received several updates and Core 2 Duo processors later in the year. A second model known as the 15-inch MacBook Pro and the 13-inch aluminum unibody MacBook, which contained a casing made from a single block of aluminum debuted in October 2008 followed by a 17-inch model, along with the built-in battery that joined the rest of the MacBook Pro line in June 2009, including the 13-inch model which Apple absorbed into the MacBook Pro line. Apple released the third generation of MacBook Pro in June 2012 with a 15-inch screen. It's most substantial differences are the fitting of a significantly higher resolution Retina display, the elimination of the optical drive, and replacement of hard disk drives with solid-state drives. A 13-inch third generation MacBook Pro was released in October 2012. The game changer... iPhone: Steve Jobs unveiled the first iPhone at the Macworld conference on January 9, 2007. was released in the United States on June 29, 2007 and later made available in the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Portugal, the Republic of Ireland and Austria in November of the same year. Apple CEO Steve Jobs unveils the iPhone at the Macworld Conference 09 January 2007 in San Francisco, California. Pic/AFP Several tech consumers reportedly waited outside many Apple and AT&T retail stores days before the gadget's launch with many stores reporting stock shortages within an hour. Apple CEO Steve Jobs initially wanted to utilise a multi-touch touchscreen through which he could interact with a computer by typing directly onto the display in the same essence as a tablet computer. This would virtually remove the use of the physical keyboard and mouse. The iPhone made this possible. (Read more about the first iPod and following versions) iPad: Apple introduced their media tablet, the iPad on January 27, 2010. It ran a modified version of the iOS and offered multi-touch interaction with many multimedia formats including, newspapers, ebooks, photos, videos, music, word processing documents, video games and exisiting iPhone apps. Content for the iPad is downloadable via Wi-Fi and optional 3G service or syncing through the user's computer. The mobile version of the browser Safari enables web browsing with access to the App Store, iTunes Library and other Apple-specific services. Since its launch, iPad users have downloaded three billion apps. The total number of App Store downloads is over 25 billion. The iPad Mini 3 and the iPad Air 2. Pic/AFP Apple unveiled the iPad 2, which had a faster-processor and a camera on the front and back on March 2, 2011, followed by the third-generation iPad, which was released on March 7, 2012 and was marketed as 'the new iPad' with an upgraded A5X processor and Retina display. The fourth-generation iPad, marketed as the 'iPad with Retina Display' came out on October 23, 2012, which added the upgraded A6X processor and replaced the traditional 30-pin dock connector with the all-digital Lightning connector.   The iPad Mini, featuring a reduced 7.9-inch screen was introduced later, which contained the same internal specifications of the iPad 2. The iPad Air and the iPad Mini with Retina Display were unveiled on October 22, 2013, with a new 64 bit Apple-A7 processor. The iPad Air 2 was unveiled on October 16, 2014. It added better graphics and central processing and a camera burst mode as well as minor updates. The iPad Mini 3 was unveiled at the same time. Apple TV: Steve Jobs demonstrated the Apple TV, a digital media player and video streaming service at the 2007 Macworld conference. The device originally incorporated a 40GB hard drive for storage with HDMI outputs and component video and played video at a maximum resolution of 720p. The Apple TV links up to a user's TV and syncs, either via Wi-Fi or a wired network, with one computer's iTunes library and streams content from an additional four. A 160 GB drive was released alongside the existing 40 GB model on May 31 2007 and media could be purchased directly from the Apple TV following a software update on January 15, 2008. The 40GB drive was discontinued on September 2009. A completely redesigned version was unveiled on September 1, 2010, which is 1/4 the size, runs quieter, and replaces the need for a hard drive with media streaming from any iTunes library on the network along with 8 GB of flash memory to cache media downloaded.   Running on the A4 processor, the Apple TV's features include access to the iTunes Store to rent movies and TV shows, streaming from internet video sources, including YouTube and Netflix, and media streaming from an iTunes library. A third generation with added features lke 1080p video resolution was unveiled on March 7 2012. Apple Watch: Apple unveiled its entry in the smartwatch market, the Apple Watch on 9th March 2015. It is a high-end device that allows users to make and receive calls and messages and track health and fitness. Connecting to the iPhone, the Apple Watch is designed as a wrist device for messaging and calls and for a variety of health tracking applications. The watch is also integrated with Apple Pay's mobile wallet, and can be used to view pictures and monitor news, and also connect to social media. (Know more about the Apple watch) Other honourable mentions: Apple Online Store: Apple introduced the Apple Online Store on November 10, 1997, which was tied to a new build-to-order manufacturing strategy. App Store: Apple launched the App Store to sell third-party applications for the iPhone and iPod Touch. Within a month, the store sold 60 million applications and registered an average daily revenue of $1 million. Mac OS X: The operating system based on NeXT's OPENSTEP and BSD Unix, was released on March 24, 2001 after several years of development. Aimed at consumers and professionals alike, Mac OS X aimed to combine the stability, reliability and security of Unix with the ease of use afforded by an overhauled user interface. To aid users in migrating from Mac OS 9, the new operating system allowed the use of OS 9 applications within Mac OS X as the Classic environment. This meant that users were able to continue running their old applications. Ronald Wayne Did you know? >> According to Steve Jobs, the company's name was inspired by his visit to an apple farm while on a fruitarian diet. Jobs thought the name "Apple" was "fun, spirited and not intimidating". >> Apple's initial logo designed by Ron Wayne, depicts Sir Isaac Newton sitting under an apple tree. It was almost immediately replaced by Rob Janoff's "rainbow Apple", the now-familiar rainbow-colored silhouette of an apple with a bite taken out of it. Apple officially dropped the rainbow scheme and began to use monochromatic logos nearly identical in shape to the previous rainbow incarnation from August 27, 1999. >> Apple was founded by Steve Jobs, Steve Wozniak, and Ronald Wayne on April 1, 1976, to develop and sell personal computers. Wayne sold his share of the company back to Jobs and Wozniak for USD 800 after Apple was incorporated on January 3, 1977. >> After visiting Xerox PARC in December 1979 to see the Xerox Alto, Steve Jobs was convinced that all future computers would use a graphical user interface (GUI), and development of a GUI began for the Apple Lisa. >> In 1982, after Steve Jobs was forced out of the Lisa project, he joined the Macintosh project. The Macintosh is not a direct descendant of Lisa, although there are obvious similarities between the systems. The final revision, the Lisa 2/10, was modified and sold as the Macintosh XL. >> In 1985 a power struggle developed between Jobs and CEO John Sculley, which culminated into his resignation from Apple and the founding of NeXT Inc. the same year. Tags: Apple Apple Inc Steve Jobs birthday Steve Jobs birth anniversary Steve Jobs Steve Wozniak Apple 1 Apple Lisa Apple Macintosh Macintosh MacBook Pro iPod Apple iPod iPhone Apple iPhone iPad Apple iPad Apple Watch Apple TV tech history tech rewind Previous StoryNow you can soon find nutritional value of your food on appNext Story Facebook inbox on desktop gets revamped with Messenger Related Stories Flipkart Republic Day sale: Offers in Apple, Samsung, Xiaomi, other consumer electronics Technology News | 24-Jan-2017 Download now: iOS 10.2.1, macOS 10.12.3 updates for iPhones, iPads and more Technology News | 24-Jan-2017 Tech Rewind: When the Apple Macintosh was first introduced Technology News | 24-Jan-2017 Is iOS 11 in Apple phones going to bring Group FaceTime Video Calling? Technology News | 23-Jan-2017 Apple sues Qualcomm for $1 billion, chip maker hits back Technology News | 21-Jan-2017 iPhones to be made in India? Apple is ready for the deal Technology News | 21-Jan-2017 PHOTO VIDEO Bollywood actor Jiah Khan's death: The mystery continues Spotted: Malaika Arora at cafe in Bandra Spotted: Devendra Fadnavis with daughter Divija at an event Photos: Hrithik Roshan, Sussanne Khan, other Bollywood celebs at a bash Photos: Vidyut, Adah at 'Commando 2' trailer launch Bollynews Fatafat: Crowd goes berserk during Raees promotion, one dead How did Subhash Ghai The Showman find success with Kalicharan, despite six rejections? How Jackie Chan felt helpless infront of Bollywood? Rekha exits the venue after Big B enters You May Like MORE FROM JAGRAN 0 Comments Leave a Reply Name * Email * Comment (You have 500 characters left) Enter the text as shown in the image * TrEnding Cricketer Siraj wants father to end 30-year auto-rickshaw driving career Cricket News|23-Jan-2017 Spotted: Sridevi's daughter Jhanvi Kapoor in Bandra Bollywood News|23-Jan-2017 Ileana D'Cruz poses nude in bathtub for her boyfriend Bollywood News|23-Jan-2017 Photos: Akshay Kumar, Twinkle Khanna and kids' lunch outing in Bandra Bollywood News|23-Jan-2017 Baby with 4 legs and 2 male sex organs born in Raichur National News|23-Jan-2017 'Koffee With Karan': When Karan Johar groped Priyanka Chopra! Television News|23-Jan-2017 Inspired by 'Crime Patrol', Dilip Kumar kidnaps child in Mumbai Crime News|23-Jan-2017 Ecstatic over dad's release from jail after 20 yrs, son dies of heart attack National News|23-Jan-2017 Now is your chance to help the world's heaviest woman National News|23-Jan-2017 Mumbai: Leopard takes midnight stroll in parking lot at Mulund National News|23-Jan-2017 Trending Most ReaD Most Commented Girl gangraped in moving jeep, incident filmed on mobile phone Crime News|22-Jan-2017 Shah Rukh Khan breaks down after 'Jabra' fans claim life Bollywood News|24-Jan-2017 'Kaabil' - Movie Review Bollywood News|24-Jan-2017 Navi Mumbai: Arrested rapist turns out to be fugitive killer Crime News|24-Jan-2017 Girl gangraped in moving jeep, incident filmed on mobile phone Crime News|22-Jan-2017 Ileana D'Cruz poses nude in bathtub for her boyfriend Bollywood News|23-Jan-2017 'Kaabil' - Movie Review Bollywood News|24-Jan-2017 Seema Kapoor: Neither Om Puri nor I ever bad-mouthed each other People News|22-Jan-2017 Imagica accident: Injured mother-daughter duo in Mumbai hospital ICU National News|06-Feb-2014 CBSE cbse nic in Class 10th X Board Result 2014 to be declared today on www cbse nic in at 4 PM National News|20-May-2014 Online auto rickshaw permits: Results of 7 RTOs declared National News|26-Feb-2014 CBSE Results 2015: CBSE 10th Board (cbse.nic.in) X Class Results declared at 2 PM today, 28th May at cbseresults.nic.in Board Exam Result News|28-May-2015 2014 MHADA lottery: Flats in Virar will be ready only in Dec '15' National News|07-Feb-2014 See More Latest News   Home Mumbai News Entertainment Crime Sports Life & Style Photos Videos GET Updates from mid-day.com View Site Map Network: Hindi News | Gujrati News | Urdu NewsCopyright © 2017 Mid-Day Infomedia Ltd. All rights reserved. About Us | Advertise with us | Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | Contact Us | Corporate Go to top
News Research Finance Page 2 Supply chain window On Display Marketing Advanced 中文 繁體 | 簡體 Facebook Twitter Register Login Taipei, Wednesday, January 25, 2017 05:15 (GMT+8) Taipei 17°C Home IT + CE Mobile + telecom Bits + chips Displays LED Green energy What's hot: Server, IPC, cloud computing Apple IC manufacturing IC design, distribution Memory chips Passive, PCB, other IC components DIGITIMES login page Sorry, the page you are trying to open is available only for our paid subscribers. - Please sign in below if you wish to continue - New users, please register Login Save my User ID and Password NEW users please register first. I forgot my ID and/or password? For any problems contact webmaster or email questions and comments to editor Realtime news China December mobile communication user base grows to 1.322 billion, says MIIT Mobile + telecom | 7h ago China software revenues reach CNY4.851 trillion in 2016, says MIIT IT + CE | 7h 15min ago SPIL posts EPS of NT$3.19 for 2016 Bits + chips | 7h 17min ago Winbond nets NT$0.23 per share for 4Q16 Bits + chips | 7h 21min ago Google develops meldCX via cooperation with AOpen Before Going to Press | 7h 32min ago Digitimes Research: Samsung, LG beefing up development of digital signage technology Before Going to Press | 7h 35min ago Eversol asks for compensation of NT$295 million from GET Before Going to Press | 7h 36min ago Chilisin eyeing top-3 spot in passive component segment Before Going to Press | 7h 39min ago Diode maker Eris to post 30% profit growth in 2017 Before Going to Press | 7h 44min ago Silicon Motion posts record revenue and profits for 2016 Before Going to Press | 7h 44min ago Over 260 million TV panels shipped globally in 2016, says WitsView Before Going to Press | 7h 45min ago Increasing sales of Nvidia graphics cards to affect profitability of other suppliers Before Going to Press | 7h 46min ago Samsung, LG new flagship smartphones to feature 5.7-inch displays Before Going to Press | 8h 4min ago Taiwan market: CHT expects profits to edge down 8% in 2017 Before Going to Press | 9h 20min ago LG Display 4Q16 net operating profit hits record Before Going to Press | 11h 10min ago Shuttle buys back 2.01% stake Before Going to Press | 11h 13min ago Pegatron China subsidiary acquires 2 factory buildings Before Going to Press | 11h 13min ago China software revenues reach CNY4.851 trillion in 2016, says MIIT Before Going to Press | 11h 15min ago Pause  |  View more Latest Digitimes news Digitimes Research: China smartphone vendors may favor local AMOLED suppliers over Samsung Display Smart LED lighting, high-end backlighting, IR devices to drive Unity Opto growth in 2017, says chairman Taiwan market: Seiko Epson launches Smart Canvas Component orders from AR/VR vendors still low in 2017 UMC expects wafer shipments to drop 1% in 1Q17 Samsung chip business posts record operating profits for 4Q16 Giga Solar Materials to start production at factory in eastern China at end of March China market: Foxconn to produce bicycles for startup Mobike Solution vendors to start rolling out 5G chips in 2H17, say sources Brand vendors to launch smartphones with AI applications to ramp up sales in 2017 UMC to start shipping 14nm chips in 1Q17 China market: Future Mobility to build smart electric car plant in Nanjing Chilisin, Ralec to merge Chilisin to acquire ferrite cores maker Ferroxcube PTI 1Q17 sales to beat seasonal patterns, says president Foxconn considering setting up panel line in US, says chairman The synergy of NXP acquisition: An interview with Qualcomm president Derek Aberle China re-assessing subsidies for PV projects Foxconn Electronics to have Sharp produce 4K TV panels in Japan China polysilicon imports in January-November 2016 grow 18.2% on year, says CNMIA EIH cooperates with Texen to offer smart cosmetics packaging solution Worldwide semiconductor revenues to grow 7.2% in 2017, says Gartner Hua Hong to intro 3rd-gen super-junction MOSFET process in 1H17 NOR flash prices rise, says report Taiwan December manufacturing production index up on month, year, says MOEA Market summary 24-Jan-2017 markets closed   Last Change TAIEX (TSE) 9447.95 +23.90 +0.25%  TSE electronic 381.07 +0.98 +0.26%  GTSM (OTC) 126 +0.03 +0.02%  OTC electronic 172.08 +0.01 +0.01%  View more Around the web ATopTech initiates voluntary Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection proceeding (Jan 13) - Company release TI reorgs analog group (Jan 20) - EE Times Higher battery density not the root cause of Note 7 fire: Samsung (Jan 23) - ZDNet Apple sues Qualcomm over patent royalties in antitrust case (Jan 21) - Bloomberg Vulture funds circle for piece of Toshiba's chip business (Jan 21) - Nikkei Electronics Asia US begins patent probe of graphics processors, DDR memory controllers (Jan 18) - Reuters Samsung Chromebook Plus/Pro breathe new life into Chrome OS (Jan 5) - 9to5Google Foxconn billionaire assuages China about US investment plans (Jan 17) - Bloomberg Latest from Digitimes Research Reports Analysis Data Global AP demand forecast, 2017-2020 China smartphone AP shipment 4Q forecast China smartphone AP shipments - 2Q 2016 More reports Digitimes Research: Taiwan top foundries to enjoy particularly strong 4Q16 Digitimes Research: China mobile AP shipments to rise 11.6% in 4Q16 Digitimes Research: Taiwan top-3 foundries see combined revenues rise in 3Q16 Digitimes Research: Global IC foundry output value to rise at 5% CAGR over 2016-2021 More analysis 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 More interactive charts Supply chain window Sponsor zone Releases White papers Bulletin Advantest opens registration for VOICE 2017 Developer Conference Innodisk introduces the world's smallest embedded RAID 1 Solution Toshio Maruyama of Advantest receives SEMI Marketing Excellence Award Prize-winning: Raiden series triumphs in Taiwan Excellence Awards 2017 Conexant working with Amazon to create AudioSmart 2-mic development kit for Amazon Alexa More releases Embracing the New Generation Intel Atom Family with DDR3 Memory Support Got The Message? Ensuring efficient and reliable delivery of content across a mission critical digital signage network Emb' Store On-Demand Software Service for Embedded Computing Efficient Network Management for Digital Signage Design Benefits of the MI/O Extension Solution More white papers Perforce Software Wins Develop Industry Excellence Award for the Second Year in a Row Perforce Teams with Leading Git Client Developer fournova Perforce Introduces Helix GitSwarm: Flexible Git Ecosystem Mirrored to a Powerful Mainline Repository Perforce Helix Distributed Version Control System Brings Greater Flexibility While Maintaining Enterprise-class Security, Auditability and Control Perforce Powers Development of Legacy Quest for iOS and Android More in bulletin On display 1 2 3 Samsung 14nm chips for wearablesPhoto: Company, Oct 18. Samsung 14nm Exynos chipsPhoto: Company, Aug 31. Silego SLG46533V GreenPAK 5Photo: Company, Jul 26. Samsung 256GB UFS cardPhoto: Company, Jul 13. Samsung PM971-NVMePhoto: Company, Jun 2. Winbond SpiStack memoriesPhoto: Company, Mar 30. Samsung 12-megapixel image sensorPhoto: Company, Mar 22. Samsung PM1633a SSDPhoto: Company, Mar 14. Silego SLG46531V GPAK 5Photo: Company, Jan 13. Samsung Bio-ProcessorPhoto: Company, Jan 5. Samsung PRO Plus 128GB microSD cardsPhoto: Company, Dec 23. Samsung 128GB TSV DDR4 RDIMMPhoto: Company, Dec 9. Page 2 Hot Systems Mentor Graphics Veloce VirtuaLAB adds protocols for networking designs Mouser Electronics undergoing expansion Digitimes Research: Shrinking tablet market prompts China touch panel supply chain to look for growth elsewhere Digitimes Research: Tsinghua Unigroup acquisition of Micron faces difficulties, but is a must for China for further development Digitimes Research: Qualcomm to push inexpensive mobile device market with Microsoft and Allwinner solutions More Page 2 MWC 2015: Intel launches new mobile SoCs, LTE solution Samsung intros 128GB UFS storage for smartphones Qualcomm announces highest-end Snapdragon 810 and 808 processors Micron launches 45nm serial NOR flash for embedded apps Intel launches Pro 1500 series SSD for enterprise More Hot Systems Topics The 10nm competition TSMC and Samsung have been competing for clients for the 10nm node. Japan earthquake Earthquakes in Japan often cause huge damage. They have had strong impacts on the country's electronics industry. China: Big plans for homegrown chips A CNY120 billion (US$19 billion) national industry investment fund has been set up to help local foundries finance the build-up of advanced manufacturing... ASE seeking to take up major stake in SPIL Advanced Semiconductor Engineering (ASE) is seeking to acquire an up to 25% stake in fellow packaging house Siliconware Precision Industries (SPIL). Frankly speaking Industry intros The synergy of NXP acquisition: An interview with Qualcomm president Derek Aberle Qualcomm agreed in late 2016 to buy NXP Semiconductor for about US$47 billion in the biggest-ever deal... Era of Silicon 4.0: TSIA chairman talks about virtual Moore's Law With 2015 being the 50th anniversary of Moore's Law, one of the hottest topics that has continued to... 7nm process is essential for semi industry: Q&A with Globalfoundries CTO Gary Patton Gary Patton, a 30-year veteran in the semiconductor industry, joined Globalfoundries as CTO in July... Industry integration, 5G and IoT applications: Q&A with Qualcomm president Derek Aberle Qualcomm president Derek Aberle spared his time with Digitimes for an exclusive interview... More interviews Taiwan DRAM module industry overview - Jun 2011 The year 2010 represented a peak in recent years for the DRAM module industry. Optimism surfaced in the second half of 2009 thanks to a return of demand on the... Taiwan DRAM-module industry overview - May 2010 Back to 2006 when total revenues for the third-party module market reached US$12.2 billion, Taiwan had over 15 vendors shipping DRAM modules under their own brand... Taiwan semiconductor equipment industry overview - Aug 2008 Worries about a global economic downturn have taken a toll on a number of industries, with the semiconductor industry being no exception. Players in the semiconductor... Foundry overview - Sep 2006 Taiwan's semiconductor industry has begun to out-run its global peers, once more, in 2006. This followed a trough in 2004, caused by over-inventory, plus volatility... More industry intros Sponsored links Wireless broadband developments in Southeast Asia markets As of 2013, the 10 ASEAN nations had a total of over 700 million mobile subscriptions, with the CAGR from 2003-2013 reaching 24%. This Digitimes Research Special Report analyzes the various mobile broadband markets in ASEAN and looks at the respective trends in 4G LTE development for those markets. 2015 global tablet demand forecast This Digitimes Research Special Report provides a 2015 forecast for the global tablet market and analyzes the strategies of key market players such as Google, Apple, Intel, and Microsoft. 2015 China smartphone panel trend forecast This Digitimes Research Special Report analyzes the strategies of key China-based major panel makers BOE, Tianma and IVO for attacking the different market segments through technology and pricing, and their relationship to local vendors Huawei, Lenovo, ZTE, Xiaomi and Coolpad. Buy link TAG CLOUD revenues semiconductor Samsung sales Taiwan 2017 4Q16 US 1Q17 MediaTek Mobile components UMC DRAM 2016 IC equipment Qualcomm packaging and testing 10 days cloud DIGITIMES About Advertising Marketing Membership Terms & conditions Privacy policy Contact us Notes & corrections Site map Channels News Research Finance Industry intros Page 2 Supply chain window Hot systems On display Tools & services Before going to press On demand Frankly speaking Around the web Topics Mobile RSS Facebook Twitter Account New user Login Members only Login to read more © DIGITIMES Inc. All rights reserved. Please do not republish, publicly broadcast or publicly transmit content from this website without written permission from DIGITIMES Inc. Please contact us if you have any questions.
Mashable We're using cookies to improve your experience. Click Here to find out more. Mashable Mashable Asia Mashable Australia Mashable France Mashable India Mashable UK Sign in Like Follow Follow Mashable see more  > Search Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop More Channels Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers Contact Contact Us Submit News Advertise Advertise Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Apps iPhone / iPad Android Resources Subscriptions Sites Mashable Shop Job Board Social Good Summit Tech Like Follow Follow The anti-trust lawsuit that could shape the future of smartphones 1.1k Shares Share Tweet Share What's This? A Qualcomm chip is smaller than a penny. Image: Qualcomm By Pete Pachal2017-01-19 03:27:33 +0200 Analysis Qualcomm is in trouble. For most, those words probably mean next to nothing, but if you know much about the technology within your smartphone, it means a great deal. Qualcomm builds many of the key components of the world's smartphones — specifically, the modems and often the processors, too. It's also the dominant vendor in both categories. To smartphone users, the difference between a phone that uses a chip or modem from Qualcomm and some other brand is often measured in seconds — how long it takes to launch an app or call up a webpage, for instance. To the industry, it's measured in billions of dollars — the reward for making deals to get your technology into the hands of millions of people. And in the future, the difference could play a role in the 5G race.  SEE ALSO: The iPhone's remarkable 10-year history, in pictures Shady deals? For the last several years, Qualcomm has been particularly adept at making those deals, growing its market share even in the wake of public stumbles like the Snapdragon 810, a flagship chip that ended up prone to overheating. In particular, it's been the exclusive provider for modems on the iPhone since 2011 (at least until last year, when Apple began using Intel modems in some iPhone 7 models). An iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. Image: Mashable Now it looks like some of Qualcomm's deals may have been out of bounds. The Federal Trade Commission took the rather extreme step of suing Qualcomm over how it does business, and it's been very specific about it. In a nutshell, the FTC says Qualcomm is being a supreme dick about its patents, which allows the company to squeeze licensing fees from anyone it does business with. For a patent holder that's not entirely unexpected (or necessarily bad) except that Qualcomm's patents here are so fundamental to smartphone technology that they're considered standard-essentials patents — a special type that basically forces the patent holder to license them at a "reasonable rate." The FTC accuses Qualcomm of not doing that, but also that it went even further, basically forcing any smartphone maker to pay Qualcomm for phones that don't contain its modem tech, if they wanted to do business with Qualcomm at all. Not the first complaint Qualcomm's been accused of noncompetitive practices before, but they were from the South Korean and Chinese governments in Asia, whose interests happen to align with chip companies (like MediaTek and Samsung) based there. Not so this time. Qualcomm is a U.S. company, negating any claims of regional protectionism. "This is the third time they've had an antitrust suit," explains Tim Bajarin of Creative Strategies, a Silicon Valley market research firm. "There's no question that when you have these kind of suits, there has to be some kind of significant evidence or material that would force these antitrust lobbies to [act]." Naturally, any discussion of smartphone technology eventually drifts to Apple (call it Jobs' Law), and the company is pretty heavily involved in this. Allegedly, Qualcomm pressured Apple into using its modems in the iPhone from 2011 to 2016, effectively shutting out its competitors from working with the most influential smartphone maker in the world and hampering their development. (In that time Qualcomm's market share in mobile modems grew from 45% to 65%.) "Apple is the premium brand in smartphones," says Jan Dawson, a mobile industry analyst. "Every other brand is either not premium or a mixed bag of offerings. It's certainly more valuable as a relationship." Interesting tidbit: Those new Intel modems in the iPhone are apparently so much slower than Qualcomm's that Apple is throttling them so users have a consistent experience. Whether that's evidence in the FTC's favor or just bad engineering probably depends on whose side you're on. The Trump factor The bigger question is, will any of this matter under a Trump administration? Conventional wisdom says that a theoretically business-friendly Republican leadership won't be as excited to push the case forward, and the current FTC chair will step down on Feb. 10. However, Trump is said to be considering Utah Attorney General Sean Reyes as the replacement. Reyes hasn't been too kind to big tech companies in the past, so there's little reason to believe he would give Qualcomm a break here. (That is, if he ends up being Trump's pick.) "This is one of the very last actions of the outgoing FTC," Dawson says. "It's possible the case may not be pursued as aggressively as it would have. But remember, [Reyes] suggested going after Google. He probably won't give anybody a free pass." For its part, Qualcomm issued a defensive statement, essentially a non-denial denial that was very light on detail, apparently saving its point-by-point rebuttal for court. Considering the FTC filed its lawsuit in Apple's backyard of Northern California (as opposed to Qualcomm's home of SoCal), the witness testimony could get interesting. The 5G race If you've read this far, you may still be wondering how this affects you. Simple: 5G. Right now it's a future-tech buzzword, but in a year or two we'll start to hear about the first smartphones with 5G speeds. 5G promises smartphone connections faster than even today's wired internet, able to transfer gigabits per second (real-world LTE usually maxes out in the tens of megabits). 5G represents a new frontier for mobile internet players like Intel, MediaTek and others — especially since there are still billions (with a "b") of people who don't yet own a smartphone. It could be that Qualcomm, with its impressive patent collection and world-class team simply outplayed everybody in the age of LTE, and when 5G comes along it'll be more of the same. But if it's found to have stacked the deck in its favor and has to make changes, the 5G era could end up being a lot more competitive. That could get messy — modem performance could vary wildly between manufacturers and even individual models — but it could also give some innovative outliers the chance to shine. It all depends if the incoming FTC chair still thinks that's a future worth fighting for. We'll find out soon enough. BONUS: Glowing bike path in Dutch town is like a moving Van Gogh painting Topics: Mobile, qualcomm, smartphone, Tech About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe. ©2005-2017 Mashable, Inc. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory
ARN - Australian Reseller News News All News Government Products Round Table yARN 5 for 15 Tech Technologies 3D Printing Apps Cloud Computing Datacentre Mobile Solutions MSP Networking PC and Components Products/Reviews Security Social Networking Storage Software Tech Hive Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Windows 8 Central Markets Green Channel Market Watch Retail Services SMB Market Events Upcoming events View all events Resources Resources ARN Library Microsites Webinars Videos Contacts Brand Posts e-Mags Email the Editor Jobs Media Releases Slideshows Subscribe to print Subscribe online Subscribe to IDG Publications Directories Distributor Directory Find distributors by name | vendor | location Vendor Directory Find vendors by name | category Deals Contact Sign in/Subscribe Existing Member Forgot password? Join ARN Sign up to gain exclusive access to email subscriptions, event invitations, competitions, giveaways, and much more. Sign up now Menu ARN Global semiconductor revenue topped $339.7 billion in 2016 Global semiconductor revenue topped $339.7 billion in 2016 Intel once again topped the global semiconductor market tally Holly Morgan (ARN) 19 January, 2017 11:28 - - - - print email Distributors ACA Pacific Alloys Australasian PC Distributors (APCD) BMS Technology Dicker Data Dynamic Supplies Impact Systems Technology Ingram Micro Australia Leader Computers Multimedia Technology Samsung Communications Synnex Topstar Computer International Wholesale IT XiT Distribution Comments The worldwide semiconductor revenue totalled $US339.7 billion in 2016, a 1.5 per cent increase from 2015's revenue of $US334.8 billion, according to Gartner. Additionally, the combined revenue of the top 25 vendors increased by 7.9 per cent when compared with 2015, accounting for 75.9 per cent of the market. Intel remained in the top spot, marking 25 years as the number one semiconductor vendor, with 15.9 per cent market share. Samsung Electronics came in second place for the 15th year, with 11.8 per cent of the market. Meanwhile, Broadcom was the best performer in the top 25, climbing 11 places to reach the fifth position. This move follows Avago Technologies' acquisition of Broadcom Corporation in February 2016. "After a poor start to the year, characterised by inventory burn-off, the second half of 2016 was fuelled by inventory replenishment and improved demand and pricing," Gartner senior research analyst, Adriana Blanco, said. "Overall, semiconductor revenue for the second half of the year was much stronger than the first half, reflecting the strengthening memory market and continued inventory replenishment, as well as inventory build for both the iPhone 7 and the holiday season,” she added. The market figures have been released as Toshiba is reportedly considering spinning off its semiconductor business unit in order to keep its head above water following a combination of multiple financial blows. According to a report by the Nikkei financial daily, the Tokyo-based conglomerate is considering selling a partial stake of the proposed standalone chip business to California-based data storage company, Western Digital, with which it jointly operates a flash memory plant in Japan. Read more Victorian chief data officer job highlights changing IT needs According to Gartner’s figures, the Japanese vendor ranked in eighth place in 2016, earning just over $US10 billion in revenue and accounting for three per cent market share. Read More: Increased automation could see data scientists out of a job IT spend tightens regardless of increase in services Boost Sales With Brother’s Partner Program More from Brother Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Join the ARN newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags GartnerSamsung ElectronicsvendoriPhonetoshibaAvago Technologiessemiconductorwestern digitalBroadcom Corporation Read next Australian Open taps Invigor and Optus for Wi-Fi analytics Office 365 reigns supreme as most popular Aussie business app ​Top 15 Aussie tech storylines to follow in 2017 Channel Deals Com1 International Aavara Pro Series Monitor Stands Read more ARN Distributor Directory Find distributors by name - vendor - location ARN Vendor Directory Find vendors by name - category Slideshows ​Top 15 Aussie tech storylines to follow in 2017 The New Year brings the usual new round of humdrum technology predictions, glaringly general, unashamedly safe and perpetually predictable. But while the industry no longer sees value in “cloud is now the norm” type projections, value can be found in following developments of the year previous, analysing behaviours and patterns to formulate a plan for the 12 months ahead. Consequently, here’s the top tech storylines to follow in Australia during 2017. ​Top 15 Aussie tech storylines to follow in 2017 Why 2016 was a year to forget for these 10 vendors Whether it be technology troubles, government conflicts or declining sales, 2016 has been a year to forget for some of the industry's biggest players. ARN examines the vendors who will forever look back on 2016 as an annus horribilis. Why 2016 was a year to forget for these 10 vendors Channel takes to the course with AC3 as IT for a Cause Annual Golf Day raises $40,000 The channel pulled together as an industry to support those in need during the IT for a Cause Annual Golf Day in association with AC3. Held at St. Michael's Golf Club, and won by Team Arrow, the event raised $40,000, with all proceeds split between Ronald McDonald House and Saves Our Sons, who work tirelessly to help children in need. Gold sponsors on the day included Hewlett Packard Enterprise TS and HP, alongside sponsors, Arrow; Pure Storage; Synnex; Dicker Data; Tribeca Living; Fortinet; rhipe; Dell EMC; Eaton; Nimble Storage; Datto and Hemisphere Technologies.​ Photos by Maria Stefina. Channel takes to the course with AC3 as IT for a Cause Annual Golf Day raises $40,000 iasset.com is a channel management ecosystem that automates all major aspects of the entire sales, marketing and service process, including data tracking, integrated learning, knowledge management and product lifecycle management. Related Whitepapers Why Cloud Computing is Requiring us to Rethink Resiliency at the Edge EMC VSPEX Private Cloud Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Atlassian acquires team-management software vendor Trello   Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | Computerworld Australia | CIO Australia | CMO Australia | CSO Online | Techworld | CIO Executive Council Links: Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] | Advertising | Books | Downloads Latest News 08:00AM ​Opening the door to data centre change in Australia 05:12PM HPE buys Cloud Cruiser in consumption-based hybrid IT drive 04:06PM PwC brought in to investigate "unprecedented" ATO hardware failure 03:51PM Machine learning set to be 2017’s megatrend More News PwC brought in to investigate "unprecedented" ATO hardware failure Dell EMC: Behind the makings of a global channel program 31 May World Business Forum Sydney 2017 View all events Featured Emerging Leaders 2017 Emerging Leaders 2017 EDGE 2017 EDGE 2017 ARN ICT Industry Awards ARN ICT Industry Awards Women in ICT Awards Women in ICT Awards
Mashable We're using cookies to improve your experience. Click Here to find out more. Mashable Mashable Asia Mashable Australia Mashable France Mashable India Mashable UK Sign in Like Follow Follow Mashable see more  > Search Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop More Channels Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers Contact Contact Us Submit News Advertise Advertise Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Apps iPhone / iPad Android Resources Subscriptions Sites Mashable Shop Job Board Social Good Summit Tech Like Follow Follow The anti-trust lawsuit that could shape the future of smartphones 1.1k Shares Share Tweet Share What's This? A Qualcomm chip is smaller than a penny. Image: Qualcomm By Pete Pachal2017-01-19 03:27:33 +0200 Analysis Qualcomm is in trouble. For most, those words probably mean next to nothing, but if you know much about the technology within your smartphone, it means a great deal. Qualcomm builds many of the key components of the world's smartphones — specifically, the modems and often the processors, too. It's also the dominant vendor in both categories. To smartphone users, the difference between a phone that uses a chip or modem from Qualcomm and some other brand is often measured in seconds — how long it takes to launch an app or call up a webpage, for instance. To the industry, it's measured in billions of dollars — the reward for making deals to get your technology into the hands of millions of people. And in the future, the difference could play a role in the 5G race.  SEE ALSO: The iPhone's remarkable 10-year history, in pictures Shady deals? For the last several years, Qualcomm has been particularly adept at making those deals, growing its market share even in the wake of public stumbles like the Snapdragon 810, a flagship chip that ended up prone to overheating. In particular, it's been the exclusive provider for modems on the iPhone since 2011 (at least until last year, when Apple began using Intel modems in some iPhone 7 models). An iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. Image: Mashable Now it looks like some of Qualcomm's deals may have been out of bounds. The Federal Trade Commission took the rather extreme step of suing Qualcomm over how it does business, and it's been very specific about it. In a nutshell, the FTC says Qualcomm is being a supreme dick about its patents, which allows the company to squeeze licensing fees from anyone it does business with. For a patent holder that's not entirely unexpected (or necessarily bad) except that Qualcomm's patents here are so fundamental to smartphone technology that they're considered standard-essentials patents — a special type that basically forces the patent holder to license them at a "reasonable rate." The FTC accuses Qualcomm of not doing that, but also that it went even further, basically forcing any smartphone maker to pay Qualcomm for phones that don't contain its modem tech, if they wanted to do business with Qualcomm at all. Not the first complaint Qualcomm's been accused of noncompetitive practices before, but they were from the South Korean and Chinese governments in Asia, whose interests happen to align with chip companies (like MediaTek and Samsung) based there. Not so this time. Qualcomm is a U.S. company, negating any claims of regional protectionism. "This is the third time they've had an antitrust suit," explains Tim Bajarin of Creative Strategies, a Silicon Valley market research firm. "There's no question that when you have these kind of suits, there has to be some kind of significant evidence or material that would force these antitrust lobbies to [act]." Naturally, any discussion of smartphone technology eventually drifts to Apple (call it Jobs' Law), and the company is pretty heavily involved in this. Allegedly, Qualcomm pressured Apple into using its modems in the iPhone from 2011 to 2016, effectively shutting out its competitors from working with the most influential smartphone maker in the world and hampering their development. (In that time Qualcomm's market share in mobile modems grew from 45% to 65%.) "Apple is the premium brand in smartphones," says Jan Dawson, a mobile industry analyst. "Every other brand is either not premium or a mixed bag of offerings. It's certainly more valuable as a relationship." Interesting tidbit: Those new Intel modems in the iPhone are apparently so much slower than Qualcomm's that Apple is throttling them so users have a consistent experience. Whether that's evidence in the FTC's favor or just bad engineering probably depends on whose side you're on. The Trump factor The bigger question is, will any of this matter under a Trump administration? Conventional wisdom says that a theoretically business-friendly Republican leadership won't be as excited to push the case forward, and the current FTC chair will step down on Feb. 10. However, Trump is said to be considering Utah Attorney General Sean Reyes as the replacement. Reyes hasn't been too kind to big tech companies in the past, so there's little reason to believe he would give Qualcomm a break here. (That is, if he ends up being Trump's pick.) "This is one of the very last actions of the outgoing FTC," Dawson says. "It's possible the case may not be pursued as aggressively as it would have. But remember, [Reyes] suggested going after Google. He probably won't give anybody a free pass." For its part, Qualcomm issued a defensive statement, essentially a non-denial denial that was very light on detail, apparently saving its point-by-point rebuttal for court. Considering the FTC filed its lawsuit in Apple's backyard of Northern California (as opposed to Qualcomm's home of SoCal), the witness testimony could get interesting. The 5G race If you've read this far, you may still be wondering how this affects you. Simple: 5G. Right now it's a future-tech buzzword, but in a year or two we'll start to hear about the first smartphones with 5G speeds. 5G promises smartphone connections faster than even today's wired internet, able to transfer gigabits per second (real-world LTE usually maxes out in the tens of megabits). 5G represents a new frontier for mobile internet players like Intel, MediaTek and others — especially since there are still billions (with a "b") of people who don't yet own a smartphone. It could be that Qualcomm, with its impressive patent collection and world-class team simply outplayed everybody in the age of LTE, and when 5G comes along it'll be more of the same. But if it's found to have stacked the deck in its favor and has to make changes, the 5G era could end up being a lot more competitive. That could get messy — modem performance could vary wildly between manufacturers and even individual models — but it could also give some innovative outliers the chance to shine. It all depends if the incoming FTC chair still thinks that's a future worth fighting for. We'll find out soon enough. BONUS: Glowing bike path in Dutch town is like a moving Van Gogh painting Topics: Mobile, qualcomm, smartphone, Tech About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe. ©2005-2017 Mashable, Inc. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Is This What's Held Back Apple, Inc.'s Cellular Baseband Ambitions? Finally, a possible answer. Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Jan 18, 2017 at 7:13PM You won't find an integrated baseband in the A10 Fusion chip. Image source: Apple. "There is no stand-alone modem business anymore." That's NVIDIA CEO Jen-Hsun Huang from a conference call way back in 2013, when the company was developing a Tegra mobile processor with an integrated baseband modem to challenge Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM). The baseband market had been shifting toward integrated solutions for years, and Qualcomm was by far the technological leader with integrated cellular connectivity. Integration provides significant benefits in costs and power efficiency relative to stand-alone modems. Yet, here we are in 2017 and Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is still using stand-alone baseband modems. The Mac maker had been exclusively sourcing modems from Qualcomm for about five years, and only recently added Intel to the mix as a second supplier. But over the years as Apple's own chip ambitions grew with its A-chips, this question has lingered: Why hasn't Apple integrated cellular connectivity into A-chips? We know the company places high value on power efficiency, which directly affects battery life. The answer may potentially lie in the FTC's recent anticompetitive complaint (link opens PDF) against Qualcomm. [Redacted] = Apple? While the complaint has an entire section dedicated to Qualcomm's relationship with Apple, and all the ways Qualcomm leveraged its baseband supplier relationship to score exclusivity, the second charge is that Qualcomm consistently refused to license its standards-essential patents (SEPs) to competitors at fair, reasonable, and non-discriminatory (FRAND) rates, contrary to its commitments. For smartphone OEMs that it supplies basebands to, Qualcomm has incredible leverage since any disruption in baseband supply could cripple their ability to make mobile devices. But for competing suppliers where Qualcomm lacks that leverage, licensing SEPs enables competition. Things get a little murkier when you talk about vertically integrated companies that are both customers and competitors. Samsung comes to mind as a prominent customer of Qualcomm chips as well as a maker of applications processors and baseband processors. Apple has long been a customer, and common sense suggests it should also have been interested in licensing Qualcomm's SEPs in order to integrate cellular connectivity into its own chips. Over the years, there's been tons of evidence that Apple is building its own wireless chips. Naturally, Qualcomm wouldn't want to lose Apple's baseband business; did Qualcomm refuse to license its SEPs to the iPhone maker? What if Apple is the redacted company from this part of the complaint? In breach of its FRAND commitments, at odds with its recognition that other industry participants "will require" a license to its FRAND-encumbered SEPs, and in tension with its practice of securing patent licenses for the benefit of its own customers, Qualcomm has consistently refused to license its SEPs to competing suppliers of baseband processors. Several of Qualcomm's former and current competitors, including Intel, [redacted], and Samsung, have sought SEP licenses from Qualcomm. In each instance, Qualcomm refused to grant a SEP license. You might not consider Apple a competitor to Qualcomm, but it very much is, particularly as its chip engineering teams have ballooned in recent years. Apple designs many competing semiconductors, even if it doesn't sell them to other companies and just uses them in its own products. Qualcomm competes for Apple's business against Apple's own chip teams. Refusing to license SEPs to Apple could be the perfect answer to the question that's been bothering me for years, since that would easily explain why Apple has yet to integrate cellular connectivity. Apple simply can't risk losing access to Qualcomm's modems, since the iPhone accounts for two-thirds of sales. And it's not as if Apple could quickly ditch Qualcomm basebands in favor of its own A-chips with integrated cellular connectivity; it would take years for Apple to design and develop even after scoring a SEP license and it would need basebands in the interim. That's not a transition that Qualcomm would be supportive of, as granting Apple a SEP license would merely lay the foundation for Apple eventually ditching Qualcomm's basebands. As a result, Apple has quietly endured Qualcomm's demands for the past five years. Evan Niu, CFA owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple, NVIDIA, and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends INTC. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Evan is a Senior Technology Specialist at The Motley Fool. He was previously a Senior Trading Specialist at a major discount broker, and worked briefly at Tesla Motors. Evan graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, and is a CFA charterholder. Follow @TMFNewCow Article Info Jan 18, 2017 at 7:13PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $119.97 down $0.11 (-0.09%) Qualcomm NASDAQ:QCOM $55.03 up $0.15 (0.27%) Read More How This Apple Inc. Supplier Created Hundreds of Thousands of Jobs in the United States Why 2017 Will Be the Year of the Virtual Assistant Does This Apple, Inc. Stock Recovery Have Legs? Is This Apple Inc. iPhone 8 Rumor True? Welcome Back, Apple TV Speculation Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Is This What's Held Back Apple, Inc.'s Cellular Baseband Ambitions? @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $QCOM
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch San FranciscoEast BaySouth BayPeninsulaNorth Bay Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News San FranciscoEast BaySouth BayPeninsulaNorth Bay Categories 7 On Your Side Distraction U.S. & World California Business Technology I-Team Assignment 7 Politics Sports Entertainment Health Station Info About ABC7 Meet the News Team Our Community Contests, Promotions & Rules Jobs & Internships uReport: Your Photos & Videos Shows ABC7 Live Newscasts Beyond The Headlines with Cheryl Jennings ABC7 Specials TV Listings Bay Area LIFE Live Well Network/Laff TV Bay Area Life; Sundays at 6:30 p.m. on ABC7 Follow Us BREAKING NEWS Avalanche kills man on ski patrol at Squaw Valley Full Story Email share share tweet email BREAKING NEWS Track the rain on Live Doppler 7 Full Story Email share share tweet email WEATHER ALERT High Surf Advisory Full Story POLITICS President-Elect Donald Trump and members of Congress prepare for inauguration Email share share tweet email EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc7news.com/video/embed/?pid=1709248" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> President-elect Donald Trump and many members of Congress are preparing for him to be inaugurated as the 45th President of The United States. (KGO-TV ) AP Wednesday, January 18, 2017 05:27PM Sylvia Douglas twice voted for President Barack Obama and last year cast a ballot for Democrat Hillary Clinton. But when it comes to "Obamacare," she now sounds like President-elect Donald Trump. This makes her chuckle amid the serious choices she faces every month between groceries, electricity and paying a health insurance bill that has jumped by nearly $400. RELATED: Obama holds final news conference as President "It's a universal thing, nobody likes it," Douglas, a licensed practical nurse in Huntsville, Alabama, said of Obama's signature law. "They need to fix it with whatever works, but not make more of a mess like they have now." That Americans agree on much of anything is remarkable after a presidential race that ripped open the nation's economic, political and cultural divisions. But on the brink of the Trump presidency, a new poll finds ample accord across those divisions on the need to do something about health care in the United States. More than 4-in-10 Republicans, Democrats and independents say health care is a top issue facing the country, The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research poll showed. That's more than named any other issue in the survey, conducted Dec. 14-19. But there seems to be little agreement on what to do about it. Democrats say they want to fix problems in the current program - among them, rising costs and dwindling competition - but not dismantle it. They warn that the GOP is threatening the coverage gained by 20 million people under the 2010 overhaul. RELATED: Trump on Intel briefings: "I'll solve the problems" Republicans want to repeal Obama's signature law but fear the political damage of stranding millions of Americans who secured coverage. Congress' nonpartisan budget analyst lent weight to that concern Tuesday, estimating that a bill passed in 2016 to only repeal - not replace - the law would result in 18 million more uninsured people and a spike in premiums. Trump says he has a plan, but so far he's given no details. He told The Washington Post last weekend that his approach would provide "insurance for everybody." Congressional Republicans say the revamp will offer "universal access" to coverage, not quite the same thing. The desire to fix Obamacare stretches across party lines, but some are skeptical it can be done. "It can't be made to work," said James Gemind, a 55-year-old restaurant worker from Orlando, Florida. "That's why both sides have been unanimous in their agreement that it has to be repealed or replaced. Part of it is funding; it just does not exist to insure everybody." Health care aside, in the poll there was more modest agreement on other national priorities. About a third of Republicans and a quarter of Democrats put unemployment among their top issues. About a fifth named the economy in general as a top priority regardless of party, according to the poll. Most Americans said the government should put a substantial amount of effort toward addressing the public's priorities, but few expect much will be accomplished in the next year, the survey said. Overall, domestic issues including health care, education, the environment and racism were cited by 86 percent of Americans. But Democrats were more likely to mention the environment, racism and poverty, while Republicans were more likely to cite immigration, terrorism, government spending and taxes. RELATED: President Obama advice to Trump in final press conference Immigration was named by 40 percent of GOP respondents, compared to 15 percent of Democrats. Trump during the campaign connected immigration to national security and vowed to build a wall along the southern U.S. border and make Mexico pay for it - an idea Mexican leaders have not accepted. Trump now says Mexico will pay for it "eventually." In a turn-around from a year ago, most Republicans now say the country is on the right course, while Democrats have become more pessimistic. But it's health care reform that survives this era of division, in part because it touches on peoples' day-to-day quality of life, and in the most personal ways. Douglas' husband is disabled and she recently was diagnosed with a condition that required abdominal imaging. Blue Cross Blue Shield of Alabama is now the only provider in her state exchange - a fact she blames for the boost in her monthly premium, from around $600 to nearly $1000. Additionally, she learned, her deductible had zoomed to $4,000. That torpedoed work she'd done to build a future. "I was going to buy a new home, I was getting my credit straight, but now that is down the drain," Douglas said. "Obamacare helped the less-fortunate, and that's what I liked about it. I had no idea it would tear out the middle class like this." For more on the Trump transition into The White House, watch the video above. Related Topics: politicsdonald trumptrump inaugurationcongresspresidential inaugurationmike pence Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 by The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. POLITICS Brown takes on Trump in State of the State address Trump administration orders media blackout at EPA Watch President Donald Trump's first post-inauguration interview on ABC this Wednesday Women's March was life-changing experience for some Melania Trump, First Family settle at White House More Politics Top Stories Trump signs orders advancing Keystone, Dakota pipelines Niles Canyon closed during car recovery Oscars go gaga for 'La La Land' with record-tying 14 nods Here are your 2017 Oscar nominees Brown takes on Trump in State of the State address 'Steve' sinkhole repairs continue on Hwy 13 in Oakland No signs of trauma in deaths of 2 people, 2 cats in Berkeley Show More Avalanche kills man on ski patrol at Squaw Valley Trump administration orders media blackout at EPA Gov. Jerry Brown declares state of emergency across California Report alleges Ghost Ship fire started next door Family member locates missing woman's car in Alameda Creek More News Top Video Here are your 2017 Oscar nominees SJ councilman proposes ban of national flag of Vietnam Storms create sinkholes, damage Bay Area highways No signs of trauma in deaths of 2 people, 2 cats in Berkeley More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News San FranciscoEast BaySouth BayPeninsulaNorth Bay Categories Video Photos 7 On Your Side Distraction U.S. & World California Business Technology Station Info About ABC7 Meet the News Team Our Community Contests, Promotions & Rules Jobs & Internships uReport: Your Photos & Videos Shows ABC7 Live Newscasts Beyond The Headlines with Cheryl Jennings ABC7 Specials TV Listings Bay Area LIFE Live Well Network/Laff TV Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps San FranciscoEast BaySouth BayPeninsulaNorth Bay 7 On Your Side Distraction U.S. & World California Business Technology About ABC7 Meet the News Team Our Community Contests, Promotions & Rules Jobs & Internships uReport: Your Photos & Videos Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KGO-TV San Francisco. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch San FranciscoEast BaySouth BayPeninsulaNorth Bay Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News San FranciscoEast BaySouth BayPeninsulaNorth Bay Categories 7 On Your Side Distraction U.S. & World California Business Technology I-Team Assignment 7 Politics Sports Entertainment Health Station Info About ABC7 Meet the News Team Our Community Contests, Promotions & Rules Jobs & Internships uReport: Your Photos & Videos Shows ABC7 Live Newscasts Beyond The Headlines with Cheryl Jennings ABC7 Specials TV Listings Bay Area LIFE Live Well Network/Laff TV Bay Area Life; Sundays at 6:30 p.m. on ABC7 Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KGO-TV San Francisco
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Hot Topics BABA AAPL Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Home > Market Insight, Financial Articles > Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech > Tuesday Apple Rumors: New MacBook Pro May Have 32GB of RAM Apple isn't planning an iPhone 6 battery exchange program Jan 17, 2017, 2:20 pm EST  |  By William White, InvestorPlace Writer     Leading the Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) rumor mill today is news of new MacBook Pro laptops. Today, we’ll look at that and other Apple Rumors for Tueday. MacBook Pro Update: A new rumor claims that Apple will be updating its MacBook Pro line later this year, reports MacRumors. According to this rumor, the tech company is planning to update the MacBook Pro line with Intel Corporation’s (NASDAQ:INTC) new Kaby Lake processors. The rumor also claims that the 12-inch MacBook Pro will allow for up to 16GB of RAM. It also mentions a 15-inch MacBook Pro that will have a 32GB of RAM option. This rumor comes from KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo. iPhone 6 Battery: Apple is shooting down rumors about a replacement program for iPhone 6 batteries, AppleInsider notes. An unnamed source from inside AAPL says that there will be no large-scale replacement program for iPhone 6 batteries. The reported reason for this is that there aren’t enough problems to warrant such a program. This news comes shortly after reports that the tech company was planning to launch such as program. macOS Beta: The newest beta of macOS 10.12.3 includes a new feature to save battery life, reports BGR. This feature pops up under the “Using Significant Energy” setting. The feature has a “Display Brightness” option showing up in this section. Clicking the text will result in the display brightness on the computer turning down to 75%. This is similar to the Low Power mode that was introduced for AAPL’s mobile devices with iOS 9. Check out more recent Apple Rumors or Subscribe to Apple Rumors : RSS Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/01/apple-rumors-macbook-pro-ram-aapl/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Stocks to Buy to Survive a 'Trumpsy-Turvy' 2017 Sell GoPro on This Pointless Karma Rally Alibaba Stock Will Hit All-Time Highs Soon 3 Bullish Stock Charts Screaming 'Buy Me!' F Stock Will Gain 20% in Trump’s First Year 10 Companies Bringing Jobs Back to America Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 2 Trades to Profit From Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Stock Should I Buy Groupon Inc (GRPN) Stock? 3 Pros, 3 Cons 10 Stocks to Buy to Survive a “Trumpsy-Turvy” 2017 10 Companies That Are Bringing Jobs Back to America 3 Breakout-Ready Blue-Chip Stocks Most Popular Most Commented 3 Bullish Stock Charts That Scream “Buy Me!” 7 Straight-A Stocks to Build Your Portfolio Around United Continental Holdings Inc (UAL) Stock Could Fake Us All Out 7 Stocks to Sell Before They Implode 10 Companies That Are Bringing Jobs Back to America 3 Key Blue-Chip Stocks Hogging All the Action With Trump in Office, The S&P 500 Is Free to Try for Another Breakout Nokia Corp (ADR) (NOK) Stock’s New Smartphone Lineup Won’t Help It Apple Inc. (AAPL) Suit Against Qualcomm, Inc. (QCOM) Is the Real Deal Monday’s Vital Data: Apple Inc. (AAPL), Rite Aid Corporation (RAD) and International Business Machines Corp. (IBM) Trade of the Day: Oracle Corporation (ORCL) Stock on Cloud 9 Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will the 'Trump' Stock Market Rally Continue Through 2017? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Is This What's Held Back Apple, Inc.'s Cellular Baseband Ambitions? Finally, a possible answer. Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Jan 18, 2017 at 7:13PM You won't find an integrated baseband in the A10 Fusion chip. Image source: Apple. "There is no stand-alone modem business anymore." That's NVIDIA CEO Jen-Hsun Huang from a conference call way back in 2013, when the company was developing a Tegra mobile processor with an integrated baseband modem to challenge Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM). The baseband market had been shifting toward integrated solutions for years, and Qualcomm was by far the technological leader with integrated cellular connectivity. Integration provides significant benefits in costs and power efficiency relative to stand-alone modems. Yet, here we are in 2017 and Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is still using stand-alone baseband modems. The Mac maker had been exclusively sourcing modems from Qualcomm for about five years, and only recently added Intel to the mix as a second supplier. But over the years as Apple's own chip ambitions grew with its A-chips, this question has lingered: Why hasn't Apple integrated cellular connectivity into A-chips? We know the company places high value on power efficiency, which directly affects battery life. The answer may potentially lie in the FTC's recent anticompetitive complaint (link opens PDF) against Qualcomm. [Redacted] = Apple? While the complaint has an entire section dedicated to Qualcomm's relationship with Apple, and all the ways Qualcomm leveraged its baseband supplier relationship to score exclusivity, the second charge is that Qualcomm consistently refused to license its standards-essential patents (SEPs) to competitors at fair, reasonable, and non-discriminatory (FRAND) rates, contrary to its commitments. For smartphone OEMs that it supplies basebands to, Qualcomm has incredible leverage since any disruption in baseband supply could cripple their ability to make mobile devices. But for competing suppliers where Qualcomm lacks that leverage, licensing SEPs enables competition. Things get a little murkier when you talk about vertically integrated companies that are both customers and competitors. Samsung comes to mind as a prominent customer of Qualcomm chips as well as a maker of applications processors and baseband processors. Apple has long been a customer, and common sense suggests it should also have been interested in licensing Qualcomm's SEPs in order to integrate cellular connectivity into its own chips. Over the years, there's been tons of evidence that Apple is building its own wireless chips. Naturally, Qualcomm wouldn't want to lose Apple's baseband business; did Qualcomm refuse to license its SEPs to the iPhone maker? What if Apple is the redacted company from this part of the complaint? In breach of its FRAND commitments, at odds with its recognition that other industry participants "will require" a license to its FRAND-encumbered SEPs, and in tension with its practice of securing patent licenses for the benefit of its own customers, Qualcomm has consistently refused to license its SEPs to competing suppliers of baseband processors. Several of Qualcomm's former and current competitors, including Intel, [redacted], and Samsung, have sought SEP licenses from Qualcomm. In each instance, Qualcomm refused to grant a SEP license. You might not consider Apple a competitor to Qualcomm, but it very much is, particularly as its chip engineering teams have ballooned in recent years. Apple designs many competing semiconductors, even if it doesn't sell them to other companies and just uses them in its own products. Qualcomm competes for Apple's business against Apple's own chip teams. Refusing to license SEPs to Apple could be the perfect answer to the question that's been bothering me for years, since that would easily explain why Apple has yet to integrate cellular connectivity. Apple simply can't risk losing access to Qualcomm's modems, since the iPhone accounts for two-thirds of sales. And it's not as if Apple could quickly ditch Qualcomm basebands in favor of its own A-chips with integrated cellular connectivity; it would take years for Apple to design and develop even after scoring a SEP license and it would need basebands in the interim. That's not a transition that Qualcomm would be supportive of, as granting Apple a SEP license would merely lay the foundation for Apple eventually ditching Qualcomm's basebands. As a result, Apple has quietly endured Qualcomm's demands for the past five years. Evan Niu, CFA owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple, NVIDIA, and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends INTC. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Evan is a Senior Technology Specialist at The Motley Fool. He was previously a Senior Trading Specialist at a major discount broker, and worked briefly at Tesla Motors. Evan graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, and is a CFA charterholder. Follow @TMFNewCow Article Info Jan 18, 2017 at 7:13PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $119.97 down $0.11 (-0.09%) Qualcomm NASDAQ:QCOM $55.03 up $0.15 (0.27%) Read More How This Apple Inc. Supplier Created Hundreds of Thousands of Jobs in the United States Why 2017 Will Be the Year of the Virtual Assistant Does This Apple, Inc. Stock Recovery Have Legs? Is This Apple Inc. iPhone 8 Rumor True? Welcome Back, Apple TV Speculation Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Is This What's Held Back Apple, Inc.'s Cellular Baseband Ambitions? @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $QCOM
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Linux > Linux Distributions FLASH SALE: VDownloader      50% OFF! Latest LibreELEC 8.0 Beta Updates Linux Kernel Support Patches for Raspberry Pi GO Now based on Kodi 17 RC3 and Linux kernel 4.9.3 Jan 18, 2017 23:59 GMT  ·  By Marius Nestor  ·  Share:  A new development release of the LibreELEC open-source operating system for Raspberry Pi and similar embedded devices has been unveiled recently, versioned 7.95.1 Beta. LibreELEC lets you transform a Raspberry Pi into an HTPC. Based on the just-released third RC (Release Candidate) build of the upcoming Kodi 17 "Krypton" open-source media center and powered by the Linux 4.9.3 kernel, LibreELEC 7.95.1 Beta updates the Linux kernel support patches for Raspberry Pi SBCs, and adds UDL driver support to Raspberry Pi and  Raspberry Pi 2 projects. The new Beta version also updates the LibreELEC settings to version 0.8.7, but there's no news on the improvements implemented in this build. Moreover, the Raspberry Pi firmware has been updated to address some minor CEC (Consumer Electronics Control) issues, and libCEC is now up to version 4.0.1 and adds pulse-eight CEC adapter support. Issues with AMD Radeon and Intel graphics drivers resolved Among other noteworthy changes implemented in the LibreELEC 7.95.1 Beta update, we can mention the addition of media_build DVB driver support to the Generic, Raspberry Pi, and Raspberry Pi 2 projects, along with the skin.estouchy package, which is available for installation from the LibreELEC add-on repository. Some interesting bugs have been patched in this new Beta version, such as some issues with AMD Radeon and Intel graphics drivers, which are built with DRI3 support but default to DRI2. Better atvclient IR sensor support is now offered and the Fluxbox window manager can now start applications minimized. The audio passthrough for JustBoom DAC devices on Raspberry Pi boards should now work out of the box, and it looks like multiple sync/timing issues have been fixed for Amlogic ‘ARM’ devices, though this Beta excludes Amlogic AArch64 projects due to a memory leak problem that should be patched in the next release. "Amlogic AArch64 projects (WeTek Hub, WeTek Play 2, and Odroid C2) are excluded due to a memory leak issue we are still diagnosing," reads the announcement. "Although the problem is also present in recent Alpha builds we felt it was inappropriate to release until this is resolved as a Beta release attracts many more user-upgrades from Jarvis installs." LibreELEC 7.95.1 Beta is now available for download if you want to take it for a test drive. Images are available for generic x86_64 (64-bit) hardware, as well as Raspberry Pi, Raspberry Pi 2, and WeTek platforms. When testing these pre-release builds, please try to keep in mind that they're not yet ready for production use. #LibreELEC 8.0#LibreELEC 7.95.1 Beta#Raspberry Pi#HTPC#Kodi subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Linus Torvalds Announces Subsurface 4.6 Open-Source Dive Log and Planning App openSUSE Tumbleweed Gets XOrg Server 1.19 & Irssi 1.0, PulseAudio 10 Coming Soon Canonical Announces Snapcraft 2.25 with Rust Plugin Improvements, Many Bug Fixes Solus to Move to GNOME 3.22 Stack Soon, Adopt Linux 4.9 and Bulletproof Updates Huawei Watch 2 With Cellular Connectivity Reportedly Coming Next Month Padoka or Oibaf PPA for Ubuntu Gaming? Tell Us Which One Do You Prefer and Why Samsung SDI Announces Major Investments Towards Battery Safety Enhancements Vivaldi CEO to Microsoft: Stop Stealing the Default Browser in Windows 10 Why Half an Onion Would Take on Trump on Twitter Celebgate Hacker Sentenced to Prison Patent Wars: Nokia Seeks Cease and Desist Order Against Apple Huawei Watch 2 With Cellular Connectivity Reportedly Coming Next Month    LibreELEC 7.95.1 Beta released Other Linux Distros Rescatux: An open source and universal system rescue CD for Linux and Microsoft Windows OSes LFA (Linux For All): A 64-bit only Linux-based operating system that features four desktop environments Robolinux: A Debian-based Linux operating system that allows users to run all Windows software programs Robolinux LXDE: An official and freely distributed edition of Robolinux, using the LXDE desktop environment Robolinux Xfce: A special edition of the Robolinux Xfce operating system featuring the Xfce desktop environment Scientific Linux: A recompiled Red Hat Enterprise Linux put together by various labs and universities around the world NethServer: A beautifully engineered server oriented operating system based on the CentOS Linux technologies Reader comments Ubuntu 16.04.2 LTS Delayed Until February 2, Will Bring Linux 4.8, Newer Mesa more on: Ubuntu 16.04.2 LTS i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2017 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City CES Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City CES Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Neurala raises $14m to expand market for NASA-tested AI into drones and cars AI company Neurala has secured $14 million from a consortium of investors including Prelion Ventures, Motorola Ventures, and Draper Associates Investments that will aid its expansion into consumer electronics. ByTas Bindi | January 18, 2017 -- 23:30 GMT (15:30 PST) | Topic: Innovation Neurala has raised $14 million in a series A round led by Pelion Venture Partners, bringing the total amount raised by the company to $16 million. Additional Series A investors include Sherpa Capital, Motorola Ventures, 360 Capital Partners, Draper Associates Investments, and Idinvest Partners. The Boston-based company, founded in 2006, had initially developed neural network software for NASA to use in planetary exploration, where resources such as processing power, battery life, and communications are limited. What's Hot on ZDnet ​Samsung's report should quell fears, but brand recoveries take time The biggest barrier to Windows 10 success is still Windows 7 For national security, Trump gets a new secure 'smartphone' How social media is crippling democracy, and why we seem powerless to stop it Neurala recognised that its software, which mimics the way the human brain learns and analyses its environment, has broader applications. The company is now focused on expanding the market for its software, called the Neurala Brain, so that it can be used in toys, cameras, drones, cars, and other Internet of Things devices to make them more autonomous and interactive. Co-founder and CEO Max Versace said the Neurala Brain, when embedded into children's toys, would allow the toys to identify their owners and smile at them without communicating with a server. While some might find the illusion of a "thinking" toy frightening -- not helped by horror film characters such as Chucky -- Versace described the capability as "endearing". The Neurala Brain allows devices equipped with cameras to interpret images and recognise objects, meaning that security cameras can learn to identify threats, drones can learn to diagnose problems at the apex of cell towers, and autonomous cars can learn to avoid obstacles. Also, the software operates locally on devices, so they're able to function without having to rely on the internet or communicate personal information to a third party, the company explained. "This is essential for applications like drones and self-driving cars, where reaction time is critical and where you can't always get fast network access," said Versace, who is part of fashion designer Donatella Versace's extended family. Neurala is able to scale from low-end CPUs to high-end GPUs and pull from a number of open machine learning frameworks such as Tensorflow. The Neurala software development kit works with Android, iOS, and Linux, and supports Nvidia, ARM, and Intel processors. The company is currently working with Motorola Solutions, one of its early customers, on new applications of video, image, and audio analytics for public safety. Paul Steinberg, CTO of Motorola Solutions, said one of the reasons Motorola Ventures is investing in Neurala's software is the possibility that it can be used to aid emergency response personnel. Given Motorola Solutions sells products to public safety agencies and personnel, the company is always on the lookout for startups to invest in that could help improve its products. Looking ahead, Steinberg said the Neurala Brain could be embedded in body cameras and sensors inside police or field worker uniforms and identify potential dangers in a worker's surroundings. Neurala is not the only tech company looking to make advancements in the field of artificial intelligence. Tech giants Amazon, Google, Facebook, IBM, and Microsoft are all investing in the space, and in September last year, they formed a non-for-profit organisation to educate the public about artificial intelligence technologies and alleviate anxieties around its application. Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Innovation Google is bringing AI to your Raspberry Pi Innovation With tech skills but not enough electricity, meet Gaza's first startup accelerator Mobility Pokémon ​Go lands in South Korea, finally Innovation ​Australian National University invention brings sci-fi holograms a step closer × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Latest News Dow 19,913 +112.86 +0.57% Nasdaq 5,601 +48.01 +0.86% S&P 500 2,280 +14.87 +0.66% 4:13 P.M. ET Updated ‘Godfather’ of chart analysis says Trump rally has another 5% pop left 4:13 P.M. ET What to expect when PayPal reports earnings 4:12 P.M. ET Updated Alcoa Corp. Q4 adj. EPS 14 cents vs. expectation 20 cents 4:12 P.M. ET Starbucks earnings: U.S. same-store sales expected to be key driver for stock price 4:12 P.M. ET Updated Alcoa Corp. shares down 1.3% after company misses Q4 earnings 4:12 P.M. ET Alcoa Corp. Q4 rev. $2.5 billion vs. expectations $2.4 billion 4:10 P.M. ET Bob Evans Farms to buy Pineland Farms for $115 million 4:09 P.M. ET Updated This fund manager is finding profits in the wreckage of corporate Europe 4:09 P.M. ET Bob Evans Farms expects net proceeds of $475 million to $485 million 4:09 P.M. ET Bob Evans Farms to sell Bob Evans Restaurants, shares halted 4:06 P.M. ET S&P 500, Nasdaq close at new records after strong earnings 4:06 P.M. ET Updated GoPro stock soars on report of ‘better-than-feared’ holiday sales 4:05 P.M. ET Updated Dow gains 0.6% to end at 19,912 4:04 P.M. ET S&P 500 ends up 0.7% at record 2,280; Nasdaq Composite closes at all-time closing high of 5,600, up 0.9% 4:01 P.M. ET Breaking Dow ends within 90 points of 20,000 level 4:00 P.M. ET Breaking S&P 500, Nasdaq Composite score fresh closing records as stocks end higher 3:51 P.M. ET Updated Trump is building a wall of worry, and that might be good news for stocks 3:50 P.M. ET Budget nominee says increasing Social Security retirement age should be considered 3:48 P.M. ET How a Republican border tax proposal could boost U.S. oil production and prices 3:46 P.M. ET Updated Trump and the bulls look to rip a hole in oil prices Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin S&P 500, Nasdaq finish at record highs New York Markets After Hours Market Snapshot Winners and Losers Home Industries Internet/Online Services MarketWatch First Take Get email alerts Netflix is about to be bigger overseas than it is in the U.S. By Therese Poletti Published: Jan 19, 2017 6:52 a.m. ET Share Opinion: Big international expansion puts Netflix near tipping point for overseas subscribers outpacing domestic Pedro Saad/Netflix Netflix claimed a strong debut for the Brazilian drama "3%," part of the company’s big overseas push. By TheresePoletti Columnist Streaming content giant Netflix Inc.’s bombastic move to expand to 130 countries at once last year has led to big gains in subscribers, capped by a fourth-quarter push that puts the company on the verge of a tipping point that will make its overseas product bigger than its domestic offering. On Wednesday, Netflix NFLX, +1.98%  reported stronger-than-expected fourth quarter earnings, fueled by a big surge in international subscriber growth, sending its shares up 8% to what would be record highs in after-hours trading. Its stock has outperformed the S&P 500 index SPX, +0.66%  on a trailing 12-month basis. Netflix enjoyed its biggest quarter for new customers yet, adding 7.05 million net new members globally in the quarter, easily topping its forecast of 5.2 million. In fact, it added almost as many international subscribers as its total expectations, with an additional 5.12 million people signing up for the service overseas in three months. In the U.S., where it has a far more saturated customer base, it also showed good growth, adding 1.93 million members in the quarter, exceeding its forecast of 1.45 million, fueled in part by much of its original and exclusive content. At the end of 2016, Netflix claimed 93.8 million total customers, with 44.37 million of those outside the U.S., part of a strong growth year for the company. Netflix in 2016: Revenue up 30% Profit up 50% Subscribers up 25%$NFLX up 8.2%, tho its up more than that right now.https://t.co/O3jPzwSN6v— Jeremy C. Owens (@jowens510) January 18, 2017 Jan Dawson, chief analyst of Jackdaw Research, said in an email that he believes the company’s international subscriber base, which reached 47% of total subscribers this quarter, should outpace the U.S. base for the first time this year. “International streaming subscribers are likely to pass U.S. subscribers sometime around midyear, perhaps even by the end of the second quarter,” he predicted. See also: Netflix’s international operations could surpass U.S. in revenue by 2020 Netflix is now offering locally created shows, in their local language, for specific countries, a move that is adding to costs but also helping it grow outside the U.S. For example, its first Brazilian series, “3%,” premiered as one of the most watched originals in Brazil and played well throughout Latin America, Netflix said. In addition, millions in the U.S. watched the show dubbed and subtitled into English, continuing a trend that Netflix did not expect but has enjoyed. “We love that we are working with local story tellers, local producers,” Ted Sarandos, the company’s chief content officer, said in the investor interview. “That is really making a big difference.” Will augmented reality or virtual reality win?(3:11) Augmented and virtual reality are growing into multibillion-dollar businesses that will transform how users shop, work and communicate. Intel, HTC, Lenovo and Alphabet showed their latest innovations at CES in Las Vegas. While its U.S. streaming and DVD rental business were both profitable, Netflix’s international streaming business saw a net loss of $66.5 million in the fourth quarter, a big narrowing compared with its loss of $108.8 million in the fourth quarter of 2015. Netflix executives, though, cautioned in their shareholder interview and in the quarterly letter to investors that the international business will still see a net loss—albeit a narrower one—for the full year of 2017, even with a slight operating profit also forecast for the first quarter, as it continues spending on new content for individual geographies and on new market entries. Read also: Why Netflix gave up on streaming into China, for now “We plan on investing over the remaining quarters of 2017 internationally and, as a result, anticipate an international contribution loss in Q2,” Netflix said in its shareholder letter. “On a full year basis, we expect international contribution loss to improve substantially year on year.” Investors will have to accept these losses for the international business, just as they did when Netflix was building its U.S. offering, but Chief Executive Reed Hastings has proved that he deserves the benefit of the doubt when it comes to spending to build a winner. Netflix shares have gained 23.5% in the last 12 months, while the S&P 500 SPX, +0.66%  has gained 20.8%. More from MarketWatch Dow makes a run at elusive 20,000 amid earnings fusillade President Trump's Inaugural First Dance Trump Talks Up Tax Cuts, Slashing Regulations Quote References NFLX +2.72 +1.98% SPX +14.87 +0.66% Most Popular The stock market’s ‘fear index’ may have nowhere to go but up Amazon becomes first streaming company to get Oscar best picture nod Budget nominee says increasing Social Security retirement age should be considered This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like The ‘housing culture war’ reignites over $42 a month Therese Poletti Therese Poletti is a senior columnist for MarketWatch in San Francisco. Follow her on Twitter @tpoletti. MarketWatch Partner Center Therese Poletti Therese Poletti is a senior columnist for MarketWatch in San Francisco. Follow her on Twitter @tpoletti. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Smart home tips & tricks for a better you in 2017 View More SectorWatch How credit scores predict what you will buy next View More Real Estate The U.S. cities that are gentrifying the fastest—you’ll never guess No. 1 View More Sponsored Content Barron's: 3 ways to help improve retirement outcomes View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Netflix Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: NFLX $140.11 +2.72 (+1.98%) Volume 7.7M Open $138.11 High $140.93 Low $137.03 P/E Ratio 333.6 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 59.0B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,280.07 +14.87 (+0.66%) Volume 2.2B Open 2,268 High 2,285 Low 2,267 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,280.07 +14.87 (+0.66%) Volume 2.2B Open 2,268 High 2,285 Low 2,267 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A LatestNews
