null
Enterprise BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Intel keeps lowering the bar on the business it's bet its future on Eugene Kim Oct. 18, 2016, 7:19 PM 5,014 facebook linkedin twitter email print Intel CEO Brian KrzanichIntel With Intel's bread-and-butter PC business slowly evaporating, the chip company has restructured its operations and tied its future to the lucrative data center market.  But there's one big problem: Intel keeps missing its growth targets for the data center business. And Wall Street has noticed.  Intel's stock initially fell 3.5% after reporting third quarter results on Tuesday. After Intel executives opened their mouths during the conference call, the stock slid further, and is now down 6%.  During the call, Intel execs lowered the bar for the Data Center Group's growth this year to the "high-single digits." The data center group is Intel's most important business, accounting for nearly half of the company's operating profit.  With 90% market share, Intel is in a strong position in the data center market. But the company is struggling to build upon that strength and is instead seeing its growth slow. Throughout the year, Intel has stepped down its datacenter expectations from "15%" to "mid-teens" to "double digits" — and now it's saying it'll come in at "high-single digits" for the full year. "It’s a problem. Intel has hit its growth target for Data Center Group only once in the last 6 years," Bernstein's Stacy Rasgon told Business Insider. Cannibalization problem? Intel's data center business recorded $4.5 billion in revenue in the third quarter, up 10% year-over-year (it only grew 5% and 9% in the past two quarters, respectively). Krzanich noted that the data center business saw strong growth in most areas, including the cloud and networking units, but it was offset by the decline in the enterprise segment. "The enterprise market hasn’t shored up there," Krzanich said. "But don’t take this as I’m saying [enterprise] is going to be a growth segment...we should see some level of stabilization or less of a decline." Bernstein's Rasgon says it's a concern that the enterprise is not seeing enough growth. The cloud segment is growing fast, but that likely means it's doing so at the expense of eating into the enterprise's business. "A portion of cloud growth is enterprises outsourcing their datacenter workloads to the cloud, therefore there is an open question of whether strong cloud growth and weak enterprise are independent trends or coupled," Rasgon said. SEE ALSO: Intel slips after guidance miss NOW WATCH: It’s surreal to watch this 2011 video of Obama and Seth Meyers taunting Trump about a presidential run Loading video... More: Intel Brian Krzanich Data Centers Cloud Computing facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Intel keeps lowering the bar on the business it's bet its future on Intel keeps lowering the bar on the business it's bet its future on With Intel's bread-and-butter PC business... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Enterprise Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Enterprise Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Home Mail News Sport Finance Celebrity Style Weather Answers Flickr Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Mail News Home Follow us UK Yahoo Originals World Finance Sport Motoring Science & Tech Celebrity TV Movies Style Weather News Video Viral Intel's results beat estimates; forecast disappoints By Rishika Sadam and Nayyar Rasheed18 October 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Share View photos The logo of Intel, the world's largest chipmaker is seen at their offices in Jerusalem, April 20, 2016. REUTERS/Ronen Zvulun/File PhotoMore By Rishika Sadam and Nayyar Rasheed (Reuters) - Intel Corp reported better-than-expected quarterly earnings and revenue, boosted by improving PC demand and growth in its data centre and cloud businesses, but its revenue forecast for the current quarter disappointed Wall Street. The world's largest chipmaker's shares were down 5.3 percent at $35.75 in after-hours trading on Tuesday. Intel said it expects fourth-quarter revenue of $15.7 billion(£12.76 billion), plus or minus $500 million. Analysts on average were expecting $15.86 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. "This is below the average seasonal increase for the fourth quarter as we expect the worldwide PC supply chain to reduce their inventory," Executive Vice President Stacy Smith said on a conference call with analysts. Last month, Intel raised its third-quarter revenue forecast for the first time in more than two years, citing improving PC demand. The company's decision to raise third-quarter forecast moved investors' expectations to a higher level, Stifel Nicolaus analyst Kevin Cassidy said. Revenue from the data centre business, which offers storage and cloud-based software services, rose 9.7 percent to $4.54 billion in the third quarter, from a year earlier. Revenue growth from this unit for the full year will likely be in the high single digits, Intel Chief Executive Brian Krzanich said on the call. Demand for cloud-based services has been growing as more businesses shift to cloud-computing methods. Intel, which has been hurt due to weak PC demand, said last month it was seeing signs of improvement among PC parts suppliers. According to research firm IDC, global PC shipments fell by a smaller-than-expected 3.9 percent in the third quarter. (http://bit.ly/2dIkLfi) Revenue from the company's traditional PC business, which still accounts for over half of Intel's total revenue, rose 4.5 percent to $8.89 billion. Excluding items, the company earned 80 cents per share, above analysts' average estimate of 73 cents. The company's net revenue rose 9.1 percent to $15.78 billion, beating the average analyst estimate of $15.58 billion. Net income rose to $3.38 billion, or 69 cents per shares, in the third quarter ended Oct. 1, from $3.11 billion, or 64 cents per share, a year earlier. (http://bit.ly/2eeVLzW) Up to Tuesday's close, Intel's shares had risen 9.6 percent this year, lagging the 22.8 percent gain in the broader Philadelphia semiconductor index. (Reporting by Rishika Sadam and Nayyar Rasheed in Bengaluru. Additional reporting by Narottam Medhora; Editing by Maju Samuel) Reblog Share Tweet Share What to read next Intel announces $250 million for autonomous driving tech TechCrunch Did MH370 really disappear due to heroic pilot 'steering plane away from populated areas'? Yahoo News UK Twins born during Daylight Saving creates amusing age riddle Yahoo Canada Style Shocking Mugshot Shows Former Football Star's Fall From Grace After Drugs Arrest Inside Edition Ousting Dennis risks deals worth £160m, McLaren bosses warn Sky News Japan fixes massive sinkhole just days after it appeared Press Association video Rare Supermoon: Stunning photos from across the globe capture lunar phenomenon Young tax disc tycoon makes £2 MILLION on property deal... aged just 14! Yahoo Finance UK Val Kilmer struggles to speak in first public appearance since denying Michael Douglas cancer claim SNAPPA Celebrity The picture that shows just how shocking Vardy's horror tackle was on Azpilcueta Sporting News US, Europe markets rise on rosy economic data AFP First Lady Michelle Obama urged to 'run for president' Press Association video The incredible winners of the 2016 Comedy Wildlife Photography awards Why you should never go to bed with wet hair (it's not because you'll catch a cold) Yahoo Style UK White Man Tries To Explain Racism To Nigerian Novelist - It Doesn't Go Very Well Huffington Post Jessica Biel backflipped in a bathing suit to celebrate an Insta milestone, and, dang! Hello Giggles Oil prices extend rally, shrug off U.S. stock build Reuters America's Richest Presidents Yahoo UK Originals These are the world's best airlines, based on safety and comfort Japanese workers fixed that 30-metre sinkhole in a city centre in just two DAYS Yahoo News UK Gone Without a Trace: Have You Seen Baby Lisa Irwin? People Mortgage affordability 'at historic low' say lenders Sky News Boy, 4, slips over while bowling, you won't believe what happens next... Newsflare In pictures: Killer 7.8-magnitude earthquake rocks New Zealand Prudential's fund arms to use BlackRock's Aladdin platform Reuters 5 scientific signs climate change is already happening Yahoo UK Originals These are the best countries for freedom of speech Help Privacy Suggestions About our ads Terms By using Yahoo you agree that Yahoo and partners may use Cookies for personalisation and other purposes
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Fast Money Fast Money Halftime Report Video Halftime Portfolio Behind the Trade Poll Disclaimer Traders debate buying pullback in Intel after earnings Christine Wang | @christiiineeee Tuesday, 18 Oct 2016 | 6:32 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters <p>Trading earnings winners and losers: 5 plays</p> <p>The &quot;Fast Money&quot; traders give you 5 ways to play the earnings winners and losers.</p> Trading earnings winners and losers: 5 plays    Tuesday, 18 Oct 2016 | 5:00 PM ET | 02:15 The "Fast Money" traders debated whether to jump on a dip in Intel after the company gave current-quarter guidance that slightly missed Wall Street expectations. Trader Guy Adami said Intel slightly lowered its gross margins guidance, which he found "potentially concerning." Trader Pete Najarian said he would be a buyer of Intel shares, as the stock fell more than 5 percent in extended trading on Tuesday. Trader Brian Kelly said he's concerned about Nvidia, another semiconductor stock, and would be taking profits off the table in the company. He also said he would buy Intel. Disclosures: PETE NAJARIAN Long stock: AAPL, BAC, DIS, DISCA, GE, KMI, KMIA, KO, LUX, MRK, PEP, PFE CALLS: AAL, ABT, AMD, ATVI, BABA, BAC, BBY, BHI, BSX, CNX, COP, COTY, CRM, CS, CSCO, CXW, DAL, DISH, ECA, ETP, GM, GS, HAL, INTC, JBLU, JCP, KBE, KGC, KMI, KO, LLY, LOW, M, MOS, MRO, MRVL, MUR, NAV, NBR, P, RIO, SBUX, SLV, TMUS, TTS, TV, TWTR, VRX, WFT, WLL, XLF and puts: CLF, EEM, MBLY, WFC TIM SEYMOUR Tim Seymour is long ABX, APC, AVP, BAC, BBRY, CLF, DO, DVYE, EDC, EWZ, F, FB, FCX, FXI, GM, GOOGL, GE, INTC, LQD,MCD, MUR, OIH, PG, RACE, RAI, RH, RL, SINA, T, TWTR, VALE, VZ, XOM short: SPY, XRT. His firm is long ABX, BABA, BIDU, CBD, CLF, EWZ, F, KO, MCD, MPEL, NKE, PEP, PF, SAVE, SBUX, SINA, VALE, VIAB, WMT, WEN, X, YHOO, short EWG, HYG, IWM BRIAN KELLY Brian Kelly is long Bitcoin, SLV and Silver Futures, US Dollar UUP. He is short the euro and Japanese yen. GUY ADAMI Guy Adami is long CELG, EXAS, GDX, INTC. Adami's wife, Linda Snow, works at Merck. Christine WangNews Associate Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change INTC --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Latino Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Personal Finance Media & Advertising Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Intel's quarterly revenue beats estimates ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More Intel's quarterly revenue beats estimates Published October 18, 2016 Markets Reuters Facebook Twitter Print Intel Corp reported a better-than-expected 9.1 percent rise in quarterly revenue, helped by improving PC demand and growth in its data center and cloud businesses. Continue Reading Below The world's largest chipmaker said it expects fourth-quarter revenue to be $15.7 billion, plus or minus $500 million. Analysts on average were expecting revenue of $15.86 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Intel's shares were down 3.9 percent at $36.29 in after-hours trading on Tuesday. Revenue from the data center business, which offers storage and cloud-based software services, rose 9.7 percent to $4.54 billion in the third quarter, from a year earlier. Demand for cloud-based services has been growing as more businesses shift to cloud-computing methods. Revenue from the company's traditional PC business, which still accounts for over half of Intel's total revenue, rose 4.5 percent to $8.89 billion. Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT According to research firm IDC, global PC shipments fell by a smaller-than-expected 3.9 percent in the third quarter. (http://bit.ly/2dIkLfi) Excluding items, the company earned 80 cents per share, above analysts' average estimate of 73 cents. The company's net revenue rose to $15.78 billion from $14.47 billion, beating the average analyst estimate of $15.58 billion. Net income rose to $3.38 billion, or 69 cents per shares, in the third quarter ended Oct. 1, from $3.11 billion, or 64 cents per share, a year earlier. (http://bit.ly/2eeVLzW) Up to Tuesday's close, Intel's shares had risen 9.6 percent this year, lagging the 22.8 percent gain in the broader Philadelphia semiconductor index . (Reporting by Narottam Medhora and Rishika Sadam in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel) Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. © 2016 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times Nikkei ▲ 17862.21 1.10%   Hang Seng ▲ 22462.14 0.62%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ -3/32 yield 2.231%   Crude Oil ▲ 46.09 0.61%   Yen ▲ 109.14 -0.06%   DJIA ▲ 18923.06 0.29%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In Snapchat Parent Starts IPO Process Supersonic Passenger Jet Edges Closer to Reality Wal-Mart Fights Employee Chat App October Internet Attack Targeted PlayStation Network, Researchers Say Fake Content Pressures Facebook, Google New Site Helps Outsiders Land Tech Jobs Intel Courts Autonomous-Car Makers China Consumer Group Reports Problems With iPhones Walgreens Claims Theranos Voided 11.3% of Test Reports Tech Stocks Miss Out on Trump Bump Amazon Sues Sellers for Offering Fake Goods on Its Site Chrysler Says ‘eHybrid’ Should Lower ‘Range Anxiety’ General Electric to Buy Two Tech Startups Japan Watches Samsung Chip Away at Its Car Makers Tencent Earnings: What to Watch China’s JD.com Explores Spinoff of Finance Unit Chinese Startup Backed by Ant Financial Plans U.S. IPO Nintendo’s ‘Super Mario Run’ App Will Cost $10 Google’s PhotoScan App Can Help Digitize Old Prints Lyft Sees Cash in Dashboard Flash Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Tech Intel’s Earnings Rise, but Sales Outlook Disappoints Shares slide after lackluster revenue forecast for year’s final quarter By Don Clark Don Clark The Wall Street Journal CANCEL BiographyDon Clark @donal888 www.facebook.com/DonClark Don.Clark@wsj.com Updated Oct. 18, 2016 6:29 p.m. ET Intel Corp. reported an 8.7% rise in its third-quarter earnings, as a lengthy slide in the personal computer market reversed and cloud-computing companies stocked up on servers. The results came in ahead of Wall Street estimates and the increased revenue guidance that Intel issued last month. But the company’s estimate for revenue in the... To Read the Full Story, Subscribe or Sign In Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos Proposed Passenger Jet Could Reach Supersonic Speeds Violent Protests Break Out in Athens as Obama Visits Can IBM Change Fast Enough? Social Media Companies Tackle Fake News and Abuse Apple MacBook Pro Review: Living With Tradeoffs Most Popular Articles Donald Trump’s Transition Team Reshaped Yuan Slides to Lowest Level in Nearly Eight Years Opinion: A Clinton-Free Democratic Party House Democrats Pressure Pelosi Amid Party Turmoil Opinion: The ‘Excellent’ Electoral College Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
ETF News Best ETFs Top Rated ETFs Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Tools ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETFs Hold Your Stock Find ETFs By Leverage Find ETFs By Asset Class Free Newsletter Search Intel Shares Fall 4% as Q4 Revenue Forecast Underwhelms October 18, 2016 4:31pm NASDAQ:INTC ShareTweet Technology giant Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) posted better-than-expected third quarter earnings results after the bell today, but its tepid Q4 revenue outlook sent shares lower in late trading. In its latest quarterly report, the Santa Clara-based company disclosed Q3 EPS of $0.80, easily surpassing expectations for $0.72. Revenue rose 9.1% from last year to $15.78 billion, also beating analyst estimates of $15.61 billion. Intel also noted that its adjusted gross margin in Q3 was 64.8%, up from 63.5% last year. Looking ahead, INTC forecast Q4 revenues of $15.2 to $16.2 billion, which could miss Wall Street’s view of $15.88 billion. The company also sees Q4 gross margins of 63%, plus or minus 2%. From the press release: “It was an outstanding quarter, and we set a number of new records across the business,” said Brian Krzanich, Intel CEO. “In addition to strong financials, we delivered exciting new technologies while continuing to align our people and products to our strategy. We’re executing well, and these results show Intel’s continuing transformation to a company that powers the cloud and billions of smart, connected devices.” ETF investors will note that Intel is a huge component of the Market Vectors Semiconductor ETF, making up over 15% of the fund’s holdings. That means INTC has the potential to significantly affect the performance of SMH, should its share price move significantly in either direction. Intel shares fell $1.42 (-3.76%) to $36.33 in after-hours trading Tuesday. Prior to today’s report, INTC had gained 9.58% year-to-date, versus a 4.83% rise in the benchmark S&P 500 during the same period. Tags: Intel NASDAQ:INTC Semiconductor technology Categories: NASDAQ:INTC Read Next Intel Shares Jump 3% Following Raised Revenue Guidance These Three Big-Name Tech Stocks Now Yield Over 3% Lululemon Shares Fall 8% on Mixed Q2 Earnings, Tepid Q3 Forecast AT&T and Intel Team Up in Big Network Virtualization Deal Apple Shares Surge as Earnings, Revenue, and Forecast All Beat Estimates Recommended for You Get Free Updates Join over 50,000 investors who get the latest news from ETFDailyNews.com! Subscribe Most Popular The Biggest Post-Trump Winner So Far? DryShips Is Up 1600% Why Is Oil Bouncing By 3% Today? Technicals Suggest A Dow Pullback Could Be Brewing Our Exclusive Tools Best ETFs List Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETF Holds Your Stock Search ETFs By Leverage Search ETFs By Asset Class Sponsored Content From Our Partners Explore More from ETFDailyNews.com Free Daily Newsletter Get daily ETF insights from our market experts. Never miss another important market development again! Sign Me Up ETFDailyNews.com respects your privacy. Best ETFs We've rated and ranked nearly 2,000 ETFs and ETNs using our proprietary SMART Grade system. View Top Rated ETFs Best Categories We've ranked dozens of ETF categories based on relative performance. Best ETF Categories ©2016 ETF Daily News About Us | Authors | Contact Us | Terms of Use
12,590,575 members (64,159 online) Sign in Email Password   Forgot your password? Sign in using Search within: Articles Quick Answers Messages home articles Chapters and Sections> Search Latest Articles Latest Tips/Tricks Top Articles Beginner Articles Technical Blogs Posting/Update Guidelines Article Help Forum Article Competition Submit an article or tip Post your Blog quick answersQ&A Ask a Question about this article Ask a Question View Unanswered Questions View All Questions... Linux questions C# questions ASP.NET questions fabric questions SQL questions discussionsforums All Message Boards... Application Lifecycle> Running a Business Sales / Marketing Collaboration / Beta Testing Work Issues Design and Architecture ASP.NET JavaScript C / C++ / MFC> ATL / WTL / STL Managed C++/CLI C# Free Tools Objective-C and Swift Database Hardware & Devices> System Admin Hosting and Servers Java .NET Framework Android iOS Mobile SharePoint Silverlight / WPF Visual Basic Web Development Site Bugs / Suggestions Spam and Abuse Watch features Competitions News The Insider Newsletter The Daily Build Newsletter Newsletter archive Surveys Product Showcase Research Library CodeProject Stuff communitylounge Who's Who Most Valuable Professionals The Lounge   The Insider News The Weird & The Wonderful The Soapbox Press Releases Non-English Language > General Indian Topics General Chinese Topics help What is 'CodeProject'? General FAQ Ask a Question Bugs and Suggestions Article Help Forum Site Map Advertise with us About our Advertising Employment Opportunities About Us Articles » Third Party Products » Product Showcase » General   Article Alternatives Comments Add your own alternative version Tagged as CloudAzureIoT Stats 2.9K views 1 bookmarked Posted 18 Oct 2016 Connecting to Microsoft Azure with Node-RED Intel Corporation, 18 Oct 2016 CPOL This guide will walk you through adding the IoT Cloud repository to your Intel® IoT Gateway and adding support for Microsoft Azure so you can begin developing applications for this platform in your programming language of choice. Editorial Note This article is in the Product Showcase section for our sponsors at CodeProject. These articles are intended to provide you with information on products and services that we consider useful and of value to developers. Get access to the new Intel® IoT Developer Kit, a complete hardware and software solution that allows developers to create exciting new solutions with the Intel® Galileo and Intel® Edison boards. Visit the Intel® Developer Zone for IoT. This guide will walk you through adding the IoT Cloud repository to your Intel® IoT Gateway and adding support for Microsoft Azure so you can begin developing applications for this platform in your programming language of choice. Prerequisites Intel® IoT Gateway Technology running IDP 3.1 or above with internet access A development device (e.g. laptop) on the same network as the Intel® IoT Gateway Terminal access to the Intel® IoT Gateway from your development device Microsoft Azure account: https://portal.azure.com/ Please see the following documentation for setting up your Intel® IoT Gateway: https://software.intel.com/en-us/node/633284 Adding the IoT Cloud repository to your Intel® IoT Gateway Access the console on your gateway either using a monitor and keyboard connected directly or SSH (recommended). Add the GPG key for the cloud repository using the following command: rpm --import http://iotdk.intel.com/misc/iot_pub.key On your development device (e.g. laptop) open a web browser and load the IoT Gateway Developer Hub interface by entering the IP address of your gateway in the address bar. Tip: You can find your gateway’s IP address using the ‘ifconfig’ command. Login to the IoT Gateway Developer Hub interface using your credentials. The default login and password are both root. Add the IoT Cloud repository Go to the Packages section and click the Add Repo + button. Populate the fields with the following information and click ‘Add Repository’: Name: IoT_Cloud URL: http://iotdk.intel.com/repos/iot-cloud/wrlinux7/rcpl13 Finally, click Update Repositories to update the package list. Adding Microsoft Azure support to your Intel® IoT Gateway Click Add Packages + to bring up the list of packages you can install. Search for cloud-azure using the search box at the top of the package window. Click the Install button next to the packagegroup-cloud-azure entry. Setting up an Azure IoT Hub In a browser, navigate to the Azure Portal at https://portal.azure.com and login to your Azure account. To create a new IoT Hub, click New in the top left of the Azure Portal. Choose Internet of Things > IoT Hub. Give your new IoT Hub a unique Name and select your Pricing and scale tier. In the Resource Group section, select Create New and type a unique name in the text field provided. From the Location drop-down list, select the location nearest to you. Click Create. It will take some time to deploy your new Resource Group and IoT Hub. Once the process is complete, a “Deployments succeeded” message displays. Once your new Resource Group has been created, navigate into it by selecting the Resource groups option in the left-hand panel and selecting the Resource Group you just created from the Resource Groups list. Select the IoT Hub you just created from the list and then click the Keys icon. Select iothubowner from the policy list and then click the Copy button next to the Connection string-primary key to copy your IoT Hub connection string to the clipboard. Create a new Azure IoT Device Tip: We recommended you use SSH to connect to your gateway or access the command line through the Intel Developer Hub interface to make copying connection strings easier. If you are accessing the command line of your gateway directly using a keyboard and mouse, you’ll need to manually enter the connection string in the next section! Enter the following in your gateway’s console to add it to your IoT Hub: iothub-explorer "[YOUR CONNECTION STRING]" create IntelIoTGateway --connection-string If adding the device is successful, you will get output similar to the above image. The device connection string identifies the device by name and includes a key that is only for that device. Copy the device connection string so you can use it in the next section. Connecting to Microsoft Azure with Node-RED After installing the Azure cloud package, you need to restart the Node-RED service so it can pick up the newly installed nodes. Run the following command from the gateway’s console: systemctl restart node-red-experience Load the Node-RED interface. Go to the Administration section of the IoT Gateway Developer Hub and click Launch under the Node-RED icon. Configure a Node-RED flow. Drag an inject, function and azureiothub node from the nodes panel on the left into the current flow (you may need to scroll down in the nodes panel to find these nodes). Arrange and connect the nodes as in the screenshot above. Here we have an inject node which will send a trigger at a specified interval to a function which will randomly generate a number to send to your Azure IoT Hub. First we need to configure the nodes. Double-click on the timestamp node to bring up the configuration dialogue. Change the settings so they match the screenshot above and click Ok when done. This will set the node to send a trigger every 5 seconds. Double-click on the function node to bring up the configuration dialog. Here we are going to add some simple code to generate a random number, which we can then send to our Azure IoT Hub. Note: Although this example uses a random number, you could just as easily modify the code to use a sensor reading instead. In the Function pane, enter the following code as in the screenshot above: msg.payload = Math.round(Math.random() * 100); Click Ok when done to close the configuration dialog. Double-click the Azure IoT Hub node to bring up the configuration dialogue. Paste the device connection string you copied earlier into the Connection String field and click Ok. Make sure you enter the device connection string and not the one for your IoT Hub! Now your flow is configured, hit the Deploy button in the top right of the screen to deploy the flow. If everything is working correctly, the status of the Azure IoT Hub node should change to “Connected”, then “Sent message”, as in the screenshot above. A message will be sent to your Azure IoT Hub every 5 seconds while the flow is running. If you navigate back to the Azure Portal and load your IoT Hub instance, you will see the message count in the Usage tile increasing over time. Monitoring device events (Optional) You can monitor devices in your IoT Hub using the b utility from the command line. There is also a Windows utility called Device Explorer if you prefer a visual application: https://github.com/Azure/azure-iot-sdks/blob/master/tools/DeviceExplorer/doc/how_to_use_device_explorer.md To monitor device events in the command line on your gateway, run the following: iothub-explorer "[YOUR IOT HUB CONNECTION STRING]" monitor-events [YOUR DEVICE NAME] If the Node-RED flow is deployed and running, you should see the random numbers being sent to Azure in the console output, similar to the screenshot below. License This article, along with any associated source code and files, is licensed under The Code Project Open License (CPOL) Share email twitter facebook linkedin reddit google+ About the Author Intel Corporation United States No Biography provided Group type: Organisation 3 members You may also be interested in... Pro How 5 Companies Maintain Optimal .NET Performance Pro The Hybrid Cloud Azure FAQ Part 1 Bringing Up Arduino 101 (branded Genuino 101 outside the U.S.) on Ubuntu under VMware Developing with Node-RED Mobile Messaging with Twilio Comments and Discussions     -- There are no messages in this forum -- Go to top Permalink | Advertise | Privacy | Terms of Use | Mobile Web02 | 2.8.161110.1 | Last Updated 18 Oct 2016 Article Copyright 2016 by Intel Corporation Everything else Copyright © CodeProject, 1999-2016 Layout: fixed | fluid
12,590,575 members (64,159 online) Sign in Email Password   Forgot your password? Sign in using Search within: Articles Quick Answers Messages home articles Chapters and Sections> Search Latest Articles Latest Tips/Tricks Top Articles Beginner Articles Technical Blogs Posting/Update Guidelines Article Help Forum Article Competition Submit an article or tip Post your Blog quick answersQ&A Ask a Question about this article Ask a Question View Unanswered Questions View All Questions... Linux questions C# questions ASP.NET questions fabric questions SQL questions discussionsforums All Message Boards... Application Lifecycle> Running a Business Sales / Marketing Collaboration / Beta Testing Work Issues Design and Architecture ASP.NET JavaScript C / C++ / MFC> ATL / WTL / STL Managed C++/CLI C# Free Tools Objective-C and Swift Database Hardware & Devices> System Admin Hosting and Servers Java .NET Framework Android iOS Mobile SharePoint Silverlight / WPF Visual Basic Web Development Site Bugs / Suggestions Spam and Abuse Watch features Competitions News The Insider Newsletter The Daily Build Newsletter Newsletter archive Surveys Product Showcase Research Library CodeProject Stuff communitylounge Who's Who Most Valuable Professionals The Lounge   The Insider News The Weird & The Wonderful The Soapbox Press Releases Non-English Language > General Indian Topics General Chinese Topics help What is 'CodeProject'? General FAQ Ask a Question Bugs and Suggestions Article Help Forum Site Map Advertise with us About our Advertising Employment Opportunities About Us Articles » Third Party Products » Product Showcase » General   Article Alternatives Comments (1) Add your own alternative version Tagged as ArduinoIoTvmware Stats 4.6K views Posted 18 Oct 2016 Bringing Up Arduino 101 (branded Genuino 101 outside the U.S.) on Ubuntu under VMware Intel Corporation, 18 Oct 2016 CPOL This guide demonstrates how to run the Arduino 101 platform on Ubuntu using a VMware Workstation. Editorial Note This article is in the Product Showcase section for our sponsors at CodeProject. These articles are intended to provide you with information on products and services that we consider useful and of value to developers. Get access to the new Intel® IoT Developer Kit, a complete hardware and software solution that allows developers to create exciting new solutions with the Intel® Galileo and Intel® Edison boards. Visit the Intel® Developer Zone for IoT. Introduction The Arduino 101* (branded Genuino 101* outside the U.S.) is a learning and development platform that uses a low-power Intel® Curie™ module powered by the Intel® Quark™ SE microcontroller. The Intel® Quark™ SE microcontroller contains a single core 32 MHz x86 (Intel® Quark™ processor core) and the 32 MHz Argonaut RISC Core (ARC)* EM processor. The Arduino 101* platform runs on Windows, Macintosh OSX, and Linux operating systems. This guide demonstrates how to run the Arduino 101* platform on Ubuntu using a VMware* Workstation. The VMware* Workstation is a virtual machine that allows you to run applications from other OSes in Linux from the desktop. Hardware components The hardware components used in this project are listed below: Arduino 101* module A standard A plug to B plug USB cable Setting up VMware* workstation on Ubuntu* Go to the VMware website to download and install the latest VMware workstation player for Windows. Then go to the Ubuntu* website and download the latest version of Ubuntu Desktop. Open VMware and create a new virtual machine using the downloaded Ubuntu image. Development board download Visit https://www.arduino.cc/en/Main/Software to download the Arduino Software IDE version 1.6.7 or later for Linux. As of this writing, the latest Linux Arduino IDE version supported by Arduino 101 is arduino-1.6.11-linux64.tar.xz. Copy arduino-1.6.11-linux64.tar.xz to the Ubuntu folder in the VMWare environment. Set up the environment for Arduino 101* Untar arduino-1.6.11-linux64.tar.xz and install the Arduino IDE software. sudo apt-get update
tar -xvf arduino-1.6.9-linux64.tar.xz
sudo mv arduino-1.6.9 /opt
cd /opt/arduino-1.6.9
~/install.sh Bring up Arduino on Ubuntu* Connect the Arduino 101 platform to the virtual machine that is running the VMWare workstation. cd /opt/arduino-1.6.11
sudo ./arduino Figure 1: Bringing up the Arduino IDE* on the Ubuntu* command line Choose Tools > Board > Boards Manager to launch the board manager to install the Intel® Curie board. Figure 2: Launching the Boards Manager Figure 3: Installing Intel® Curie boards Choose Tools > Port and select the Arduino 101 port. Figure 4: Selecting the Arduino 101* port Choose Tools > Board and select the Arduino 101 board. Figure 5: Selecting the Arduino 101* board Choose File > Examples > Basics > Blink and open the blink sketch. Figure 6: Uploading the Blink sketch The LED on the Arduino 101 platform should now blink. Figure 7: Arduino 101* with LED Blinking Arduino 101* Libraries The Arduino 101* Libraries are a collection of code that provide extra functionality for sketches. They make it easy to connect to Bluetooth LE, sensors, and timers. To experiment with the built-in Arduino 101 libraries, visit https://www.arduino.cc/en/Guide/Libraries. The Arduino 101 libraries are based on the open source corelibs. If you are interested in experimenting the corelibs, visit 01.org’s GitHub*, but these are not required to use the Arduino 101 libraries. Summary We have described how to launch the Arduino 101 platform on Ubuntu in VMware. Experiment with the Arduino 101 libraries, Grov*e - Starter Kit Plus, more sensors and shields to enjoy the power of the Intel Curie module. Helpful References Intel® Developer Zone: https://software.intel.com/en-us/iot/home Arduino forum: http://forum.arduino.cc Intel® Curie module: https://software.intel.com/en-us/iot/hardware/curie http://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/wearables/wearable-soc.html http://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/wearables/intel-curie-fact-sheet.html Arduino 101* hardware: https://www.arduino.cc/en/Main/ArduinoBoard101 https://www.arduino.cc/en/Guide/Arduino101 Grove* Starter Kit Plus: https://software.intel.com/en-us/iot/hardware/devkit Order Arduino 101* platform: http://www.intel.com/buy/us/en/product/emergingtechnologies/intel-arduino-101-497161 About the author Nancy Le is a software engineer at Intel Corporation in the Software and Services Group working on Intel® Atom™ processor scale-enabling projects. License This article, along with any associated source code and files, is licensed under The Code Project Open License (CPOL) Share email twitter facebook linkedin reddit google+ About the Author Intel Corporation United States No Biography provided Group type: Organisation 3 members You may also be interested in... Fun with the Arduino 101 - Genuino 101 Mobile Messaging with Twilio TypeScript - 101 : The Basics SAPrefs - Netscape-like Preferences Dialog Visual COBOL New Release: Small point. Big deal Generate and add keyword variations using AdWords API Comments and Discussions   First Prev Next Nice soumianegafa4-Nov-16 15:36 soumianegafa 4-Nov-16 15:36  Good ! Last Visit: 31-Dec-99 19:00     Last Update: 15-Nov-16 15:55 Refresh 1 General    News    Suggestion    Question    Bug    Answer    Joke    Praise    Rant    Admin    Use Ctrl+Left/Right to switch messages, Ctrl+Up/Down to switch threads, Ctrl+Shift+Left/Right to switch pages. Go to top Permalink | Advertise | Privacy | Terms of Use | Mobile Web02 | 2.8.161110.1 | Last Updated 18 Oct 2016 Article Copyright 2016 by Intel Corporation Everything else Copyright © CodeProject, 1999-2016 Layout: fixed | fluid
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Intel's results beat estimates; forecast disappoints By Reuters Published: 18:44 EST, 18 October 2016 | Updated: 18:44 EST, 18 October 2016 e-mail By Rishika Sadam and Nayyar Rasheed Oct 18 (Reuters) - Intel Corp reported better-than-expected quarterly earnings and revenue, boosted by improving PC demand and growth in its data center and cloud businesses, but its revenue forecast for the current quarter disappointed Wall Street. The world's largest chipmaker's shares were down 5.3 percent at $35.75 in after-hours trading on Tuesday. Intel said it expects fourth-quarter revenue of $15.7 billion, plus or minus $500 million. Analysts on average were expecting $15.86 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. "This is below the average seasonal increase for the fourth quarter as we expect the worldwide PC supply chain to reduce their inventory," Executive Vice President Stacy Smith said on a conference call with analysts. Last month, Intel raised its third-quarter revenue forecast for the first time in more than two years, citing improving PC demand. The company's decision to raise third-quarter forecast moved investors' expectations to a higher level, Stifel Nicolaus analyst Kevin Cassidy said. Revenue from the data center business, which offers storage and cloud-based software services, rose 9.7 percent to $4.54 billion in the third quarter, from a year earlier. Revenue growth from this unit for the full year will likely be in the high single digits, Intel Chief Executive Brian Krzanich said on the call. Demand for cloud-based services has been growing as more businesses shift to cloud-computing methods. Intel, which has been hurt due to weak PC demand, said last month it was seeing signs of improvement among PC parts suppliers. According to research firm IDC, global PC shipments fell by a smaller-than-expected 3.9 percent in the third quarter. (http://bit.ly/2dIkLfi) Revenue from the company's traditional PC business, which still accounts for over half of Intel's total revenue, rose 4.5 percent to $8.89 billion. Excluding items, the company earned 80 cents per share, above analysts' average estimate of 73 cents. The company's net revenue rose 9.1 percent to $15.78 billion, beating the average analyst estimate of $15.58 billion. Net income rose to $3.38 billion, or 69 cents per shares, in the third quarter ended Oct. 1, from $3.11 billion, or 64 cents per share, a year earlier. (http://bit.ly/2eeVLzW) Up to Tuesday's close, Intel's shares had risen 9.6 percent this year, lagging the 22.8 percent gain in the broader Philadelphia semiconductor index. (Reporting by Rishika Sadam and Nayyar Rasheed in Bengaluru. Additional reporting by Narottam Medhora; Editing by Maju Samuel) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Sicktoria Sponge or Bum-offee Pie? Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman face the I'm A Celebrity Big Bush Bake Off in latest Bushtucker Trial 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED 'You need to be there in one hour!' Justin Bieber 'invites six girls to his hotel suite' after placing social media request for female company in Prague 'There's certainly no love lost between them': Laura Whitmore and Giovanni Pernice 'embroiled in backstage feud' before tearful elimination from Strictly Come Dancing My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene Fifi Geldof flogs her used make-up online for £2: PR assistant uses website to sell more than 100 items including lipsticks and eyeliners Flogging accessories online via Depop Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 'Neither is willing to betray anything intimate': Michael Fassbender and girlfriend Alicia Vikander have agreement not to discuss relationship Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Model hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during getaway 'Turn haters into motivators!': Khloe Kardashian whips fans into shape in trailer for new TV series Revenge Body Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Spencer Matthews and retired rugby aces Gareth Thomas and Jason Robinson are the first contestants named for the next series of Channel 4's The Jump Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Wayne Rooney 'was so drunk he couldn't string a sentence together as he partied until FIVE in the morning' after gatecrashing wedding at fancy hotel  'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  'I think we'd be great together!' Billy Bob Thornton wants to work with ex-wife Angelina Jolie's estranged husband Brad Pitt  Told Playboy he even has a role in mind  Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in magical gown at Fantastic Beasts premiere... but is her dress silver or gold? Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Peace out! Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Hillary Clinton and dealing with a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Tony Bennett, 90, reveals he met his third wife Susan, 50, when her pregnant mother came to one of his gigs  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Move over Miley! Little sister Noah Cyrus unveils her first single Make Me (Cry) Her turn to make her mark on music industry Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Flashed lacy black strap Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team Disrupt LondonCo-founder Of DeepMind, Mustafa Suleyman, To Speak At Disrupt London Save £250 On Tickets Now Intel Intel announces $250 million for autonomous driving tech How drones will reshape the enterprise Inside Intel’s race to build a new reality Browse more... Intel raises restructuring charge to $2.3B as it faces more challenges ahead Posted Oct 18, 2016 by Ingrid Lunden (@ingridlunden) 0 SHARES Next Story Yahoo’s business tale comes to a totally anticlimactic end Intel today reported its Q3 earnings, and while the company beat estimates on both revenues and earnings, it also said that it would be raising its restructuring charges to an eye-watering $2.3 billion, as it continues to shift its business away from PC processors and into chips for the next generation of computing in devices like drones and self-driving cars. It also provided a forecast for the next quarter that it said was lower than average for the company. The semiconductor giant reported revenues of $15.8 billion on non-GAAP earnings per share of 80 cents. Both numbers exceeded analysts’ average estimates of $15.58 billion in sales and EPS of 72 cents. “It was an outstanding quarter, and we set a number of new records across the business,” said Brian Krzanich, Intel CEO, in a statement. “In addition to strong financials, we delivered exciting new technologies while continuing to align our people and products to our strategy. We’re executing well, and these results show Intel’s continuing transformation to a company that powers the cloud and billions of smart, connected devices.” That may be the case, but Intel also noted that restructuring would be higher than it had originally projected last quarter. “Total Restructuring and Other charges”, Intel said, are now expected to be $2.3 billion, with the “majority of the remaining charges to be realized between now and the middle of 2017.” Some $1.8 billion has been cut to-date with another $250 million going in Q4. And the pressure will continue to pile on Intel as the year wears on. A letter from CFO Stacey Smith notes that the forecast for Q4 is for revenues of $15.7 billion, “flat to the third quarter” and “lower than the average seasonal increase for the fourth quarter.” Among Intel’s existing divisions, in September it announced that it would be spinning out its McAfee security group in a partnership with TPG. And although the company is building new lines of business, the bulk is still coming from its older and traditional lines: • Client Computing Group revenue of $8.9 billion, up 21 percent sequentially and up 5 percent year-over-year • Data Center Group posted revenue of $4.5 billion, up 13 percent sequentially and up 10 percent year-over-year Meanwhile, newer areas are significantly smaller. For example, the Internet of Things Group posted revenue of $689 million, up 20 percent sequentially and up 19 percent year-over-year. Featured Image: Sean Gallup / Staff/Getty Images 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Intel Founded 1968 Overview Intel designs, manufactures, and sells integrated digital technology platforms worldwide. The company operates through PC client, data center, Internet of Things, mobile and communications groups; software and services; and all other segments. Its platforms are used in various computing applications comprising notebooks, desktops, servers, tablets, smartphones, wireless and wired connectivity products, … Location Santa Clara, CA Categories Semiconductor, Hardware, Software, Manufacturing Website http://www.intel.com/ Full profile for Intel Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe Latest Crunch Report Facebook's Fake News Problem | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes Intel Popular Posts Featured Stories June Intelligent Oven Review VIDEO | 4:50 | Reviews This is why Snapchat didn’t give Spectacles to techies 6 hours ago | Josh Constine Chinese scientists CRISPR a human for the first time 8 hours ago | Sarah Buhr Snapchat has reportedly filed confidentially for its massive IPO 9 hours ago | Matthew Lynley DJI’s Inspire 2 gets a second camera for first-person video feeds 11 hours ago | Brian Heater Latest From TechCrunch Former Twitter India head joins Times Internet to lead its global partnerships business 7 minutes ago | Jon Russell “Anti-smartphone” Light Phone runs into delays 2 hours ago | Haje Jan Kamps Crunch Report | Facebook’s Fake News Problem 2 hours ago | Khaled "Tito" Hamze Logz.io raises $16 million so folks can better understand and monitor their networks 4 hours ago | Jonathan Shieber Comment moderation powered by Up Next Yahoo’s business tale comes to a totally anticlimactic end Posted Oct 18, 2016 CrunchBoard Job Listings Director, Software Security @ Practice Fusion at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Developer at CastleBranch (Wilmington, NC, United States) Infrastructure Engineer Tango at The Sourcery (Mountain View, CA, United States) Senior Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2016 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular This is why Snapchat didn’t give Spectacles to techies 6 hours ago by Josh Constine Snapchat has reportedly filed confidentially for its massive IPO 9 hours ago by Matthew Lynley Chinese scientists CRISPR a human for the first time 8 hours ago by Sarah Buhr Happy 20th birthday, ICQ! 7 hours ago by Devin Coldewey WhatsApp launches video calling for everyone yesterday by Josh Constine, Sarah Perez “Anti-smartphone” Light Phone runs into delays 2 hours ago by Haje Jan Kamps Google’s AI Experiments help you understand neural networks by playing with them 9 hours ago by Devin Coldewey Budget US Android smartphones found secretly sending personal data to China 11 hours ago by Natasha Lomas India’s tech bubble is about to burst yesterday by Contributor Microsoft teams up with Elon Musk’s OpenAI project 16 hours ago by Frederic Lardinois
null
null
null
Toggle navigation Products All Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution Disclosure and Regulatory Filing IR/PR Newsroom Hosting (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Solutions All Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom Contact Us Sign In to Services Blog About Us About Marketwired Media Partners Marketwired News Community Builders Full site Salles des nouvelles Plus sur nous Produits Solutions Ressources Contactez Nous Se connecter Version complète du site ROHM's New BD2670MWV Power Management IC News Room SOURCE: ROHM Semiconductor October 18, 2016 11:00 ET ROHM's New Power Management IC Optimized for Intel's Next-Generation Apollo Lake Chip Architecture Contributes to Smaller, Thinner, Lower Power Designs for Cloudbooks and 2-in-1 Tablets KYOTO, JAPAN and SANTA CLARA, CA--(Marketwired - October 18, 2016) - ROHM has recently announced the availability of a power management IC (PMIC) developed for the latest announced Intel® processor (code named Apollo Lake) designed for 2-in-1 tablets and cloud books where reduced power consumption and a thinner, smaller form factor are increasingly demanded. The BD2670MWV provides all power supplies required by Apollo Lake platforms while contributing to lower power consumption. It is offered in an ultra-compact UQFN68AV8080 package (8.0x8.0mm, t=1.0mm) that reduces the number of components by 38% and mounting area by 33% over conventional discrete configurations. In addition, a Power Control Logic function is built in that makes it possible to control and analyze the internal PMIC conditions and access the register through an I2C interface, contributing to safer designs. To date, ROHM has supplied a wide variety of PMICs for a range of applications utilizing industry-leading analog design technology. In addition, ROHM has established 11 design centers all over the world to provide superior customer support, and going forward ROHM will continue to leverage proprietary technologies and expertise to develop high-performance products and solutions that contribute to greater energy savings and safety. "We have established a joint development system to provide PMIC solutions designed for a variety of applications, from car infotainment to notebook PCs and tablets. This latest PMIC features a power supply configuration optimized for the next-generation Intel processor architecture for use in cloudbooks and 2-in-1 tablets. And the compact package is expected to contribute to even smaller, thinner form factors," said Hisaki Ishida, General Manager of the Reference Marketing Strategy at ROHM. Key Features 1. All power supplies required by Intel's Apollo Lake architecture integrated into an ultra-compact monolithic form factor In addition to market-leading analog design technology, ROHM leverages expertise in supplying PMICs optimized for previous Intel® processors to develop an ultra-compact monolithic PMIC that incorporates all power supplies required for Intel's latest architecture platform, Apollo Lake. In addition, the highly integrated design requires 38% fewer components than conventional discrete solutions, decreasing mounting area by 33%. A power supply sequencer optimized for the Apollo Lake platform is also built in that reduces design load considerably. 2. Built-in Power Control Logic function enables analysis and control of the internal PMIC In order to prevent CPU malfunction a logic circuit is required to detect abnormalities and store information in the register when the voltage output from the PMIC becomes irregular. ROHM's newest ultra-compact (8mmx8mm) PMIC includes a Power Control Logic circuit that monitors and controls internal PMIC operation and can access the register via I2C interface, ensuring stable voltage supply. *Intel is a registered trademark of Intel Corporation in the US and other countries. **Product names and logos of other companies are generally the trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective companies. About ROHM Semiconductor ROHM Semiconductor is an industry leader in system LSI, discrete components and module products, utilizing the latest in semiconductor technology. ROHM's proprietary production system, which includes some of the most advanced automation technology, is a major factor in keeping it at the forefront of the electronic component manufacturing industry. In addition to its development of electronic components, ROHM has also developed its own production system so that it can focus on specific aspects of customized product development. ROHM employs highly skilled engineers with expertise in all aspects of design, development and production. This allows ROHM the flexibility to take on a wide range of applications and projects and the capability to serve valuable clients in the automotive, telecommunication and computer sectors, as well as consumer OEMs. Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2016/9/23/11G115501/Images/mw1atcima8ifgu1ck45vinbg1diq2-722d7879816caf7bbcc62ec67dca7484.jpg Contact Information Jayme Pontious jpontious@rohmsemiconductor.com   View Desktop Version Pour voir la version complète

HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Pro Analysis Start Over| ‹ Chanos says Valeant was biggest loser ever for hedge funds Buffett’s love for moats trumps fear of flying Strategist Paulsen: Here's what to own during surging yields Top analyst: Sell FedEx 10 most important stories Top analyst: Buy Flir Systems Facebook faces fake news Trump rally into year end: DB Buy cyclical stocks: Goldman Citi: Buy retail on Trump Buy Lockheed on Trump 10 most important stories Buy Citigroup: Morgan Stanley Investment setup week ahead Goldman's tax reform plays Buy gold on Trump, HSBC says Insurers to benefit from Trump: Credit Suisse Street's top Trump trades Silicon Valley's Trump problem Goldman's Trump reflation play Go long a 'Toned down' Trump Bank of America: Buy IBM JPMorgan: S&P to gain on Trump 10 most important stories Sectors for Republican sweeps Wall Street's top Trump trades Market getting ahead of Trump Tom Lee sees year-end rally Goldman on Trump: Buy banks Market plunge coming: BofAML 10 most important stories Buy health care stocks: DB Disney ratings concerns McDonald: Sell Clinton rally Meeks: Trump rally to fade Deutsche downgrades Bank of America RBC's playbook for the election 10 most important stories Sell Best Buy, Evercore ISI says Buy utilities: Deutsche Bank Sell consumer stocks: Firm Buy Scotts on marijuana votes Goldman's inflation strategy Investment setup week ahead Sell Whole Foods: BofA HSBC downgrades Teva Stocks for a Republican sweep 10 most important stories JPMorgan: Buy Newmont Facebook has peaked: Analyst Buy Facebook dip: Evercore Credit Suisse: Buy banks Chart experts' worry about S&P 10 most important stories Time Warner's hurdles Trump hedge ideas Credit Suisse: Buy Square Buy Nvidia, Citi says Put-call ratio rising on Trump Buy FedEx, Deutsche Bank says 10 most important stories Goldman's innovators strategy What works during VIX spike Gun sales looking up: Analyst Trump upset chances increase JPMorgan: Buy iPhone supplier Buy Yum China: Morgan Stanley Chevron to rally 24%: Analyst China iPhone 7 demand weak 10 most important stories 5 ETFs ready to rip or dip Breakingviews on GE deal Strategist: Buy stocks M&A boom not good for returns Goldman's earnings strategy JPMorgan likes airline stocks Home Depot downgraded Nike cut to sell Goldman downgrades Exxon Mobil 10 most important stories U.S casts vote for free trade Deutsche: Twitter has bottomed 5 earnings trades Rising wages impacting stocks Stifel: Buy Lions Gate EA downgraded by Cowen 10 most important stories Top chip analyst on Qualcomm Sell Tesla, JPMorgan says Analyst: 'Chase' F5 Newtorks Buy VMware, Citi says 10 most important stories Navellier buys a biotech dip Lebenthal buys Time Warner Avoid GM on 'peak auto' Avoid AT&T on deal delay Buy Time Warner: Barclays Mizuho: Buy Mylan Stifel downgrades Apple Yardeni says banks are cheap › Pro Analysis Intel upgraded by Barclays right before earnings due out Tuesday after the bell Tae Kim | @firstadopter Tuesday, 18 Oct 2016 | 10:26 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES Getty Images Investors should buy Intel shares because of improving sales and cheap valuation, according to Barclays, which raised its rating on the chipmaker to overweight from equal weight. "Intel is poised to return to sustainable growth on the back of ... better PC trends," analyst Blayne Curtis wrote in a note to clients Tuesday. "We believe Intel can transition from a no-growth story to one of accelerating growth and in turn will garner a better valuation for such a dominant franchise." Intel is scheduled to announce third-quarter financial results after the market close Tuesday. Curtis' picks have a 10 percent one-year average return with a 64 percent success rate, according to analyst ranking service TipRanks, placing him in the top 8 percent of all Wall Street analysts covering any industry. Tae KimInvesting Journalist Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change INTC --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Pro Analysis Chanos says Valeant was biggest loser ever for hedge funds, topping Enron; Cost industry $40 billion Breakingviews: Warren Buffett’s love for moats trumps fear of flying Strategist Jim Paulsen: Here's what to own when yields are surging Sell FedEx on the Trump economic 'euphoria' and wait for a better entry point, top analyst says Here are the 10 most important stories for investors Tuesday morning
null
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Drivers Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > Drivers > Blog FLASH SALE: Driver Booster 4      40% OFF! Intel Rolls Out PROSet/Wireless Driver Version 19.20.0 - Download Now The files are compatible with Windows 7, 8.1, and 10 OSes Oct 18, 2016 12:48 GMT  ·  By Iulian Pascal  ·  Share:  Intel has announced the availability of the 19.20.0 PROSet/Wireless version targeted at most of its network adapters, which includes drivers-only and drivers-with Intel WiFi software, as well as installation packages desired by IT administrators. Specifically speaking, the present update is compatible with the producer’s Wireless-N 7260 and 7265 adapters, Dual Band Wireless-N and Wireless-AC 7260/7265 controllers, as well as with the Tri-Band Wireless-AC 17265 and 18260 network devices. In addition to that, version 19.20.0 can also be applied to configurations including one of Intel’s Dual Band Wireless-AC 3160, 3165, 3168, 8260, and 8265 components. Last but not least, the producer’s Centrino Wireless-N 105, 135, and 2230 single band adapters, Centrino Ultimate-N 6300 dual band devices, and Advanced-N 6205 (for Desktop) and 6235 dual band models are also compatible with this release. When it comes to compatibility, the 19.20.0 drivers can be applied to system configurations powered by one of Microsoft’s Windows 7, 8.1, and 10 platforms, either 32- or 64-bit variants. Bear in mind that Windows 8-compatible files aren’t available. As for installation, simply save the appropriate package for your computer, unzip it if necessary, run the available executable, and follow all instructions displayed on the screen. Also, don’t forget to perform a reboot upon completion. That said, download Intel PROSet/Wireless Driver 19.20.0, apply it, and constantly check our website to be aware when a newer version is available for your computer. #PROSet/Wireless#PROSet 19.20.0#Intel#Wireless-AC#Centrino reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Download Drivers for Acer’s TravelMate P255 Notebook Series Intel Rolls Out 19.0.1607 and 19.10.1635 Bluetooth Drivers - Download Now New Custom Firmware Available from AsusWrt-Merlin - Get Version 380.62.1 NETGEAR Rolls Out Firmware 1.0.0.42 for Its D7000 Router - Download Now Firefox 50.0 Officially Released for Linux, Mac and Windows, Here's What's New Some U.S. Android Phones Have Secret Backdoor That Sends Data to China Apple Insider Says iPhone 6 Plus Has a Major Bug, Company Should Start Recall Hackers Steal FIFA Currency, Buy Houses and Expensive Cars with the Money NVIDIA Makes Available GeForce Graphics Driver 375.86 - Get It Now Panasonic Rolls Out Firmware 2.6 for its DMC-GH4 Camera - Download Now ASRock Rolls Out New BIOS Update for Some of Its Motherboards Nikon Updates Firmware for Its COOLPIX A300 Camera - Get Version 1.2    Intel PROSet/Wireless drivers reach a new version New Apps GdPicture.NET Document Imaging SDK: Full-Featured and Royalty Free Document Imaging toolkit for .NET allows you to implement viewing, processing, printing or scanning files SmartFTP FTP Library: Integrate FTP and SFTP file transfer capabilities into your software with the help of this advanced FTP library ActiveX component (COM) Norton AntiVirus Virus Definitions: Signature packanges containing the latest free virus databases for various Symantec antivirus software for both home and business use Curse: Connect, chat, share files and send messages to friends from the games you are playing fast and easy with this intuitive application Kaspersky Virus Removal Tool: Detects viruses and other infections that may have reached one's computer with the aid of different scan modes provided by Kaspersky MediaGet: Search and download torrents from the Internet, being able to use the integrated media player to watch movies without even saving them to your PC first App Builder: Visually design HTML5 apps in a variety of sizes, without prior knowledge of programming techniques, thanks to this straightforward tool Reader comments Load old comments   Intel Makes Available Iris and HD Graphics 21.20.16.4542 - Download Now more on: HD Graphics i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2016 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy feedback      
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Barclays' Pair Trade In Semis: Upgrade Intel, Downgrade Cypress Monica Gerson , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} October 18, 2016 8:11am   Comments Share: Related INTC 3 Stocks To Own Under President Trump Big Tech Is Leading The Stock Market Higher Today China's Semiconductor Investments Are Under Scrutiny - What It Means To Applied Materials (Seeking Alpha) Related CY Benzinga's Top Downgrades Chowdhry: Twilio And Nutanix Are Marching In The 'Junk IPO Parade' Most U.S. semiconductor companies are likely to report strong Q3 results, Barclays' Blayne Curtis said in a report. He mentioned that data from the PC OEM/IDM channel had continued to reflect growth through September, while expressing concern over the handset and auto supply chains. Intel Blayne upgraded the rating on Intel Corporation (NASDAQ: INTC) from Equal-weight to Overweight, while raising the price target from $38 to $45. Although Intel is benefiting from the improving PC market, the share of this business is gradually declining and the non-PC businesses are contributing a majority of the company’s overall revenue. “We believe Intel can transition from a no-growth story to one of accelerating growth and in turn will garner a better valuation for such a dominant franchise. Data Center Group (DCG – Servers) is now roughly 1/3 of total revenue and with the PC market normalizing to low single-digit declines, the total company would grow at 5%+ (from ~4% organically this year),” Blayne wrote. The analyst expects Intel to report its Q3 revenue in-line to slightly better than its updated guidance of $15.6 billion, which the company had raised from $14.9 billion. With the PC supply chain trends continuing to track better, Intel would likely announce its Q4 revenue guidance marginally higher than the current consensus projection of $15.8 billion. Cypress Blayne downgraded the rating on Cypress Semiconductor Corporation (NASDAQ: CY) from Overweight to Equal-weight, while maintaining the price target at $11. “We continue to like CY’s long term potential, ~4% div yield, and increasing focus on the Automotive and Industrial end markets, but at this point it is clear the story is taking longer to play out than originally hoped (particularly on the GM front),” the analyst commented. M&A speculations have driven Cypress’ shares higher, but the company’s underlying fundamentals have not improved significantly. Blayne awaits signs of a marked upturn in revenue growth or GM expansion to turn more positive on the stock. The analyst expects Cypress to report its Q3 revenue in-line with the consensus of $526 million and announce its Q4 revenue guidance roughly in-line with the current consensus estimate of $516 million. Do you have ideas for articles/interviews you'd like to see more of on Benzinga? Please email feedback@benzinga.com with your best article ideas. One person will be randomly selected to win a $20 Amazon gift card! Latest Ratings for INTC Date Firm Action From To Oct 2016 Charter Equity Upgrades Market Perform Buy Oct 2016 Deutsche Bank Maintains Buy Oct 2016 Nomura Maintains Buy View More Analyst Ratings for INTC View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: Analyst Color Long Ideas Short Ideas Upgrades Downgrades Price Target Top Stories Analyst Ratings Best of Benzinga © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (INTC + CY) 3 Stocks To Own Under President Trump Big Tech Is Leading The Stock Market Higher Today Wall Street's M&A Chatter From Thursday, November 3 Benzinga's M&A Chatter for Tuesday November 1, 2016 Apple's New MacBook Specs Take On Top Competitors Tech Earnings Reflect Conscious Attempts At Circumventing Headwinds View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Benzinga Sign up for email alerts on INTC Trending Recent 1 CXRX, GALE: 18 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 JNUG, NUGT: Where Is Gold Headed When Interest Rates Start Rising? 3 FDN, XLK: From A(mazon) To Z(ynga): Loop Capital Breaks Down T... 4 NVDA: Nvidia's Big Win: Post-Earnings Sell-Side S... 5 DVAX: Dynavax Shares Plunge 70% Amid Complete Resp... 6 TSLA, NVDA: Vetr Crowd Downgrades NVIDIA After... 7 PG, FB: The Trump Market Is Killing... 1 MBLY: Mobileye Gains 2.5% After Better-Than-Expected Q3 2 AAP, NDAQ: A Peek Into The Markets: U.S. Stock Futures Edge Higher Ahead Of Ec... 3 HD: Home Depot Reports Q3 Results, Shares Tick Higher 4 EUR/USD Little Higher, German Current Economic Sentiment Eases 5 XOM, OXY: Can You Guess This Chart? 6 EUR/USD Little Higher, Euro Area GDP Steady 7 EUR/USD Little Changed, Italy GDP Improves View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products GBP/USD Gains Erode, U.K. Retail Prices Edge Up Chipotle's Lost Sales Could Be Permanent; Raymond James Downgrades To Underperform
null
Latest News Dow 18,923 +54.37 +0.29% Nasdaq 5,276 +57.23 +1.10% S&P 500 2,180 +16.19 +0.75% 1:12 A.M. ET Australia wage growth falls to record low 1:09 A.M. ET Dollar’s march higher takes a break as investors wonder if it’s gone too far 12:51 A.M. ET Violent Protests Break Out in Athens as Obama Visits 11/15 Updated Asian stocks peek higher, led by financials 11/15 Walgreens says Theranos voided 11.3% of its customers’ blood tests 11/15 Henry Louis Gates Discusses Ideological Divides Among Black Americans 11/15 Want a cheaper fare on United? It’ll cost you the overhead bin 11/15 Updated Warren Buffett loves four airline stocks, but Wall Street prefers this one 11/15 Henry Louis Gates Discusses New PBS TV Series 11/15 Updated SEC boss Mary Jo White should be stepping up the fight, not stepping down 11/15 Updated 5 reasons why it’s too early for investors to stop worrying about President Trump 11/15 Investors hope Snap will unlock IPO market for tech unicorns 11/15 Updated New supersonic jetliner a step closer to getting off the ground 11/15 Elizabeth Warren rips Trump’s picks of ‘Wall Street insiders’ 11/15 Proposed Passenger Jet Could Reach Supersonic Speeds 11/15 Social Media Companies Tackle Fake News and Abuse 11/15 Preet Bharara hopeful that insider-trading prosecutions will ramp up 11/15 Updated Family of Chicago folk singer Steve Goodman sold ‘Go, Cubs, Go’ rights mere months before World Series 11/15 PlayStation Network may have been target of October’s internet attack 11/15 Sen. Elizabeth Warren on Election 2016 Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release CloudRouter 4.0 Adds FD.io and Intel 40 GigE Card Support By Published: Oct 18, 2016 6:00 a.m. ET Share Oct 18, 2016 (Marketwired via COMTEX) -- Hardware Performance Results and Easier Programming Give Datacenter Managers Confidence That Open Source Networking Can Replace Proprietary Gear SANTA CLARA, CA --(Marketwired - October 18, 2016) - The CloudRouter® Project, a leading Linux-based open source routing and software-defined networking (SDN) project, today announced the general availability of CloudRouter 4.0. For the first time, CloudRouter includes FD.io (Fast data - Input/Output) and the Cisco-contributed Vector Packet Processing (VPP) library. FD.io brings the first implementation of a multi-architectural router to CloudRouter. Prior to this, people had to use the kernel for packet routing. According to Jay Turner, head of the CloudRouter Project, "After we shipped DPDK in CloudRouter 3.0, the community asked us to use FD.io as a layer 3 implementation of DPDK, which is a development kit. CloudRouter 4.0 with FD.io is a natural evolution of our goals to enable open source programmable routers on a range of hardware." "We're excited to see a cutting-edge open source networking project like CloudRouter ship FD.io as a key part of its distribution," said Ed Warnicke, TSC Chair at FD.io. "FD.io has gained adoption quickly thanks to an active open source network community with contributors/committers from more than a dozen companies including Cisco, Intel, Ericsson, Huawei, Red Hat, Comcast, and NXP and the high quality, mature, extremely high performance vector packet processor (VPP) technology on which it's based. Today, it's clear that feature rich, modular, extremely high performance software-based packet processing for general-purpose CPUs has finally arrived. This is the dataplane we have all been looking for." The layer 3 implementation is important to the growing number of businesses deploying CloudRouter. Between CloudRouter 3.0 and CloudRouter 4.0 the community grew by 34%. As part of the CloudRouter 4.0 release, the team partnered with Intel to test their GigE cards with FD.io. Tests results for Intel Ethernet Converged Network Adapter XL710 GbE are available. "Our tests show that Intel Ethernet Converged Network Adapter XL710 GbE cards have excellent performance with CloudRouter," said Jay Turner. "We plan to expand our testing with other vendors and welcome cooperation from other hardware and software groups. Please contribute code or contact us about joint-testing." CloudRouter 4.0 new features summary: FD.io with support of Layer 2 and Layer 3 SDN and NFV architecturesIncluding Vector Packet Processing (VPP) 16.06 release Including Vector Packet Processing (VPP) 16.06 release OS: upgraded to Fedora 24 (from Fedora 23) NOTE: CentOS remains the same with 7.2 NOTE: CentOS remains the same with 7.2 SDN OS: ONOS 1.6 (GoldenEye, from ONOS 1.4) and OpenDaylight Beryllium (from Lithium) DPDK 16.07 release CloudRouter 4.0 Production is available now for download and use. https://cloudrouter.org/getting-started/ About the CloudRouter Project The CloudRouter Project is a collaborative open source project to develop a freely available software-based router designed to securely run on physical, virtual and cloud environments that support software-defined networking infrastructures. CloudRouter aims to facilitate migration to the cloud without giving up control over network routing and governance. It includes the features of traditional hardware routers, as well as support for emerging technologies such as containers and software-defined interconnection. To help bridge legacy infrastructure with the cloud, the project is focused on bringing simplicity to network interconnection, a traditionally complex process. The CloudRouter Project sponsors include Australian National University, CloudBees, Cloudius Systems, Console Inc., NGINX and OpenDaylight. CloudRouter is a registered trademark of Console Inc. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Contact: Jesse Casman for The CloudRouter Project jcasman@oppkey.com © 2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. MarketWatch Partner Center Politics & Property Presidents’ weekend homes away from the White House View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Sponsored Content Alternatives in an uncertain world View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
null
News Research Finance Page 2 Supply chain window On Display Marketing Advanced 中文 繁體 | 簡體 Facebook Twitter Register Login Taipei, Wednesday, November 16, 2016 14:56 (GMT+8) Taipei 27°C Home IT + CE Mobile + telecom Bits + chips Displays LED Green energy What's hot: IoT automotive NOR flash equipment IC manufacturing IC design, distribution Memory chips Passive, PCB, other IC components DIGITIMES login page Sorry, the page you are trying to open is available only for our paid subscribers. - Please sign in below if you wish to continue - New users, please register Login Save my User ID and Password NEW users please register first. I forgot my ID and/or password? For any problems contact webmaster or email questions and comments to editor Realtime news Taiwan IC production value to fall 4.8% in 4Q16, says IEK Bits + chips | 18min ago India market: Smartphone shipments grow 17.5% in 3Q16, says IDC Mobile + telecom | 36min ago Nvidia and MediaTek fastest-growing semiconductor companies for 2016, says IC Insights Bits + chips | 50min ago Wha Yu Industrial lands orders for antennas used in base stations from Japan-based mobile telecom carrier Before Going to Press | Nov 15, 21:17 Synnex Technology nets NT$2.13 for January-September Before Going to Press | Nov 15, 21:15 Pause  |  View more Latest Digitimes news Digitimes Research: Cellular M2M IoT to be fast developing in China E Ink expects drop in 4Q16 revenues Proportion of notebooks for single-spindle models to rise significantly in 2017, say Taiwan makers Era of Silicon 4.0: TSIA chairman talks about virtual Moore's Law Inventec expects 2017 hand-held device shipments to grow 17.2-20.7% Demand for AMOLED panels from China smartphone vendors rising HTC announces wireless upgrade kit for HTC Vive TSMC orders NT$2.4 billion worth of facility equipment for Nanjing site SMIC, IMECAS cooperate on MEMS R&D and foundry Equipment maker Foxsemicon posts record 3Q16 profits PC supply chain seeing replacement trend in DIY market in 2H16 Gintech reports losses for 3Q16 Fujifilm to open new plant for advanced IC materials in Taiwan Giga Solar Materials nets NT$9.19 per share for 3Q16 Neo Solar Power suffers 3Q16 operating loss of NT$1.786 billion GIS 3Q16 operations turn profitable Acer strengthens ties with Tobii to develop VR devices with eye-tracking technology Digitimes Research: October 7W, 9W LED light bulb prices in China market rise Router maker DrayTek reports earnings for 3Q16 Clevo ships nearly 160,000 notebooks in October Taiwan Chinsan reports strong earnings for 3Q16 Foxlink sees earnings rebound in 3Q16 Certification service provider IST acquires new factory for NT$356 million Smartphone shipments to grow at single-digit rates through 2020, says IC Insights Packaging material supplier Chang Wah 3Q16 profits rise 68% Market summary 16-Nov-2016 markets closed   Last Change TAIEX (TSE) 8931.03 -9.37 -0.1%  TSE electronic 358.33 -0.76 -0.21%  GTSM (OTC) 119.6 +0.08 +0.07%  OTC electronic 156.93 -0.44 -0.28%  View more Around the web Siemens to buy Mentor Graphics amid push to digitize heavy industry (Nov 14) - Wall Street Journal 7nm SRAMs, 10nm SoC at ISSCC (Nov 14) - EE Times Dolby drags Oppo and Vivo to court; demands royalties for unlicensed use of proprietary technology (Nov 11) - Firstpost Exclusive: Siemens nears deal to buy Mentor Graphics - sources (Nov 13) - Reuters Samsung applied patent for fingerprint swipe gestures (Oct 27) - Android Community Sony China to sell camer module unit (Nov 7) - Company release Amid anti-trust probe, Qualcomm says it will invest in a lab in Taiwan (Nov 7) - Nikkei Electronics Asia Samsung raided in political corruption probe (Nov 8) - BBC News Latest from Digitimes Research Reports Analysis Data China smartphone AP shipments - 2Q 2016 China smartphone AP shipments – 1Q 2016 Taiwan server shipment forecast and industry analysis, 2016 China smartphone AP shipments - 4Q 2015 More reports Digitimes Research: Taiwan top-3 foundries see combined revenues rise in 3Q16 Digitimes Research: Global IC foundry output value to rise at 5% CAGR over 2016-2021 Digitimes Research: China mobile AP shipments to growth over 18% in 2H16 More analysis 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 More interactive charts Supply chain window Sponsor zone Releases White papers Bulletin Advantest launches Versatile T2000 AiR System for low-volume testing of highly integrated modules and system-in-package (SiP) devices HHGrace technology symposium 2016 successfully held in the US Frontline PCB Solutions announces a company rebrand Advantest Opens VOICE 2017 Call for Papers VATek's modulator has been used on the world's first DTV transmitter crowdfunding project on Kickstarter More releases Embracing the New Generation Intel Atom Family with DDR3 Memory Support Got The Message? Ensuring efficient and reliable delivery of content across a mission critical digital signage network Emb' Store On-Demand Software Service for Embedded Computing Efficient Network Management for Digital Signage Design Benefits of the MI/O Extension Solution More white papers Perforce Software Wins Develop Industry Excellence Award for the Second Year in a Row Perforce Teams with Leading Git Client Developer fournova Perforce Introduces Helix GitSwarm: Flexible Git Ecosystem Mirrored to a Powerful Mainline Repository Perforce Helix Distributed Version Control System Brings Greater Flexibility While Maintaining Enterprise-class Security, Auditability and Control Perforce Powers Development of Legacy Quest for iOS and Android More in bulletin On display 1 2 3 Samsung 14nm chips for wearablesPhoto: Company, Oct 18. Samsung 14nm Exynos chipsPhoto: Company, Aug 31. Silego SLG46533V GreenPAK 5Photo: Company, Jul 26. Samsung 256GB UFS cardPhoto: Company, Jul 13. Samsung PM971-NVMePhoto: Company, Jun 2. Winbond SpiStack memoriesPhoto: Company, Mar 30. Samsung 12-megapixel image sensorPhoto: Company, Mar 22. Samsung PM1633a SSDPhoto: Company, Mar 14. Silego SLG46531V GPAK 5Photo: Company, Jan 13. Samsung Bio-ProcessorPhoto: Company, Jan 5. Samsung PRO Plus 128GB microSD cardsPhoto: Company, Dec 23. Samsung 128GB TSV DDR4 RDIMMPhoto: Company, Dec 9. Page 2 Hot Systems Mentor Graphics Veloce VirtuaLAB adds protocols for networking designs Mouser Electronics undergoing expansion Digitimes Research: Shrinking tablet market prompts China touch panel supply chain to look for growth elsewhere Digitimes Research: Tsinghua Unigroup acquisition of Micron faces difficulties, but is a must for China for further development Digitimes Research: Qualcomm to push inexpensive mobile device market with Microsoft and Allwinner solutions More Page 2 MWC 2015: Intel launches new mobile SoCs, LTE solution Samsung intros 128GB UFS storage for smartphones Qualcomm announces highest-end Snapdragon 810 and 808 processors Micron launches 45nm serial NOR flash for embedded apps Intel launches Pro 1500 series SSD for enterprise More Hot Systems Topics Japan earthquake Earthquakes in Japan often cause huge damage. They have had strong impacts on the country's electronics industry. China: Big plans for homegrown chips A CNY120 billion (US$19 billion) national industry investment fund has been set up to help local foundries finance the build-up of advanced manufacturing... ASE seeking to take up major stake in SPIL Advanced Semiconductor Engineering (ASE) is seeking to acquire an up to 25% stake in fellow packaging house Siliconware Precision Industries (SPIL). MediaTek steps up expansion with new acquisitions After acquiring MStar Semiconductor, MediaTek has announced more acquisitions. Frankly speaking Industry intros Era of Silicon 4.0: TSIA chairman talks about virtual Moore's Law With 2015 being the 50th anniversary of Moore's Law, one of the hottest topics that has continued to... 7nm process is essential for semi industry: Q&A with Globalfoundries CTO Gary Patton Gary Patton, a 30-year veteran in the semiconductor industry, joined Globalfoundries as CTO in July... Industry integration, 5G and IoT applications: Q&A with Qualcomm president Derek Aberle Qualcomm president Derek Aberle spared his time with Digitimes for an exclusive interview... Powering the cloud: Intel embraces new identity The next wave of computing is now beginning to define the IT industry, where the boundaries of computing... More interviews Taiwan DRAM module industry overview - Jun 2011 The year 2010 represented a peak in recent years for the DRAM module industry. Optimism surfaced in the second half of 2009 thanks to a return of demand on the... Taiwan DRAM-module industry overview - May 2010 Back to 2006 when total revenues for the third-party module market reached US$12.2 billion, Taiwan had over 15 vendors shipping DRAM modules under their own brand... Taiwan semiconductor equipment industry overview - Aug 2008 Worries about a global economic downturn have taken a toll on a number of industries, with the semiconductor industry being no exception. Players in the semiconductor... Foundry overview - Sep 2006 Taiwan's semiconductor industry has begun to out-run its global peers, once more, in 2006. This followed a trough in 2004, caused by over-inventory, plus volatility... More industry intros Sponsored links Wireless broadband developments in Southeast Asia markets As of 2013, the 10 ASEAN nations had a total of over 700 million mobile subscriptions, with the CAGR from 2003-2013 reaching 24%. This Digitimes Research Special Report analyzes the various mobile broadband markets in ASEAN and looks at the respective trends in 4G LTE development for those markets. 2015 global tablet demand forecast This Digitimes Research Special Report provides a 2015 forecast for the global tablet market and analyzes the strategies of key market players such as Google, Apple, Intel, and Microsoft. 2015 China smartphone panel trend forecast This Digitimes Research Special Report analyzes the strategies of key China-based major panel makers BOE, Tianma and IVO for attacking the different market segments through technology and pricing, and their relationship to local vendors Huawei, Lenovo, ZTE, Xiaomi and Coolpad. Buy link TAG CLOUD foundry 3Q16 profit MediaTek 4Q16 Macronix packaging and testing EPS 2016 Taiwan revenues semiconductor IC 10 days cloud DIGITIMES About Advertising Marketing Membership Terms & conditions Privacy policy Contact us Notes & corrections Site map Channels News Research Finance Industry intros Page 2 Supply chain window Hot systems On display Tools & services Before going to press On demand Frankly speaking Around the web Topics Mobile RSS Facebook Twitter Account New user Login Members only Login to read more © DIGITIMES Inc. All rights reserved. Please do not republish, publicly broadcast or publicly transmit content from this website without written permission from DIGITIMES Inc. Please contact us if you have any questions.
Skip to main content Broadcasting and Cable TV Technology TVB Europe Next TV NYC Television Week More AV/PRO AUDIO AV-IQ AudioMedia.com AudioProInternational.com AVNetwork.com Installation-International.com MixOnline.com ProSoundNetwork.com PSNEurope.com ResidentialSystems.com BROADCAST/RADIO/TV/VIDEO Broadcast.it CreativePlanetNetwork.com GovernmentVideo.com Licensing.biz RadioMagOnline.com RadioWorld.com CONSUMER ELECTRONICS/GAMING BikeBiz.com Develop-Online.net MVCuk.com Mobile-ent.biz PCR-Online.biz Twice.com ToyNews-Online.biz EDUCATION Eduwire.com SchoolCIO.com TechLearning.com MUSIC BassPlayer.com Emusician.com GuitarAficionado.com GuitarPlayer.com GuitarWorld.com KeyboardMag.com MI-Pro.co.uk MusicWeek.com RevolverMag.com News Policy National Regulation State Laws/Franchising Courts FCC Distribution Cable Operators Telco TV Internet Video Satellite OTT Content Networks Programming Ratings Sports VOD TV Award Shows Finance Carriage Deals Retransmission Consent Transactions Stocks/Earning Research Advanced Advertising Addressable Digital Ad Insertion Programmatic Audience Measurement Technology SCTE Cable-Tec Expo Next TV TV Everywhere TV Apps Advanced Services Interactive TV HD TV 3D Virtual Reality Marketing Advertising Social Media Customer Service Multicultural Public Service INTX People Courts ACA Backs Cox in Liability Judgment Appeal By John Eggerton Nov 15, 2016 FCC FCC’s Wheeler Gets Pushback on Continued Agenda Push By John Eggerton Nov 15, 2016 Ratings Fox News, CNN Dominate Weekly Cable Ratings By R. Thomas Umstead Nov 15, 2016 TV Apps Google Freshens Up Fiber TV App By Jeff Baumgartner Nov 15, 2016 Demand Progress 'Bucks' Up for New Net-Neutrality Fight By John Eggerton Nov 15, 2016 Viacom Buys Argentine Broadcaster for $345M By Mike Farrell Nov 15, 2016 Blogs As I Was Saying Capital Letters MCN Guest Blog Mixed Signals My Turn On The Money Picture This The Bauminator Translation Please Community Picture This Holidays Come to TV Early By R. Thomas Umstead MCN Guest Blog Strengthening the Cord With Cause-and-Effect Analysis By Marek Polonski, APT Community MCN Online Extra -- Nov. 14, 2016 By MCN Staff Picture This Dan Rather Trumped Election Prognosticators By R. Thomas Umstead Daydream View Reviews Roll In By Jeff Baumgartner One Share, One Vote Is Fair By Edward Bleier, Media Industry Adviser Events Multichannel News Events Webinars Sponsored Webinars NYC TV & Video Week Diversity Discussion Dec 05, 2016 Images Videos Photos Freeze Frame -- Nov. 14, 2016 Nov 14, 2016 Freeze Frame -- Nov. 7, 2016 Nov 07, 2016 FREEZE FRAME -- OCT. 31, 2016 Oct 31, 2016 NYC TV & Video Week 2016 Oct 24, 2016 Tech Broadband Mobile The Bauminator Translation Please Video Voice Wireless Big Data Insights Broadband Videotron Sparks DOCSIS 3.1 Deployment By Jeff Baumgartner Nov 15, 2016 Next TV Comcast Streamlines X1 Video Playback By Jeff Baumgartner Nov 15, 2016 TV Apps Google Freshens Up Fiber TV App By Jeff Baumgartner Nov 15, 2016 Policy Demand Progress 'Bucks' Up for New Net-Neutrality Fight By John Eggerton Nov 15, 2016 Subscribe Subscribe All Access Login Newsletter Digital Edition Customer Service Current Issue Archive Facebook Twitter Rss Search Search News1 Back To Main All News Policy Back To NEWS All Policy National Regulations State Laws/Frachising Courts FCC Distribution Back To NEWS All Distribution Cable Operators Telco TV Internet Video Satellite OTT Content Back To NEWS All Content Networks Programming Ratings Sports VOD Finance Back To NEWS All Finance Carriage Deals Retransmission Content Transactions Stocks/Earnings Research Marketing Back To NEWS All Marketing Advertising Social Media Customer Service Multicultural Technology Back To NEWS All Technology Broadband Wireless Video Mobile Voice TV Everywhere Back To NEWS All TV Everywhere TV Apps Advanced Services Interactive TV HD TV 3D Blogs Back To Main All BLOGS As I Was Saying Capital Letters MCN Guest Blog Mixed Signals My Turn On the Money Picture This Reynolds Rap The Bauminator Translation Please Viewpoint Events Back To Main All Events Multichannel Events Webinars Industry Calendar Cable TV Conventions TV Awrds Shows Images Back To Main All Images Videos Photos Tech Back To Main Broadband Mobile The Bauminator Translation Please Video Voice Wireless Subscribe Back To Main Subscibe All Access Login Newsletters Digital Edition Customer Service Current Issue Archive Search Oct 17 2016 MCN Events VR 20/20: The View From Venture Capitalists With heavy hardware hitters committed, investments flow to content, apps 10/17/2016 5:50 PM Eastern By: Kent Gibbons Follow @cablekent Tipatat Chennavasin of The Venture Reality Fund (Twitter photo) TakeAway 'Massive market' forecasts help venture and strategic investors put money into software and support startups. Get complete coverage of NYC Television & Video Week.   New York – Investors backing virtual reality companies, knowing technology heavy hitters will sell consumers the necessary headsets other hardware, are looking to content, software and applications in the consumer and enterprise realms, experts said at the Virtual Reality 20/20 conference Monday (Oct. 17).   “They’ve built the hardware platform, that’s really set now,” Tipatat Chennavasin, general partner at VR-focused The Venture Reality Fund, said, referring to such big tech firms as Facebook (Oculus), Google (Daydream) and Sony (PlayStation VR). “Now it’s time to invest in the software ecosystem that supports that – that’s really the opportunity.”   RELATED: 'Base case' has VR hitting $80 billion in revenue by 2025   Intel thinks “it’s going to become a mainstream computing platform,” Arjun Metre, investment director at Intel Capital, said, sitting with executives from strategic investment units at Comcast, Time Warner and Samsung on the panel moderated by Greg Kahn, the event’s executive producer.   Chris Fralic, partner at First Round Capital which, he said, has backed more than 350 companies with early “seed” funds, said his firm has been looking at social applications, at “how the 2D and 3D worlds come together” and at parallels of how app stores developed in 2008 with challenges on the publisher and consumer sides “that are playing out again today.”   Kahn asked whether or not virtual reality had grown beyond the point of worrisome comparisons to 3DTV, which fizzled out after a year or so of consumer electronics fueled hype. Scott Levine, managing director of Time Warner Investments, said the comparison to 3DTV often comes up but he thinks “the dynamics are much different.”   3DTV was about TV sales, Levine said, while virtual reality apps driven by mobile phones are “much more immersive” and the support by the biggest tech companies and the potential reach of applications are much broader than a TV-set feature. “There’s so much momentum,” he said.   Said Intel’s Metre: “We all agree, I think, it’s going to be a massive market.”   Enterprise uses of VR and augmented reality – which adds data and content to existing environments, a la Pokemon Go – are promising in such categories as health care, real estate, travel and education, the panelists said. “Obviously there’s a lot of money there and opportunity for transformative experiences,” Gus Warren, managing director, investments, at Samsung Global Innovation Center, said, though Samsung has not invested in those realms yet.   Location-based VR experiences have strong potential, too, although more in China, Japan and Korea, where VR-enabled Internet cafes are growing and karaoke clubs are popular. They could also turn up in U.S. shopping malls where they might have more upside than yet another women’s apparel store, Time Warner’s Levine said. Panelists said experiments like The Void in Times Square, offering a Ghostbusters-themed VR experience, are good for spreading consumer awareness but, as Levine noted, could have a difficult time drawing enough people spending enough money to be successful.   “The concern is, will location VR be the next laser tag? I hope not,” Levine said.   For VR content developers, the good news is that hardware makers are pumping money in that direction, knowing popular content is critically important. Facebook’s Oculus has already invested $250 million in content firms and plans to invest another $250 million, Chennavasin said.   Because it will take time for the base of VR homes to grow – something that will get big jump starts from Sony’s new PlayStation VR and from Google’s coming Daydream platform -- content makers will need the support before other revenue streams kick in. (Another key funding source: brands seeking the "halo effect" around VR as new and innovative and worthy of bankrolling via agencies or studios, per Levine.)   Yang said Comcast Ventures tells VR content makers it’s invested in -- including Baobab Studios, Felix & Paul Studios and NextVR -- not to focus on monetization yet. Between hardware-maker backing and venture investments, “if you manage your company appropriately, you can get well into 2019 and 2020,” he said. Content companies in VR have done well attracting venture funds, relative to content companies in general, he said.   Virtual Reality 20/20, which took place at the The Times Center, is the first event of NYC Television & Video Week, which continues with the Broadcasting & Cable Hall of Fame Tuesday night, Advanced Advertising and Next TV Summit on Wednesday (The Grand Hyatt) and the Hispanic Television Summit (The Grand Hyatt) on Thursday. More information about the week's events here.    Want to read more stories like this? Get our Free Newsletter Here! TAGS: VR 20/20    #NYCTVWK    Virtual Reality 20/20    Share This Post View the discussion thread. PR Feed: ‘The Trans List,’ Exploring The Lives Of A Diverse Group Of Transgender Americans, Debuts Dec. 5 Exclusively On HBO Who Knew Payback Could Look So Good? E!’S “Revenge Body With Khloé Kardashian” Premieres Thursday, January 12th At 8pm Et/Pt Renowned Art + Technology Company The Artery Launches Experiential Arm and Names Yaron Tsinman, Creative Director Archion's Ultra High Performance EditStor Omni Media Storage Certified for Blackmagic Design's DaVinci Resolve and DaVinci Resolve Studio: Facilis TerraBlock at work on Canadian family drama series Backstage Eutelsat and Broadpeak Combine Skills for Satellite Delivery of Live TV and VOD to Mobile Devices Kaltura Integrates with Stripe FLEX Creative Acquires Noted Marketing, Promotions and Production Company SuchAGoodDog: AlticeUSA/Cablevision & CATV-TI partner Cisco Showcases Data-Sharing Digital Platform at Smart City Expo World Congress 2016 Newsletter Signup Free E-Newsletters Subscribe to our FREE eNewsletters Talkback Trending View All → FCC Takes Aim at DirecTV Now PlayStation Vue Dropping Viacom Channels PlayStation Vue Offers Big 4 Broadcast TV Feeds in All O&O Markets Clinton Leads in Media Polls What A&E Wants You to Know About ‘Live PD’ Related Stories NYC Television & Video Week Sees Record Attendance MCN Staff - 11/08/2016 03:18:00 PM America/New_York The fourth annual NYC Television & Video Week drew Telenovela Stars Find Reality TV Tough R. Thomas Umstead - 10/24/2016 08:00:00 AM America/New_York NEW YORK — What’s the hardest role for an actor? Hispanic TV Summit: Jenni Rivera's Kids Show Their New Reality Diana Marszalek, Broadcasting & Cable - 10/20/2016 05:58:00 PM America/New_York Nearly four years after Jenni Rivera’s untimely death, Subscribe Now Events See All Events → December Diversity Discussion Dec 05, 2016 Convene,&nbspNew York,&nbspNY Freeze Frame Freeze Frame -- Nov. 14, 2016 Freeze Frame -- Nov. 7, 2016 FREEZE FRAME -- OCT. 31, 2016 NYC TV & Video Week 2016 Freeze Frame -- Oct. 17, 2016 Cable-Tec Expo 2016 -- Tuesday, Sept. 27 Cable-Tec Expo 2016 -- Monday, Sept. 26 Freeze Frame -- Sept. 12, 2016 See All → CCA Urges FCC to Stick With 39-Month Repack Timeline Sen. Thune Asks FCC's Wheeler to Avoid Controversial Votes Syndication Ratings: 'Judge Judy' Evades Pre-Election Week Declines ACA Backs Cox in Liability Judgment Appeal The Time Louis C.K. ‘Sucker Punched’ David Bianculli Samsung Bets Big on the Connected Car With Harman Deal Spotify Addresses “Junk Data” Problem Nugen Audio Announces MasterCheck Pro DAB Stakeholders Meet in Vienna Lynx Links to Dante All the Chatter on 'Billy Lynn's Long Halftime Walk' 2016 DCS Post Production Expo, Nov. 19, L.A. More & Better Pixels: How NASA Plans to Use HDR, 4K, VR to Take Everyone Along for the Ride to Mars Here's a Thorough Look at the New MacBook Pro Sparks Fly in Colorful New Flaming Lips Music Video CBS News App Adds 360 Video PBS News Anchor Gwen Ifill Dead at 61 Teracue Signs on With AVBB for Distribution in Americas JVC to Showcase VideoCloud at GV Expo Fostering a Startup Mentality Within Your Organization News Blogs Events Images Subscribe About Us Contact Us Advertise Editorial Calendar Privacy Policy Site Map Terms of Use Ad Choices Subscribe RSS Feeds All Access Log In Newsletters Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2016 by NewBay Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved. 28 East 28th Street, 12th floor, New York, NY 10016 T (212) 378-0400 F (212) 378-0470 News Blogs Events Images Subscribe Other NewBay Media Brands Broadcastingcable.com Twice.com CreativePlanetNetwork TV Technology MORE Copyright 2014 by NewBay Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved. 28 East 28th Street, 12th floor, New York, NY 10016 T (212) 378-0400 F (212) 378-0470
The Indian Express Nation World Opinion Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Home Compare News Mobile & Tabs Gadgets Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Gadgets Amazon Great Indian Festival: Deals on Apple MacBook Air, Surface Pro 4, and other laptops Amazon Great Indian Festival: Deals on Apple MacBook Air, Surface Pro 4, and other laptops Amazon is also hosting deals on laptops and tablets, and here are the best offers on Apple MacBook Air, HP, Lenovo, etc. By: Tech Desk | Published:October 18, 2016 12:48 pm Amazon Sale: Deals on Apple MacBook Air, Surface Pro 4, Lenovo Yoga 500 and other laptops. Amazon’s Great India festival continues till October 20, and there are discounts/exchange offers on smartphones like Moto G4 Plus, Moto G4, OnePlus 3, etc. Amazon is also hosting deals on laptops and tablets, and here’s a quick look at some of the best offers. Apple MacBook Air, HP, Lenovo, Dell and Asus laptops are available at discounts, as well as the Microsoft Surface Pro 4. Most of these discounts have a time limit, so you’ll need to claim them quickly. Here’s a look at the best deals on laptops, tablets. Apple MacBook Air: Apple MacBook Air is available at Rs 59,799 during the deal well below the Rs 80,900 asking price. This one comes with a 13.3-inch display, Intel Core i5 processor, 8GB RAM + 128GB SSD, Mac OS X which can be upgrade to MacOS Sierra as well Integrated Graphics. If you’ve been waiting to buy an Apple MacBook Air, now is the time to hit buy as the extra RAM is always worth it. But do note you’ll be sacrificing storage space on this one. HP Pavilion 15-AU006TX: This laptop from HP is available at a deal price of Rs 53,747, down from Rs 62,386 which is the MRP. It runs Intel Core i5 processor (sixth gen), comes with 8 GB RAM, and 1TB storage space. It runs Windows 10 Home and also has dedicated NVIDIA GeForce 940MX with 4GB DDR3 RAM for Graphics. However, the 15.6-inch display has a 1366 x 768 resolution, which means you won’t get 1080p. It comes with a full-size island-style backlit keyboard with numeric keypad, as well as B&O PLAY. Watch our technology playlist Dell Inspiron 3558 Notebook: This one is priced at Rs 25,990 during the deal from its MRP of Rs 33,273. This has a the Intel 5th Gen Core i3 processor, 4GB RAM with 1TB HDD and a 15.6-inch display. It doesn’t run Windows 10, and instead comes with Ubuntu. So if you’re not insistent on sticking with the Windows 10 ecosystem, the Dell laptop with Ubuntu is also an option to consider. Arvind Kejriwal Attacks Janardhan Reddy Over His Daughter’s Big Fat Wedding Demonetisation: Farmers Should Have Been Exempted, Says CM Akhilesh Yadav Kaabil Is About Finding The Brightest Light Inside You: Hrithik Roshan Demonetisation: Church Opens Donation Box, Dhaba Offers Free Food For Public CBSE Makes Class 10th Board Exams Mandatory 2017 Session Demonetisation: Indelible Inks To Be Put On Cash Exchanger’s Finger To Prevent Fraud Obama Advises Trump Over ‘Signals Of Unity’, Temperament, ‘New Voice And New Ideas’ PM Modi’s 96-year-old mother exchanges currency notes at Ahmedabad bank Marriage Is The Biggest Change In My Life : Vidya Balan Vidya Balan Reacts To Govt’s Decision Of Making Rs 500- Rs1000 Illegal Skin Show Is Not Necessarily Sexy, Says Alia Bhatt Express ADDA With Baba Ramdev Demonetisation: Banks Provide New Rs 500 Notes Venkaiah Naidu On Demonetisation: No Regrets Bigg Boss 10 November 14 Review: Contestants Still Stand Divided Between Indiawaale And Celebrities Asus X541UV-XO029D: This laptop is available for Rs 34,990, down from the MRP of Rs 38,990 and comes without any OS running on it. The Asus laptop comes with Intel Core i5, 4GB RAM + 1TB storage, DOS and 2GB RAM for Graphics. It has a 15.6-inch screen. Since this runs DOS, you can install Windows 10 on it if you have a key already. Apple MacBook Air is available at Rs 59,799 during the sale well below the Rs 80,900 asking price. Lenovo Yoga 500: This is a 2-in-1 Touch Screen Laptop which is priced at Rs 47,990, and runs the Intel Core i5 6th Gen processor with 4GB RAM and 500GB storage. This one runs Windows 10 Home. The Yoga 500 series flips around 360 degree and can be used as a laptop, tablet, etc. Micromax Canvas Lapbook: This budget laptop from Micromax is available at discount. You get it for Rs 8,990, which is Rs 2000 off from the Rs 11,990 price. It features an Intel Quad-Core Processor, 2GB DDR3 RAM, 32GB eMMC Flash drive and has an 11.6-inch screen with Integrated graphics. This is one of the cheapest laptop running Windows 10 that you can get in the market. Read more: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Review: Great laptop replacement, but not fully mobile Tablet Microsoft Surface Pro 4: The Microsoft Surface Pro 4 is still pretty expensive but you can get the 4GB RAM+128GB storage version at Rs 73,990 price, down from the Rs 92,999 MRP. Surface Pro 4 runs the Intel Core i5 6th Gen processor and it comes with Windows 10 Pro. Apple iPad Mini 2 Tablet: The Apple iPad Mini 2 with Wi-Fi Only and 16GB space is available at Rs 17,599 during the sale for those who need a compact tablet. Do note that when considering laptop deals, take a note of the seller. If it is CloudTail that means Amazon is directly handling this. Also do check the returns policy before hitting buy on any laptop. © The Indian Express Online Media Pvt Ltd Express TechIE Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Gionee S6 Xiaomi Mi 5 Best of Express 26/11 Stories of Strength presented by The Indian Express, Facebook & Instagram IndiaBJP leaders attend Janardhan Reddy daughter's multi-crore wedding and talk about black money: Anand Sharma IndiaRahul Gandhi: PM Narendra Modi is running the government of few industrialists IndiaSushma Swaraj suffers kidney failure, undergoes dialysis at AIIMS BusinessSBI writes off Rs 7,016 crore loans owed by wilful defaulters IndiaBirla text message shows payoff to ‘Gujarat CM’ in 2012, says Arvind Kejriwal EntertainmentI am besharam, nudity means nothing to me: Ranveer Singh on Befikre EntertainmentDimple Kapadia called Twinkle Khanna 'junglee' and that's where Akshay Kumar came in EntertainmentPM Modi's 'kadak chai' is sweet tea for the honest: Nana Patekar on demonetisation EntertainmentTwinkle Khanna asked Karan Johar full form of MNS, his reply will make you forget Koffee With Karan Must Read SportsZafar Ansari pitches it on the right length SportsFit-again Dhawan to be part of Delhi's Ranji team SportsHow the mighty Aussies have fallen TechnologyOnePlus 3T vs OnePlus 3: What's the big difference? TechnologyOnePlus 3T goes official: Price, specifications and features TechnologyWhatsApp video calling on Android, iOS: Here is how it works  Deepika Padukone, Priyanka Chopra, Lisa Haydon: The rise of the thigh-high slit gowns Nov 16: Latest News Suicide bomber kills at least four security forces in Kabul: Afghan officials India vs England, 2nd Test: There will be few surprises in the playing XI, says Virat Kohli Japan’s hunger for pricey pork drives Canadian exports to record levels Puducherry: Parties prefer door-to-door campaign in Nellithope Bangladesh to cancel wheat import tender                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2016 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Jump to Navigation AU EDITION | Wednesday, November 16, 2016 As of 5:53 PM AEST Subscribe AU Edition Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition U.K. Edition U.S. Edition FOLLOW | Make IBT your homepage Search Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video Technology HP Spectre x360 review: Good deal for those looking for 7th generation Intel i7 processor as in MacBook Pro 2016 By Ritwik Roy @ritwikroy1985 on October 18 2016 5:20 PM 0 0 0 0 A HP Envy 14 Spectre ultrabook is displayed at the Intel booth during the 2012 International Consumer Electronics Show (CES) in Las Vegas, Nevada, January 12, 2012. Reuters/Steve Marcus All those looking for a 7th generation Intel i7 processor, must be waiting eagerly for the Apple MacBook Pro 2016. However, there are other laptops such as the HP Spectre x360 that are also using the same processor. As Apple has not released any statement as regards the release date of the MacBook Pro 2016, one can go for the HP Spectre x360 device. HP has unveiled the upgraded Spectre x360 laptop and Envy models for customers both on the go and at home. The HP Spectre x360 is a 13.3-inch device, hailed as the thinnest laptop in the world. Its price starts from $900 to $1,400 depending on the configuration. The laptop is available at the HP Store and all with major retailers. According to Gadgets 360, the HP Spectre x360 has an increased battery life (25 percent increase) that stands at 15 hours. The Fast Charge technology powers up the battery to 50 percent in just half an hour and 90 percent in ninety minutes. USB Type-C ports are available with Thunderbolt support. A faster Wi-Fi, Bang & Olufsen audio and HP Audio boost technologies have also been incorporated. Seventh Generation Intel Core i5 or i7 processors power up the device along with SSDs of up to 1TB capacity, writes PC Mag. Design-wise, the HP Spectre x360 has a hinge-design and is only 13.8 mm thin. The bezel around the display has also been reduced along with the weight. HP has proved its immense attention details as well as performance with the Spectre x360. The convertible HP Spectre x360 is very much different from the current Apple MacBook Pro. The laptop has various configurations and users need to choose the best work mode suitable to his/her requirements. The Hp Spectre x360 may not be as good as the MacBook Pro 2016 but those looking for similar processor, healthy battery life and cool specs may go with it. Submit Correction 0 0 0 Related Samsung Chromebook Pro vs Apple MacBook Pro 2016 Apple MacBooks should have been upgraded long time back Join the Discussion 0 0 0 Search Most Shared Most Read 1 New 'Doctor Who' in 2018 0 Shares 2 Evidence says US president-elect Donald Trump could be impeached: Law professor 0 Shares 3 Nostradamus from the Balkans predicted the end of US politics as the world has come to know it 0 Shares 4 November supermoon: When, where and how to view from Australia 0 Shares 5 'Outlander' Season 3: Young Jamie cast; Sam Heughan teases photo 0 Shares 6 ‘Outlander’ star Sam Heughan failed dating attempt 0 Shares 7 ‘Outlander’ star Sam Heughan promises to answer questions 0 Shares 8 'Star Wars: Episode 8' theory' What Rey's training will entail 0 Shares 9 World War III Update: Did Nostradamus predict Trump’s election & third global war? 0 Shares 10 ‘X Factor Australia’ 2016 latest news: Fans blast Iggy Azalea for Chynna Taylor’s exit; Guy Sebastian may have called Iggy’s vote ‘stupid’ [VIDEOS] 0 Shares Follow Us Please enter a valid email Like us Follow us Full site feed Domino’s to sell thickshakes and ice cream in cups in July 2017 3rd loss for Johnson & Johnson after St Louis jury awards over $70 million to California woman diagnosed with ovarian cancer Hancock Prospecting says its bid for Kidman cattle business is superior to BBHO’s AT&T to buy Time Warner for $112.25B Woolworths opens its first next generation store in Sydney Apple Pay wins deal with 31 Australian banks, credit unions More Business Economy Markets Companies Real Estate Banking & Finance Australia infected by killer clown craze Australian resident sentenced to 20 years in Indonesia for cyanide coffee murder NSW parents sentenced to jail for raping, torturing daughter for 15 years Twitter satirist Fake Stephen Conroy killed in Idaho Chili’s apologises after US veteran’s food taken away by manager on Veterans Day Killer clown stabs woman on leg while at home More News Australia Asia Pacific Africa The Americas Europe Middle East Hobart Test: Proof that South Africa captain Faf du Plessis cheated Australian cricket team is third in history to suffer 5 consecutive losses 2 Brisbane hackers enter North Korea by posing as Australian golf delegation Ronda Rousey announces MMA retirement; Fight with Amanda Nunes ‘one of last fights’ LeBron James has season-high 14 assists, Cavaliers beat Raptors in thriller DeMarcus Cousins trade imminent before deadline More Sports AFL NRL Rugby Union Cricket Soccer Tennis Motor Sports Basketball NFL Fight Sports More Google Pixel phone is vulnerable to hacking Apple iOS 10 jailbreak impossible? November supermoon: When, where and how to view from Australia Supermoon November 2016 Australia: When and where to view the 'extra-super moon' The iPhone 7 Plus Full Review: Specs, features and Australian pricing NES Classic Edition: Nintendo promises to restock before the holidays More Life Environment & Science Health & Wellbeing Gaming Technology Travel & Food Fashion & Beauty Art & Design ‘Outlander’: ‘Explore your outer Claire’ says Diana Gabaldon ‘X Factor Australia’ 2016 Top 5 live recap: Judges save Vlado Saric; it’s third time unlucky for Beatz [VIDEOS] 'American Horror Story' Season 6 Episode 10 spoilers: Season finale reveals Lee as the ultimate survivor of ‘Three Days in Hell’ New 'Doctor Who' in 2018 Taylor Swift rebuffs Andy Cohen's suggestion to sit with Katy Perry 'NCIS' Season 14 episode 7 spoilers: ‘Home of the Brave’ tackles immigration issue, provides updates about Tony DiNozzo More Entertainment Movies TV Celebrities Music McLaren 570GT Review: Grand, But No Touring Car NASA's Juno Probe Reaches Jupiter Orbit China Begins Military Exercises In South China Sea Jose Mourinho: 'It's A Job Everyone Wants' Dior Unveils Autumn Creations At Paris Haute Couture Week IBTimes Newsletters Sign up to get the latest headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. We value your privacy. Your email address will not be shared. Sections Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Careers Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy IBT Media Syndication Editions Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
null
null

Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Press Releases   GammaTech Computer Corporation Press Release Receive press releases from GammaTech Computer Corporation: By Email RSS Feeds: GammaTech to Feature Newest Rugged Computers at US Army Aberdeen Proving Ground Fall Technology Expo Designed for Harsh, Demanding Applications, DURABOOKs Rugged Devices Are Ideal Solutions for Military Personnel. Fremont, CA, October 17, 2016 --(PR.com)-- GammaTech, a major international manufacturer and supplier of innovative notebook and tablet computers, will showcase its latest DURABOOK line of mobile rugged computer options for US Army - PEO C3T, IEWS, WIN-T (Tactical command and Control Community) at the US Army Aberdeen Proving Ground Fall Technology Expo International in Aberdeen, MD on October 19th. Meeting or exceeding most difficult Military Standards, DURABOOK computers are designed for demanding environments and can withstand the most hostile, toughest military applications. Whether in actual combat or preparing for it, these rugged devices offer power, performance and reliability to meet the needs of today’s military personnel. Below are the DURABOOK products that suit the needs of military users the best and will be featured at the expo: R8300 Fully Rugged Notebook Designed to withstand extremely harsh environments, the R8300 notebook meets a host of rugged certifications such as Military Standard 810G, 461F, IP65, ANSI ISA Standard 12.12.01, allowing it to be confidently used by army, navy and air force military forces. This fully rugged powerhouse features a 13.3” TFT LCD display with sunlight readability and is equipped with Intel 6th generation Skylake processor and DDR4 system memory for unsurpassed performance. It comes with quick-release HDD-storage capability, 9 hours of battery life (with an optional hot-swappable second battery pack for up to 16 hours of operation with both packs), TPM2.0 advanced security protection, Wi-Fi and Bluetooth connectivity, GPS module, and more. The R8300 is covered by DURABOOK’s Peace of Mind (POM) warranty for three years. R11 Fully Rugged Tablet The R11 rugged tablet gives military personnel the portability they need to get the job done, whether at the office, in-vehicle, or in the field. The R11 is the lightest and thinnest rugged tablet PC in its class at only 2.73 pounds including battery. Featuring an optional detachable keyboard, the R11 easily becomes a 2-in-1 that can work as a laptop and offer a high-performance, complete mobile computing solution. The R11 comes with a powerful 5th generation Intel Broadwell Core™ processor and features an 11.6” TFT LCD capacitive touch display. The R11 functions for up to seven hours (optional extended battery pack provides up to 14 hours of operation), includes an M2-SATA SSD, microSD card slot, full HD camera, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, enhanced CAC Reader (Smart Card Reader), and standard security features. It is certified to stringent MIL-STD-810G, MIL-STD-461F, ANSI ISA Standard 12.12.01, and IP65 specifications, and is covered by DURABOOK’s Peace of Mind (POM) warranty for three years. S15AB Rugged Notebook An Honorable Mention recipient in the 2015 CRN Test Center’s “2015 Products of the Year” listing, the S15AB is the lightest and thinnest 15.6” rugged notebook on the market. The unit features a generous 15.6” LCD display with full high-definition resolution (1920x1080 resolution); Intel’s 5th generation Broadwell U series CPU; up to 16GB of memory; and the popular built-in DURABOOK toughness. It comes with a capacitive touch pad with L/R buttons to support multi-finger tracking and gestures; an integrated web camera with microphone; a built-in SD card reader, and support for SDXC cards; and a Smart Card reader that allows the card to be fully inserted. With its variety of security systems, the DURABOOK S15AB is ideal for many military applications. SA14 Rugged Notebook The built-tough and rugged DURABOOK SA14 notebook has been updated to better serve the needs of military professions that require ultimate portability and versatility. Updates include a choice from four Intel 6th generation Skylake turbo processors; a graphics package featuring Intel HD Graphics 520; greater system memory; enhanced wireless/communications capability; added interface options; the inclusion of Microsoft Windows 10 operating system; a three-year warranty period, and more. The SA14 features 14.0” HD LCD Touchscreen, 2.5” 9.5mm SATA HDD storage with exclusive HDD quick-release feature, a 2.0MP webcam, and special stealth mode with optional night-vision mode setting. It meets the MIL-STD- 810G and IP53 standards for drop, vibration, dust and water resistance. Availability The DURABOOK R11, S15AB, S14A, and R8300 are available through authorized resellers nationwide and at www.GammaTechUSA.com. All DURABOOK computers may be customized for unique customer requirements. About GammaTech Computer Corporation GammaTech is a leader in the design, manufacture and sales of cost-effective, high-performance mobile computing solutions throughout North America. Its award-winning line of rugged and hardened notebook and tablet computers are designed and built-to-order to increase mobile productivity for business, government, healthcare, fire, public safety and a host of other entities. GammaTech offers a complete portfolio of products that delivers power and performance needed in the most demanding work environments, resulting in increased productivity and accelerated return on investment. GammaTech is headquartered in Fremont, California, which provides the final assembly, inventory, service and technical support. For more information, visit GammaTech at www.GammaTechUSA.com. On Site Contact: Patrick Brennan Business Development Manager GammaTech Computer Corporation Cell: 510-760-1889 Patrickb@gammatechusa.com Media Contact: Rita Lee Copernio Tel. 714-891-3660 GammaTech@copernio.com Contact Information GammaTech Computer Corporation Rita Lee 714-891-3660 Contact www.gammatechusa.com Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from GammaTech Computer Corporation Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Satya Nadella hits Sydney and channels Steve O'Ballmer from eight years ago Is that your television? Or a zero client running a virtual desktop? SpectraLogic SLACSS off to speed HPC archiving Qumulo bangs out new software, Apollo server support Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Gone in 70 seconds: Linux can be owned by holding Enter key If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Navy STEALS? US sailors dispute piracy claim Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets Twitter rolls out troll controls DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed More like this Fpga Azure Bing Data Center Cloud Microsoft boffins: Who needs Intel CPUs when you've got FPGAs? Bing searches get speed boost from Catapult integration 17 Oct 2016 at 20:02, Shaun Nichols Shaun Nichols Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Ios, Apple, Fcc, Microsoft, Google Recent Articles Yahoo! hides! from! financial! analysts! amid! email! hacking!, privacy! storm! NFL is No Fondleslab League: Top coach says he'd rather use pen and paper than Surface tab Samsung airport exchange Microsoft hooks up reprogrammable chips directly to its data centers' internal networks to ramp up the performance of its web applications. The Windows giant is so impressed by the tech, it reckons the customizable hardware could eventually take on more computational work than the Intel workhorse processors that today fill its servers. This comes as Google signals its intention to run non-Intel CPUs in its data centers. In a research paper titled A Cloud-Scale Acceleration Architecture, Microsoft describes how mainlining field-programmable gate arrays straight into its network boosts the performance of Bing search query returns and other services. The paper appeared online today, and will be published by the IEEE Computer Society's 49th symposium on microarchitectures, which kicked off on Saturday. FPGAs are reprogrammable chips that are chock full of decision-making circuits that can be linked together to form an application in silicon: think of the arrays as a box of Lego bricks that you can assemble as needed to build a new thing. Rather than create toy space stations and pirate ships, though, you're crafting specialized hardware that can crunch data at high speed, ideally far faster than software running on a generic processor. Microsoft has been exploring the use of FPGAs since 2010 with its Project Catapult effort. Last month, it went public with its use of the Intel Altera FPGA chips in its Azure cloud. The logic arrays sit on a daughter board within their host servers together with their own RAM. The boards are connected to the host CPUs by a PCIe gen-3 interface. They are also wired directly into a nearby switch using a 40Gbps QSFP link and pass packets to and from the network to the host server's traditional NIC. Thus, the FPGA acts an accelerator, directly manipulating data as it flows in and out of the machine. Microsoft's design essentially moves the FPGA into the direct path of incoming requests and outgoing data, which saves having to shunt data from the NIC to the FPGA and back again over an internal system bus. The arrays can handle tasks all by themselves in silicon, or pass information to the host Intel x86 processors to operate on if needed and potentially perform additional manipulations on the data while in transit. For example, the FPGAs can encrypt and decrypt data on the fly before it hits the app running on the box. The basic outline of the FPGA-CPU-network design ... Source: Microsoft The result, says Microsoft, has been a decrease in latency for all of the cloud services using the design. "By enabling the FPGA to talk directly to the network switch, each FPGA can communicate directly with every other FPGA in the datacenter, over the network, without any CPU software," Microsoft researchers write in their paper. "This flexibility enables ganging together groups of FPGAs into service pools." By doing this with the Bing web search data centers, Microsoft researchers found that the servers were able to handle higher loads of search queries more quickly, and with the need for fewer machines. We're told that the FPGA-accelerated design has been "deployed at hyperscale in Microsoft’s production data centers worldwide." The Redmond researchers believe that the integration of FPGAs can have similar results with other cloud computing platforms, whether they be web applications or local cloud tasks such as software-defined networking. "With the Configurable Clouds design, reconfigurable logic becomes a first-class resource in the datacenter, and over time may even be running more computational work than the data center's CPUs," Microsoft concludes. For what it's worth, Intel is working on x86 Xeon processors with builtin FPGAs. ® Sponsored: 10 Reasons LinuxONE is the best choice for Linux workloads Tips and corrections 39 Comments More from The Register Intel is shipping an ARM-based FPGA. Repeat, Intel is shipping an ARM-based FPGA Nobody tell Linux, okay? 30 Comments Here's what an Intel Broadwell Xeon with a built-in FPGA looks like Pic Writing code is so 2013 – you wanna write some hardware instead 35 Comments AMD patent filing hints at FPGA plans in the pipeline Plots response to Intel's Altera acquisition In brave new 5G world, data centres are pizza boxes... or football fields OPFVN 2016 Software, software, software... some hardware 4 Comments UEFA's Euro 2016 app is airing football fans’ privates in public Offside! Lack of encryption bares usernames, passwords and more 2 Comments Intel completes epic $16.7bn Altera swallow, fills self with vitamin IoT Chipzilla likely desperate to dump ailing PC market 30 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Solving the right problem in the datacentre This white paper discusses the limitations of traditional cloud and virtualisation management. Securing Productivity in the Borderless Enterprise Before you transform your business with mobility services, you need to consider both the management and security challenges you’ll face from the combination of mobile devices and cloud-based apps. Email security guide The security industry has provided large businesses with effective email security solutions for many years. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Spotlight Will the roulette ball fall for WANdisco's spiel? Speaking in Tech: Worst OpenStack summit ever? VMware do we go from here? Speaking in Tech: 'Healthy friction' among vendors at Cloud Foundry Speaking in Tech: Public cloud 'explodes'. Oh yeah? Show your sources Iguazio: Made from Kia parts but faster than a Ferrari with 1,000 drivers Fire alarm sparked data centre meltdown emergency Weka.IO – a stealthy startup swimming against the tide Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
null
null
null
null
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Intel Corp. Earnings: What to Expect From the Chip Giant on Tuesday The financial results should hold very few surprises, thanks to a mid-quarter guidance update. Anders Bylund (TMFZahrim) Oct 17, 2016 at 9:01AM Image source: Getty Images. On Tuesday night, computer chip giant Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) is set to report results for the third quarter of fiscal year 2016. Management likes to keep investors in the loop on what to expect from these updates, so we're not likely to see any huge surprises. Here's the lay of the land according to Intel's latest guidance announcements: Data Point Q3 2015 Result Q3 2016 Original Guidance (Midpoint) Q3 2016 Updated Guidance (Midpoint) Revenue $14.5 billion $14.9 billion $15.6 billion GAAP gross margin 63% 60% 62% GAAP operating expenses $4.8 billion $5.1 billion $5.2 billion GAAP earnings per share $0.64 $0.60 $0.72 Data source: Intel's investor relations. Guidance updates from Intel in the middle of a quarter used to be rare, but the company has done several of them in recent years. This time, management explained that the PC supply chain is refilling depleted inventories to prepare for a potentially busy end of the year. Both consumers and enterprise computing shops seem poised for a strong holiday season and year-end budget purges, potentially putting an end to several years of declining PC systems demand. Boosted by this rosy market view, the new guidance points to roughly 8% year-over-year sales growth and 12% higher earnings. Other companies in the PC supply chain have reinforced Intel's positive view, with improving demand reported by hard-drive makers and memory chip specialists. In other news, this will be Intel's first earnings report under newly appointed CFO Bob Swan. Longtime financial chief Stacy Smith has taken on a different role at the company, more involved in sales and manufacturing operations. Smith's title was shouldered by equally inveterate eBay (NASDAQ:EBAY) CFO Bob Swan as of Oct. 10. Both Smith and Swan are highly experienced professionals, so the CFO transition is hardly any cause for alarm. That being said, the earnings call will take a new direction. Smith has a history of fielding lots of questions in these post-earnings phone conferences, often handling a larger query load than CEO Brian Krzanich. Swan certainly took an active part in eBay's calls, but most of the Q&A action was handled by eBay's and PayPal's CEOs. So all things considered, we Intel investors can look forward to solid year-over-year growth along the lines of the updated guidance figures, along with an increased amount of commentary by Krzanich. Anders Bylund owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends eBay. The Motley Fool also recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Anders Bylund (TMFZahrim) Anders Bylund is a Foolish Technology and Entertainment Specialist. Where the two markets intersect, you'll find his wheelhouse. He has been an official Fool since 2006 but a jester all his life. Hypoallergenic. Contains six flavors not found in nature. Believes in coyotes and time as an abstract. Follow Anders on Twitter, LinkedIn, and Google+. Article Info Oct 17, 2016 at 9:01AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.91 up $0.43 (1.25%) eBay NASDAQ:EBAY $28.49 up $0.60 (2.15%) Read More Which of These Companies Could Buy InvenSense? Intel Corporation Needs to Hustle on 10-Nanometer Server Chips Better Buy: Micron Technology, Inc. vs. Intel Corp. Could Intel's Latest AI Partnership Hurt Ambarella? 3 Ways Intel Corporation Has Changed in 3 Years Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Free Subscription See the Current Issue Archived Issues Articles White Papers Products News Blogs 5-Minute Interviews Part Search Submit News and Products Automotive Industrial Industrial Hardware Industrial Software Industrial Networking Sensors and Control Human Interface Test & Measurement Smart Energy IoT Development Kit Selector Hardware Boards Sensors Systems Development Kit Selector Dev Tools and OS RTOS Virtualization Processing DSP IP Microcontroller Programmable Logic SoC …More Networking Cloud Storage Security DIY Development Kit Selector Medical Military PLUS: Embedded TechCon Ray Zinn: Lessons from a Leader List of Authors RSS Reference Designs Dev Kit Selector Newsletters Embedded Daily IoT Design Weekly Embedded Europe E-newsletter Automotive Embedded Systems Monthly E-Letter Webcasts E-Letter COMMELL unveiled LE-37I 3.5-inch SBC based on Skylake-H processors COMMELL - Leave a Comment COMMELL, the worldwide leader of Industrial Single Board Computers, unveiled LE-37I 3.5-inch single board computer based on Intel(r) 6th generation "Skylake-H" Core(tm) processor family. Taiwan Commate Computer Inc.(COMMELL), the worldwide leader of Industrial Single Board Computers, unveiled LE-37I 3.5-inch single board computer (SBC) based on Intel® 6th generation "Skylake-H" Core™ processor family. The "Skylake-H" 6th generation Intel® Core™ i7/i5/i3 processors, that will come with increased boosted CPU and GPU frequencies at the expense of higher power consumption. The LE-37I 3.5-inch SBC will be comprised of Core™ i3-6100E 2.7GHz with 2 CPU cores and 35 Watt TDP, i5-6440EQ Tubbo Boost up to 3.4GHz with 4 CPU cores and 45 Watt TDP, i7-6822EQ Tubbo Boost up to 2.8GHz with 4 CPU cores and 25 Watt TDP (25W TDP this brings its low power-consumption that allows to be built into embedded systems with fanless configurations). The LE-37I SBC is designed for the 6th generation Intel® Core™ H-series processors in the FCBGA1440 and accompany with Intel® QM170 Chipset. DDR4 memory is supported up to a total of 16GB( DDR4 SO-DIMM 2133 MHz), The SBC is based on Intel® HD530 Graphics( 9th Gen. integrated HD graphics) that provides high-end media and graphics capabilities for devices that display videos, 2D/3D graphics and interactive content. In addition, The LE-37I supports up to three independent displays port with 4K resolution (CRT,LVDS, DVI, HDMI and one DP) to provide its advanced solutions for imaging, machine vision and infotainment applications. LE-37I offers lots of features including high-speed data transfer interfaces such as 4 x USB3.0 and 2 x SATAIII, equipped with dual Gigabit Ethernet Intel® I210 and I219-LM (iAMT 11.0 support), and comes with PS/2 port, 5 x RS232 and 1 x RS232/422/485, 4 x USB2.0, Realtek High Definition Audio, 1 x SMBUS, 1 x LPC, 1 x GPIO, 2 x MiniPCIe (support mSATA), 1 x SIM slot. The operating voltage of LE-37I is from 9V to 24V DC that is ideal for vehicle computer applications. About COMMELL COMMELL is a leading supplier of Single Board Computers and focuses on developing the most advanced and reliable IPC products. In addition to promise our customers constantly stay ahead of this competitive business, we are always in search of disruptive & incremental sustaining innovation. We treat every of our customer as partner and provide the best services and total support. The combination of innovation, superior quality, and excellent services will ensure both Taiwan Commate Computer Inc., and our customers always have the competitive edge in the computer world. For further information about COMMELL is available at www.commell.com.tw Topics covered in this article industrial Advertisement Embedded Computing Design Articles White Papers Products News Blogs 5-Minute Interviews Part Search © MMXVI Embedded Computing Design An OpenSystems Media publication. Home Archived Issues About Advertise Submit an Article Submit News and Products Privacy Policy Contact Last updated: Fri, 11 Nov 2016 17:31:13 +0000
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse This Week's Dow Earnings: Big Expectations For Goldman Sachs, Intel, UnitedHealth Nelson Hem , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} October 17, 2016 6:40am   Comments Share: Related GS The Republican Sweep Changes Everything For Morgan Stanley's Large-Cap Bank Thesis Here's What Some Top CEOs Are Saying About President-Elect Donald Trump Market Mixed On Upbeat Economic Data; Oil Surges (Investor's Business Daily) Related INTC 3 Stocks To Own Under President Trump Big Tech Is Leading The Stock Market Higher Today L.A. Auto Show 2016: News, Interviews, Videos, New Car Models (Investor's Business Daily) More than a third of the Dow Jones Industrials are on deck to report quarterly results this week. Wall Street expectations are particularly high for leading tech and financial giants. Only a few of these companies are expected to post shrinking earnings. The third-quarter earnings reporting season is in full swing, and most of the Dow Jones Industrial Average components are expected to share their latest results over the next two weeks. This week alone brings us reports for 11 of the 30 Dow members, and the Wall Street expectations are highest for Goldman Sachs Group Inc (NYSE: GS), Intel Corporation (NASDAQ: INTC) and UnitedHealth Group Inc (NYSE: UNH). The consensus analysts' forecasts call for double-digit growth in earnings and solid revenue results from all three. Some of Goldman's peers have already posted better-than-expected results, and Intel raised its revenue guidance during the quarter. But note that UnitedHealth recently was accused of price gouging on prescription drugs. Below is a quick look at what is expected from these three reports, as well as a peek at a few other Dow components that also are on tap to share their quarterly results this week. Goldman Sachs The third-quarter profit of this New York-based financial giant is anticipated to have risen more than 23 percent from a year ago to $3.79 per share, according to Wall Street analysts. The consensus of 79 Estimize respondents has earnings coming in at $3.93 per share. Note that both Wall Street and Estimize underestimated earnings in the previous quarter. In Tuesday morning's report, analysts are looking for $7.42 billion in revenue for the three months that ended in September, a little less than the $7.60 billion that Estimize predicts. Either forecast is more than 8 percent higher than the revenue reported a year ago, but also less than the $7.93 million reported for the second quarter. See also: False Hope: The Street Believed Twitter & Salesforce Rumors For Too Long Intel In its report after Tuesday's closing bell, this leading semiconductor maker is expected to say that it had EPS of $0.73 in its third quarter, according to Estimize. That would be up from a profit of $0.64 per share a year ago. The Wall Street consensus estimate is $0.72 per share, though the analysts, like Estimize, have underestimated EPS in the past few quarters. Estimize narrowly overestimated revenue in the previous quarter, and this time the 193 respondents are looking for $15.56 billion. The Wall Street estimate is essentially the same, and both forecasts are a little less than the midpoint of Intel's guidance range. In the same period of last year, the company reported $14.46 billion in revenue. UnitedHealth The consensus Wall Street forecast calls for this Minnesota-based health plan provider to post third-quarter EPS of $2.08 (up $0.31 from in the same period of last year) and for revenue to have risen around 11 percent to $46.09 billion in the period. Note that UnitedHealth topped expectations on both the top and bottom lines back in the second quarter. Estimize is a bit more optimistic, with the consensus of 15 respondents pegging EPS at $2.10, and revenue of $46.19 billion is expected for the three months that ended in September. Estimize also underestimated the results back in the second quarter. UnitedHealth is scheduled to share its latest results before Tuesday's trading session begins. And Others Also this week, the consensus forecasts call for per-share earnings at Dow members General Electric, Johnson & Johnson, McDonald's and Microsoft to be higher than a year ago. Note that McDonald's is the only one that analysts predict will also have declining revenues. On the other hand, the consensus forecasts call for EPS at American Express, IBM, Travelers and Verizon to be smaller than a year ago. The following week, look for reports from Apple, Boeing, Caterpillar, Chevron, Coca-Cola, DuPont, Exxon Mobil, Merck, Procter & Gamble, 3M, United Technologies and Visa, as well as many others not included in the Dow Jones Industrial Average. Keep up with all the latest breaking news and trading ideas by following Benzinga on Twitter. Posted-In: Goldman Sachs Intel UnitedHealthEarnings News Previews Top Stories Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (INTC + GS) The Republican Sweep Changes Everything For Morgan Stanley's Large-Cap Bank Thesis Here's What Some Top CEOs Are Saying About President-Elect Donald Trump Exclusive: Mona El Isa And The Google Of Blockchain Technical Alert: Goldman Sachs Higher For Fifth Day In A Row The Past And Future Of Quant Investing Go Head To Head In London 10 Biggest Price Target Changes For Thursday View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Benzinga Sign up for email alerts on GS Trending Recent 1 DGII, DVAX: 18 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 NUGT, JNUG: Where Is Gold Headed When Interest Rates Start Rising? 3 GRUB, ZNGA: From A(mazon) To Z(ynga): Loop Capital Breaks Down... 4 NVDA: Nvidia's Big Win: Post-Earnings Sell-Side... 5 SHIP, ESEA: 20 Stocks Moving In Tuesday's P... 6 TSLA, NVDA: Vetr Crowd Downgrades NVID... 7 DVAX: Dynavax Shares Plunge... 1 DCIX, EQY: 15 Biggest Mid-Day Gainers For Tuesday 2 SAEX, HMNY: DryShips Squeeze Continues, Other Stocks Could Be Following Suit 3 CVS, WMT: Here's Every Analyst Rating And Price Target On... 4 SYN, AAP: Mid-Day Market Update: Crude Oil Up Over 4%;... 5 Sugar Futures Sharply Lower 6 CRBP: A Rebuttal To The Bear Thesis On Corbus P... 7 GOOGL, GOOG: Pro: Tech Investors Looking To... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Barron's Big Money Poll: The Bulls Rule 14 Stocks Which Plummeted Three Days On Increasing Volume
Volg ons op: APS Nieuwsmanager login | Cision Communication Cloud™ login | English Home Diensten Verstuur direct een persbericht De media bereiken? Nieuwswaardige content creëren? Media-aandacht monitoren en analyseren Workshops & events Inspiratie Gepubliceerde persberichten Hoe schrijf je een effectief persbericht Verhalen van klanten Over ons Over ANP Pers Support Waarom kies jíj voor ANP Pers Support? Reacties van klanten Vacatures Contact Maak een afspraak Persbericht laten beoordelen Persbericht versturen Home/ Persberichten/ Supermicro® Exhibits All-Flash NVMe and 3U/6U MicroBlade(TM) and IoT Solutions at GITEX 2016 Supermicro® Exhibits All-Flash NVMe and 3U/6U MicroBlade(TM) and IoT Solutions at GITEX 2016 maandag 17 oktober 2016 07:07 Economie Dit is een origineel bericht van PR Newswire Latest Technology and Architecture Innovations Include 1U 10 NVMe All-Flash System, High Density Blade and Embedded IoT Solutions Optimized for New Enterprise, Cloud and HPC Infrastructure DUBAI, United Arab Emirates, Oct. 17, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Super Micro Computer, Inc. , a global leader in compute, storage, and networking technologies and green IT is exhibiting its latest NVMe optimized server and storage solutions this week at GITEX 2016 in booth SR-M9, DUBAI WORLD TRADE CENTRE. Supermicro's all-NVMe flash 1U Ultra SuperServer® 1028U-TN10RT+ supports ten NVMe SSDs with the industry's first-to-the-market true hot-plug capability for enterprise mission-critical RAS applications. These Supermicro VSAN ready nodes are ideal for customers looking to create a simple solution to deploy and manage blazing fast hyper-converged clusters with high-availability storage that is targeted for high-performance database and big data analytics applications that demand a high degree of compatibility, reliability and serviceability. For even higher density all-NVMe flash systems, Supermicro offers a 2U SuperServer that support 24 hot-swap NVMe SSDs and another that supports 48 hot-swap NVMe SSDs. The company has also introduced a new high-availability 2U dual-node system with support for 20 dual-port NVMe SSDs. "As the market leader in hot-plug NVMe all-flash server and storage technology, Supermicro provides enterprise, cloud, storage and IoT customers with the very latest advancements in server, storage and networking technologies to enhance their competitiveness and help ensure future success," said Charles Liang, President and CEO of Supermicro. "Our latest 1U ten hot-swap NVMe drive SuperServers and 2U simple double product line are optimized for data intensive workloads and Virtual SAN applications to deliver extreme performance, density and scalability surpassing the demands of Tier One mission-critical applications. These new offerings expand our broad portfolio of solutions and leverage the most advanced compute and storage technologies available on the market." Exhibits also include the industry's most advanced 6U/3U MicroBlade and Embedded IoT products. Additional products featured include UP motherboards supporting the Intel® Xeon® processor E5-2600/1600 v4/v3 product families, Intel® Xeon® processor E3-1200 v5 product family, Intel® Xeon® E3-1500 v5 family, Intel® Xeon® processor D-1500 product family, 6th Generation Intel® Core(TM) i7/i5/i3 processor families, and Intel® Atom(TM) processor family. Supermicro GITEX 2016 Exhibits -- 1U 10 All-Flash NVMe Virtual SAN Ready Node (SYS-1028U-VSNF Series) - 10 hot-swap 2.5" NVMe SSDs, dual Intel® Xeon® E5-2670 v3 processors, 384GB DDR4 in 24 DIMMs, 16GB SLC SATADOM, and quad 10GbE ports -- 1U Short-Depth (9.8" depth) SuperServer® (SYS-5018D-FN4T [https://www.supermicro.com/products/system/1u/5018/SYS-5018D-FN4T.cfm] / SYS-5018D-FN8T [https://www.supermicro.com/products/system/1u/5018/SYS-5018D-FN8T.cfm]) compact, space-efficient design with front I/O - FN4T SKU supports single Intel® Xeon® processor D-1541 (8-Core, 45W), -FN8T SKU supports single Intel® Xeon® processor D-1518 (4-Core, 35W), 1x M.2 PCI-E 3.0 x4, M Key 2242/2280 slot, up to 128GB ECC RDIMM DDR4 2400MHz, dual 10GbE LAN and Intel® i350-AM2, dual port GbE LAN (FN4T), 6x port GbE LAN (FN8T) -- UP Motherboards - X10SDV series supports compact low-power high-performance Intel® Xeon® processor D-1500 family; X10SRM-TF [https://www.supermicro.com/products/motherboard/Xeon/C600/X10SRM-TF.cfm ] compact micro-ATX supports Intel® Xeon® processor E5-2600 v4 family; X11SSZ-TLN4F [https://www.supermicro.com/products/motherboard/Xeon/C236_C232/X11SSZ-T LN4F.cfm], X11SAE-F [https://www.supermicro.com/products/motherboard/Xeon/C236_C232/X11SAE-F .cfm] support Intel® Xeon® processor E3-1200 v5, 6th generation Intel® Core(TM) i7/i5/i3, Intel® Pentium® and Intel® Celeron®; the X11SSQ [https://www.supermicro.com/products/motherboard/Core/Q170/X11SSQ.cfm], X11SSV-Q [https://www.supermicro.com/products/motherboard/Core/Q170/X11SSV-Q.cfm] support Intel® 6th Gen. Core(TM) i7/i5/i3 series, Intel® Pentium® and Intel® Celeron® processors; X11SBA-LN4F [https://www.supermicro.com/products/motherboard/X11/X11SBA-LN4F.cfm] mini-ITX supports Intel® Pentium® processor N3700 (6W) -- 3U/6U MicroBlade [https://www.supermicro.com/products/nfo/MicroBlade.cfm]- designed with superior advantages over other industry-standard architectures with all-in-one total solution, ultra high density and low power consumption, best performance per watt and per dollar, high scalability, and the best ease of service. The MicroBlade enclosure can incorporate a Chassis Management Module, and up to two 10G, 2.5G or 1GbE SDN switches in 3U or up to two Chassis Management Modules, and up to 4 SDN Switches in 6U for efficient, high-bandwidth communications. It can incorporate up to 4 or 8 redundant (N+1 or N+N) 2000W/1600W Titanium/Platinum Level high-efficiency (96%+) power supplies with cooling fans. For more information on Supermicro's complete range of high performance, high-efficiency Server, Storage and Networking solutions, please visit www.supermicro.com [http://www.supermicro.com/]. Follow Supermicro on Facebook [https://www.facebook.com/Supermicro] and Twitter [https://twitter.com/Supermicro_SMCI] to receive their latest news and announcements. About Super Micro Computer, Inc. Supermicro® , the leading innovator in high-performance, high-efficiency server technology is a premier provider of advanced server Building Block Solutions® for Data Center, Cloud Computing, Enterprise IT, Hadoop/Big Data, HPC and Embedded Systems worldwide. Supermicro is committed to protecting the environment through its "We Keep IT Green®" initiative and provides customers with the most energy-efficient, environmentally-friendly solutions available on the market. Supermicro, Building Block Solutions and We Keep IT Green are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of Super Micro Computer, Inc. Intel is a registered trademark of Intel Corporation in the United States and other countries. All other brands, names and trademarks are the property of their respective owners. SMCI-F Super Micro Computer, Inc. CONTACT: Michael Kalodrich, Super Micro Computer, Inc.,michaelk@supermicro.com Web site: http://www.supermicro.com/ PR Newswire Dit persbericht is via ANP Pers Support naar internationale (vak en online) media gestuurd. Heb je nieuws voor buitenlandse journalisten? Bekijk dan onze mogelijkheden of neem contact met ons op. Andere persberichten van deze organisatie 2016 Global Terrorism Index: 650% Increase in Deaths from Terrorism Amongst OECD Member Countries woensdag 16 november 2016 06:01 Kepware Brings Industrial Automation Data to the Enterprise with KEPServerEX® Version 6 dinsdag 15 november 2016 15:05 New Arena Verify Adds Collaborative Requirements And Defect Tracking To Create All-in-one Product Development Platform dinsdag 15 november 2016 15:02 AccorHotels Trusts Travelsify Hotel DNA Data to Power Personalization dinsdag 15 november 2016 11:02 Verstuur nu éénmalig een persbericht Verstuur persberichten en beeldmateriaal naar redacties in binnen- en buitenland. Via het ANP-net, het internationale medianetwerk van PR Newswire of met een perslijst op maat. Direct persbericht versturen Onze services De media bereiken? Plaats persbericht rechtstreeks op het ANP-medianetwerk Verstuur persbericht naar internationale persagentschappen Verstuur persbericht naar vak- en/of lokale media Persfoto plaatsen op het ANP-fotonet Stel zelf je (inter)nationale perslijsten samen Zet je evenement of persuitnodiging op de ANP Nieuwsagenda Stel multimedia-content beschikbaar aan redacties en websites Tarievenkaart 2016 Nieuwswaardige content creëren? Laat je persbericht opstellen door een professionele tekstschrijver Laat je persbericht controleren door een nieuwsprofessional Regel een persfotograaf voor journalistiek beeldmateriaal Genereer media-aandacht met een videopersbericht Benut de kracht van infographics Animatie laten maken Ideeën opdoen? Actuele persberichten die via ons netwerk zijn verstuurd Hoe schrijf je een effectief persbericht Hoe andere communicatieprof's ANP Pers Support inzetten Workshops en events Onze blogs over het snijvlak van PR en media Zien of je nieuws is opgepakt? Media-aandacht monitoren en analyseren Ontvang onze nieuwsbrief Blijf op de hoogte en schrijf je in. APS Direct Login Home Diensten Inspiratie Over ons Contact ANP Pers Support is onderdeel van ANP en PR Newswire
Mittwoch, 16.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»SUPER MICRO COMPUTER AKTIE»Supermicro® Exhibits All-Flash NVMe and 3U/6U MicroBlade' and IoT Solutions at GITEX 2016 SUPER MICRO COMPUTER INC 23,682  Euro +0,326 +1,40 % WKN: A0MKJF  ISIN: US86800U1043 Ticker-Symbol: MS5  Frankfurt | 15.11.16 | 19:00 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Aktie: BrancheHardware AktienmarktS&P SmallCap 600 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 23,69 24,168 15.11. 23,72 24,12 07:44 17.10.2016 | 07:06 (5 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) PR Newswire·Mehr Nachrichten von PR Newswire Supermicro® Exhibits All-Flash NVMe and 3U/6U MicroBlade' and IoT Solutions at GITEX 2016 Latest Technology and Architecture Innovations Include 1U 10 NVMe All-Flash System, High Density Blade and Embedded IoT Solutions Optimized for New Enterprise, Cloud and HPC Infrastructure DUBAI, United Arab Emirates, Oct. 17, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Super Micro Computer, Inc. (NASDAQ: SMCI), a global leader in compute, storage, and networking technologies and green IT is exhibiting its latest NVMe optimized server and storage solutions this week at GITEX 2016 in booth SR-M9, DUBAI WORLD TRADE CENTRE. Supermicro's all-NVMe flash 1U Ultra SuperServer® 1028U-TN10RT+ supports ten NVMe SSDs with the industry's first-to-the-market true hot-plug capability for enterprise mission-critical RAS applications. These Supermicro VSAN ready nodes are ideal for customers looking to create a simple solution to deploy and manage blazing fast hyper-converged clusters with high-availability storage that is targeted for high-performance database and big data analytics applications that demand a high degree of compatibility, reliability and serviceability. For even higher density all-NVMe flash systems, Supermicro offers a 2U SuperServer that support 24 hot-swap NVMe SSDs and another that supports 48 hot-swap NVMe SSDs. The company has also introduced a new high-availability 2U dual-node system with support for 20 dual-port NVMe SSDs. "As the market leader in hot-plug NVMe all-flash server and storage technology, Supermicro provides enterprise, cloud, storage and IoT customers with the very latest advancements in server, storage and networking technologies to enhance their competitiveness and help ensure future success," said Charles Liang, President and CEO of Supermicro. "Our latest 1U ten hot-swap NVMe drive SuperServers and 2U simple double product line are optimized for data intensive workloads and Virtual SAN applications to deliver extreme performance, density and scalability surpassing the demands of Tier One mission-critical applications. These new offerings expand our broad portfolio of solutions and leverage the most advanced compute and storage technologies available on the market." Exhibits also include the industry's most advanced 6U/3U MicroBlade and Embedded IoT products. Additional products featured include UP motherboards supporting the Intel® Xeon® processor E5-2600/1600 v4/v3 product families, Intel® Xeon® processor E3-1200 v5 product family, Intel® Xeon® E3-1500 v5 family, Intel® Xeon® processor D-1500 product family, 6th Generation Intel® Core' i7/i5/i3 processor families, and Intel® Atom' processor family. Supermicro GITEX 2016 Exhibits 1U 10 All-Flash NVMe Virtual SAN Ready Node (SYS-1028U-VSNF Series) - 10 hot-swap 2.5" NVMe SSDs, dual Intel® Xeon® E5-2670 v3 processors, 384GB DDR4 in 24 DIMMs, 16GB SLC SATADOM, and quad 10GbE ports 1U Short-Depth (9.8" depth) SuperServer® (SYS-5018D-FN4T/SYS-5018D-FN8T) compact, space-efficient design with front I/O - FN4T SKU supports single Intel® Xeon® processor D-1541 (8-Core, 45W), -FN8T SKU supports single Intel® Xeon® processor D-1518 (4-Core, 35W), 1x M.2 PCI-E 3.0 x4, M Key 2242/2280 slot, up to 128GB ECC RDIMM DDR4 2400MHz, dual 10GbE LAN and Intel® i350-AM2, dual port GbE LAN (FN4T), 6x port GbE LAN (FN8T) UP Motherboards - X10SDV series supports compact low-power high-performance Intel® Xeon® processor D-1500 family;X10SRM-TFcompact micro-ATX supports Intel® Xeon® processor E5-2600 v4 family;X11SSZ-TLN4F,X11SAE-F support Intel® Xeon® processor E3-1200 v5, 6th generation Intel® Core' i7/i5/i3, Intel® Pentium® and Intel® Celeron®; theX11SSQ,X11SSV-Qsupport Intel® 6th Gen. Core' i7/i5/i3 series, Intel® Pentium® and Intel® Celeron® processors;X11SBA-LN4Fmini-ITX supports Intel® Pentium® processor N3700 (6W) 3U/6UMicroBlade- designed with superior advantages over other industry-standard architectures with all-in-one total solution, ultra high density and low power consumption, best performance per watt and per dollar, high scalability, and the best ease of service. The MicroBlade enclosure can incorporate a Chassis Management Module, and up to two 10G, 2.5G or 1GbE SDN switches in 3U or up to two Chassis Management Modules, and up to 4 SDN Switches in 6U for efficient, high-bandwidth communications. It can incorporate up to 4 or 8 redundant (N+1 or N+N) 2000W/1600W Titanium/Platinum Level high-efficiency (96%+) power supplies with cooling fans. For more information on Supermicro's complete range of high performance, high-efficiency Server, Storage and Networking solutions, please visit www.supermicro.com. Follow Supermicro on Facebook and Twitter to receive their latest news and announcements. About Super Micro Computer, Inc. (NASDAQ: SMCI) Supermicro® (NASDAQ: SMCI), the leading innovator in high-performance, high-efficiency server technology is a premier provider of advanced server Building Block Solutions® for Data Center, Cloud Computing, Enterprise IT, Hadoop/Big Data, HPC and Embedded Systems worldwide. Supermicro is committed to protecting the environment through its "We Keep IT Green®" initiative and provides customers with the most energy-efficient, environmentally-friendly solutions available on the market. Supermicro, Building Block Solutions and We Keep IT Green are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of Super Micro Computer, Inc. Intel is a registered trademark of Intel Corporation in the United States and other countries. All other brands, names and trademarks are the property of their respective owners. SMCI-F © 2016 PR Newswire Nachrichten zu SUPER MICRO COMPUTER INC Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten Mo Supermicro enthüllt auf der SC16 neue BigTwin-Serverarchitektur und hebt besonders die jüngsten HPC-Server- und Speicherlösungen hervor Pascal SXM2/PCIe GPU mit hoher Rechen- und Speicherdichte und Xeon Phi-Prozessor-Plattformen sind für HPC- und Deep-Learning-Anwendungen optimiert Salt Lake City (ots/PRNewswire) - Super Micro Computer... ► Artikel lesen Mo Supermicro Unveils New BigTwin' Server Architecture and Highlights Latest HPC Server and Storage Solutions at SC16 High-density Pascal SXM2/PCIe GPU and Xeon Phi' processor Platforms Optimized for HPC and Deep Learning Applications SALT LAKE CITY, Nov. 14, 2016 /PRNewswire/ --Super... ► Artikel lesen Mo Research and Markets - Global Intelligent Platform Management Interface (IPMI) Market Value of USD 3.10 Billion by 2022 - Trends, Technologies & Opportunities Report 2016-2022 - Vendors: Intel, NEC, Super Micro Computer DUBLIN, Nov 14, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Intelligent Platform Management Interface (IPMI) Market by Component (Hardware: Baseboard Management... ► Artikel lesen 07.11. Super Micro Computer, Inc. - 10-Q, Quaterly Report ► Artikel lesen 04.11. Super Micro Computer Has Returned 20.3% Since SmarTrend Recommendation ► Artikel lesen Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
null
null
null
null
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Security > Virus alerts FLASH SALE: VDownloader      50% OFF! Hajime IoT Worm Considerably More Sophisticated than Mirai GO New threat surfaces on the IoT landscape Oct 18, 2016 22:30 GMT  ·  By Catalin Cimpanu  ·  Share:  Security researchers have discovered a new IoT worm that appears to share behavior with the more popular Mirai IoT malware, but which is far more sophisticated than the latter. Because Mirai is the Japanese word for "future," they named this new variation Hajime, the Japanese word for "beginning." Responsible for Hajime's discovery are Sam Edwards and Ioannis Profetis, security researchers for Rapidity Networks. Researchers discovered Hajime while searching for Mirai In a technical report on Hajime's activity released over the weekend, the two explain that they were drawn to investigate Mirai after they read that its author had released its source code online, for free. The two wanted to study both Mirai and how other hackers that now had access to its source code would end up using it. To gather intel on the Mirai botnets expected to pop up after the source code's release, they set up honeypot servers all over the world. On October 5, just three days after Mirai leaked online, the two discovered what appeared to be a Mirai infection, which at a closer look proved to be something new entirely. This is how the two discovered Hajime, an IoT worm that spreads the same way as Mirai, but appears to be something new entirely, despite some shared behavior. Hajime spreads on its own via brute-force attacks Researchers say that Hajime uses a three-stage infection mechanism, and self-propagates. Stage 0 occurs on an already infected system, from where Hajime starts to scan random IPv4 addresses. The worm launches a brute-force attack on port 23, trying to log in on the other end with a series of username and password combinations hardcoded in its source code. If the IP doesn't have port 23 open, or the brute-force attack fails, Hajime moves on to a new IP. In the case of a successful connection, Hajime will execute the following four commands: enable system shell sh /bin/busybox ECCHI These will allow the worm to tell if it infected a Linux-based system. According to Rapidity researchers, Hajime can target the following platforms: ARMv5, ARMv7, Intel x86-64, MIPS, and little-endian. Hajime uses a three-stage infection system At this point, the worm enters Stage 1, and it starts the download of a foreign binary, a 484-byte ELF program. ELFs are Linux binary files, similar to EXEs on Windows. The Hajime worm launches this binary, which has only one purpose, to open a connection to the attacker's server and write the bytes it receives to a new binary, launching it into execution when the data transfer finishes. Researchers say this Stage 2 binary uses the DHT protocol to connect to a P2P botnet, from where it downloads further payloads (binaries, modules) via the uTP protocol. Both DHT and uTP are backbone protocols for BitTorrent clients. Hajime is similar to many IoT malware families, but different Hajime's mode of operation outdoes Mirai's and seems to have borrowed many tricks from other IoT malware as well. Hajime uses DHT to connect to a P2P botnet, just like Rex; uses a list of built-in username & password combinations to brute-force random IPs and spread on its own, just like Mirai; and uses a multi-stage infection mechanism, just like NyaDrop. The difference is that Hajime is written in C, not Go (Rex), uses a P2P network, not a direct C&C server connection (Mirai), and works with a larger number of platforms, not just MIPS (NyaDrop). So at this stage, Hajime seems to have included the best parts of other IoT malware, and it is far more sophisticated than anything else seen targeting IoT devices today. Hajime targets IP cameras, DVRs and CCTV systems Based on the hardcoded credentials included in the worm's source code, Hajime targets routers, DVRs, and CCTV systems, just like Mirai and NyaDrop. More specifically, Hajime targets equipment manufactured by Dahua Technologies (a known offender), the ZTE Corporation, and various other companies to which XiongMai Technologies had sold white-label DVR systems. To avoid having equipment taken over by the Hajime worm, Rapidy Networks suggests three techniques to detect and mitigate infections: (1) block any UDP packet containing Hajime's key exchange message, (2) block TCP port 4636 used in Stage 1, and (3) block any traffic from Telnet sessions that execute the "/bin/busybox ECCHI" shell command. As for who's behind Hajime, the Rapidity researchers have a theory: "Analysis of the file timestamps shows that the author is most active between the hours of 15:00-23:00 UTC, with no activity from 00:00-05:00 UTC. This roughly fits the sleeping pattern of an individual in Europe." Furthermore, the team found evidence that work on Hajime started back in 2013, but that the worm was released in the wild only this past September. "While both Hajime and Mirai use an extremely similar attack pattern when spreading to new hosts, the actual scanning  and propagation logic appears to have been taken from qBot," Edwards and Profetis added. "If the above launch date estimate is correct [Mon, 26 Sep 2016 08:41:54 GMT], ​Hajime began operation a few days before the release of Mirai's source code, and is unlikely to contain any actual Mirai code." Username & password combos included in Hajime's source code   CHECK OUT THE GALLERY  (2 Images) #Hajime#Mirai#IoT malware#IoT worm#malware subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Photo Gallery (2 Images) 01 02 Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Mirai IoT DDoS Trojan Now Targets Cellular Network Equipment A New Linux Trojan Called NyaDrop Threatens the IoT Landscape 12-Year-Old SSH Bug Used to Relay Malicious Traffic via IoT Devices Akamai Post-Mortem Report Confirms Mirai as Source of Krebs DDoS Attacks Firefox 50.0 Officially Released for Linux, Mac and Windows, Here's What's New Some U.S. Android Phones Have Secret Backdoor That Sends Data to China Apple Insider Says iPhone 6 Plus Has a Major Bug, Company Should Start Recall Hackers Steal FIFA Currency, Buy Houses and Expensive Cars with the Money Microsoft Pledges to Completely Retire Office 2007 Next Year X.Org Server 1.19.0 Officially Released, Coming Soon to a Linux Distro Near You Red Hat Software Collections 2.3 and Red Hat Developer Toolset 6 Available Now Linux Kernel 4.4.32 LTS Adds Networking Improvements, Updated AMDGPU Drivers 2 photos    Researchers discover Hajime IoT worm Related Apps File Encryption XP: Encrypt files and folders by entering personal or randomly generated passwords using this intuitive and user-friendly application Malwarebytes Anti-Exploit: Straightforward application with intuitive options that provides a real-time safeguard against vulnerability exploits, catering to all user levels Firefox Password: Recover lost Firefox passwords and login information with this powerful application that uses dictionary, brute-force or mixed attacks to retrieve data Word Password: Retrieve passwords for Microsoft Word documents by using multiple recovery methods, with this handy and intuitive piece of software PowerPoint Password: Password recovery utility for Microsoft Powerpoint presentations, featuring three attack modes (dictionary, brute-force mask, brute-force charset) and plenty of configuration settings Project Password: Recover or remove your forgotten Microsoft Project passwords from MPP and MPT files with the help of this simple and useful utility Tor Browser: A familiar web browser carefully adjusted to allow you to safely visit your favorite pages while also keeping your identity hidden Reader comments Bug Bounty Hunter Launches Accidental DDoS Attack on 911 Systems via iOS Bug more on: DDoS i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2016 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Intel Sinks Despite Solid Earnings Beat By Chris Lange October 18, 2016 4:32 pm EST Print Email Tweet Intel Corp. (NASDAQ: INTC) reported third-quarter financial results after markets closed on Tuesday. Overall revenues increased by 9% from last year’s third quarter while net income rose 21%, even guidance was in line. However this was not enough for investors as they sent shares lower in the after-hours session. The company said that it had $0.80 in earnings per share (EPS) on $15.8 billion in revenue. Thomson Reuters consensus estimates were calling for $0.72 in EPS on $15.58 billion in revenue. The same period in the previous year had $0.66 in EPS on $14.46 billion in revenue. For its business segments the company reported: Client Computing Group revenue of $8.9 billion, up 21% sequentially and up 5% year over year. Data Center Group revenue of $4.5 billion, up 13% sequentially and up 10% from last year. Internet of Things Group revenue of $689 million, up 20% sequentially and up 19% year over year. Non-Volatile Memory Solutions Group revenue of $649 million, up 17% sequentially and down 1% year over year. Intel Security Group revenue of $537 million, flat sequentially and up 6% from last year. Programmable Solutions Group revenue of $425 million, down 9% sequentially. In terms of fourth quarter guidance, the company expects to see revenues of $15.7 billion, give or take $500 million. The consensus estimates are calling for $0.76 in EPS on $15.86 billion in revenue for the coming quarter. During the quarter, the company generated approximately $5.8 billion in cash from operations, paid dividends of $1.2 billion, and used $457 million to repurchase 13 million shares of stock. On the books, cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments totaled $8.02 billion at the end of the quarter, versus $17.99 billion at the end of 2015. Brian Krzanich, Intel CEO, commented: It was an outstanding quarter, and we set a number of new records across the business. In addition to strong financials, we delivered exciting new technologies while continuing to align our people and products to our strategy. We’re executing well, and these results show Intel’s continuing transformation to a company that powers the cloud and billions of smart, connected devices. Shares of Intel closed Tuesday up 1.2% at $37.75, with a consensus analyst price target of $40.65 and a 52-week trading range of $27.68 to $38.36. Following the release of the earnings report, the stock was initially down 3.7% at $36.35 in the after-hours trading session. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « Yahoo Releases Q3 Earnings Countries That Hate America the Most » Read more: Technology, Earnings, semiconductors, Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Worst Companies to Work For The Drunkest City in Each State Major Changes in Warren Buffett & Berkshire Hathaway Stocks: American Airlines, Delta, Kinder Morgan, Wal-Mart, BNY Mellon and More 50 Worst Cities to Live In Home Depot Black Friday Ad Now Available Recent Nokia, Teva Plunge into Tuesday’s 52-Week Low Club Verizon, Chevron Dominate DJIA Tuesday SEC Awards Whistleblower Over $20 Million Solar Plants Raise Local Temperatures Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Dick's Sporting Goods Inc. Fumbles -- Why Shares Fell Twitter's Executive Exodus Continues This Big Activist Investor Just Bought Shares of Twitter Gap names Teri List-Stoll as new finance chief Snapchat IPO could value company at $20 billion to $25 billion, go public in March: WSJ Snapchat files confidentially for IPO: WSJ New Highs for the Holidays? Big Economic Shifts Challenge Your Decision-Making Trustmark (TRMK) Inks Merger Deal with RB Bancorporation A $1 million bet: Anatomy of a high-end house flip Dow breaks below 18K, as China, Fed fears weigh Billionaires had a rough year in 2015 - relatively Dick's Sporting Goods Inc. Fumbles -- Why Shares Fell Twitter's Executive Exodus Continues This Big Activist Investor Just Bought Shares of Twitter Bernie Sanders Calls Out Donald Trump For Backpedaling On One Thing They Agreed On Facebook, Google Take Small Steps To Stop Spread Of Fake News Snapchat Files For IPO That Would Be Biggest In Years For Tech Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2016 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
PRLog XHome Login Latest News News By Location News By Industry News By Tag News By Date Business Profiles Pressrooms Get Feeds Get Alerted Journalist Account PRNewswire Distribution Search CIARA Unleashes the Largest Portfolio of Extreme Low Latency HFT Servers at FIA 2016 New technology and architecture innovations from CIARA, the ORION line of HFT optimized servers featuring high density and high core count accelerated technologies. CIARA ORION Model HF310-G3 Extreme Low Latency for HFT   Spread the Word: News By Tag: * Ciara * Hft * Intel By Industry: * FinanceCHICAGO - Oct. 18, 2016 - PRLog -- CIARA Technologies, a leading provider of enterprise servers and storage today announced the launch of their latest innovations in HFT architectures and technologies to be exhibited at FIA 2016, booth 204, at the HILTON CHICAGO. CIARA is showcasing the ORION HF310-G3, a 1U highly overclocked server running on Intel®Core™ processors and their highly anticipated ORION HF620D-G3, a 2U 2-node dual processor system built with CIARA's Turbo-Speed hardware acceleration technology. CIARA also announced support for the Intel® Xeon® processor E5-2689v4 and Intel®Core™ i7 6950X (code name Broadwell-EP and Broadwell-E) across all ORION HF servers. The ORION HF server line is designed for extreme low latency, high frequency and bandwidth. This server line combines a powerful set of features that enable financial services customers to implement a hardware-based solution where micro or nanoseconds are the measuring scales, without sacrificing enterprise-class quality, high density and energy savings maximization. "With our new generation of high frequency/low latency servers, we are revolutionizing the way trading firms and banks can improve their tick-to-trade and maximize their colocation infrastructure" stated Patrick Scateni, Vice President of Sales and Marketing at CIARA. "The key to who wins and who loses is based on the latency between digesting the market feed and placing the order; those who move the fastest are the ones who will profit and in the world of speed and ultra-low latency CIARA is the undisputed champion". CIARA's new ORION HF server line is unrivaled in the financial industry for the breadth and range of available configurations. Supporting the new Intel® Broadwell Processors family, the ORION HF's are now up to 60% faster on demanding workloads. These new 1U and 2U/2 node platforms deliver unparalleled performance for HFT applications by accelerating processing power and tuning BIOS/firmware to attain up to 25% lower latency (500 ns faster than the competition's 99% result) over competitive solutions while still maintaining high reliability as a primary design focus. CIARA ORION HF-G3 Portfolio: Intel® Core™ (single processor up to 10 cores) based systems ·ORION HF310-G3 – 1U overclocked HF Server ·ORION HF320-G3 – 2U overclocked HF Server ·ORION HF320D-G3 – 2U 2-node overclocked HF Server   (two independent hot-swap nodes) ·ORION HF330-G3 – 3U expandable HF Server Intel® Xeon® (dual processor 2600v4 up to 44 cores) based systems ·ORION HF620-G3 – 2U overclocked (Turbo-Speed acceleration technology)   HF Server ·ORION HF620D-G3 – 2U 2-node (Turbo-Speed acceleration technology)   HF Server (two independent hot-swap nodes) Products ship with tool-less rapid rail technology, have the latest generation remote management tools, are Linux and Windows compatible and have a warranty model tailored for customers in the financial sector (24/7 support after trading hours and during weekends). Rack and Stack engineering and worldwide logistics services for rapid rollout of multi-site solutions is available through CIARA or one of their authorized resellers. Media Contact Cynthia Ruffino CIARA Technologies Inc 514-758-9894 cruffino@hypertec.com End Source : Ciara Technologies » Follow Email : ***@hypertec.com Listed Under- Tags : Ciara, Hft, Intel Industry : Finance Location : Chicago - Illinois - United States Subject : Products A/C Email Vfyd: | A/C Phone Vfyd: Disclaimer   Report Abuse Trending BriskHeat Expands Product Offering with New Self-Regulating Heating Cable Line and Connection Kits Staybridge Suites Opens in Maryland Heights, Mo ImagineCare partnering with Illuminance to bring telehealth to Australia Peerless-AV® to Showcase Innovative Workplace Communication Solutions at CorpComm Expo 2016 Secureone Security Opens Secureone LiveScan Fingerprinting in Mesa, AZ Daily News Aftermath Services awards $5000 K9 Grant to Alamogordo Police Department - 595 views Seva Beauty celebrates grand opening of second Las Vegas-area location by helping March of Dimes - 319 views The Ken Blanchard Companies® Wins 2016 Top Workplaces Award - 246 views Power Design Earns Gold for Innovative Technology Partnership - 166 views HRO Today Announces Winners of 2016 Annual Awards EMEA - 158 views Weekly News President-elect Donald Trump Recognizes Homeschool Movement - 62207 views Detroit actor relishes role, respects his character in 'Wild Faith' - 3748 views Scienaptic: A new age analytics platform backed by Pramod Bhasin - 766 views John Deere Gearation Board Selected As Top Educational Toy of 2016 In The Goddard School's Toy Test - 537 views Beyond Tablet Honored with CES 2017 Innovation Award - 536 views PTC News Say YES to Year End Savings on Quick Move-In Lennar Homes Across Colorado - 311 views Fisher, Felton, Lloyd, Amell Top Celebrities At Wizard World New Orleans, January 6-8, 2017 - 218 views New Models Open at D'Andrea Tomorrow - 200 views PM&E Inc. Is Pleased To Announce a Purchase Order for an EVADA A4 Ambulance - 174 views Dexter Cast to Make First Ever Appearance Together At Wizard World Comic Con Cleveland, St. Louis - 152 views Mobile | Home | Latest Press Releases | Feeds | Get Alerts | Journalist Account | PR Newswire Distribution | Privacy | TOS | Contact | Copyright | About
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Gallery Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe             TRENDING ON BS #Demonetisation #TataVsMistry #TrumpAtWhiteHouse News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Reuters » News Yahoo profit beats as emerging businesses shine Yahoo profit beats estimates as emerging businesses shine Business Standard Intel's quarterly revenue beats estimates Reuters  October 19, 2016 Last Updated at 02:27 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2TISllP Copy tiny URL to save and share articles. ALSO READ Alibaba's revenue beats estimates; mobile revenue soars Intel's quarterly revenue rises 9.1 percent Time Inc's quarterly revenue misses estimates Web-hosting company GoDaddy's revenue beats estimates JPMorgan quarterly profit falls 7.6 pct but beats estimates (Reuters) - Intel Corp INTC.O reported a better-than-expected 9.1 percent rise in quarterly revenue, helped by improving PC demand and growth in its data centre and cloud businesses. The world's largest chipmaker said it expects fourth-quarter revenue to be $15.7 billion, plus or minus $500 million. Analysts on average were expecting revenue of $15.86 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Intel's shares were down 3.9 percent at $36.29 in after-hours trading on Tuesday. Revenue from the data centre business, which offers storage and cloud-based software services, rose 9.7 percent to $4.54 billion in the third quarter, from a year earlier. Demand for cloud-based services has been growing as more businesses shift to cloud-computing methods. Revenue from the company's traditional PC business, which still accounts for over half of Intel's total revenue, rose 4.5 percent to $8.89 billion. According to research firm IDC, global PC shipments fell by a smaller-than-expected 3.9 percent in the third quarter. (http://bit.ly/2dIkLfi) Excluding items, the company earned 80 cents per share, above analysts' average estimate of 73 cents. The company's net revenue rose to $15.78 billion from $14.47 billion, beating the average analyst estimate of $15.58 billion. Net income rose to $3.38 billion, or 69 cents per shares, in the third quarter ended Oct. 1, from $3.11 billion, or 64 cents per share, a year earlier. (http://bit.ly/2eeVLzW) Up to Tuesday's close, Intel's shares had risen 9.6 percent this year, lagging the 22.8 percent gain in the broader Philadelphia semiconductor index .SOX. (Reporting by Narottam Medhora and Rishika Sadam in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Intel's Quarterly Revenue Beats Estimates PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Punto Evo - With Cash Benefits upto ? 60,000. Know More. T&C Buy New Age Health Insurance with Added Benefits New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Fiat Linea - 125PS Power &TouchScreen Navigation System.T&C. Intelligent Retail of the Future Enjoy Free Stock Trading with Upstox Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Super Saver Health Insurance for Whole Family Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? Intel's quarterly revenue beats estimates (Reuters) - Intel Corp INTC.O reported a better-than-expected 9.1 percent rise in quarterly revenue, helped by improving PC demand and growth in its data centre and cloud businesses. (Reuters) - Intel Corp INTC.O reported a better-than-expected 9.1 percent rise in quarterly revenue, helped by improving PC demand and growth in its data centre and cloud businesses. The world's largest chipmaker said it expects fourth-quarter revenue to be $15.7 billion, plus or minus $500 million. Analysts on average were expecting revenue of $15.86 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Intel's shares were down 3.9 percent at $36.29 in after-hours trading on Tuesday. Revenue from the data centre business, which offers storage and cloud-based software services, rose 9.7 percent to $4.54 billion in the third quarter, from a year earlier. Demand for cloud-based services has been growing as more businesses shift to cloud-computing methods. Revenue from the company's traditional PC business, which still accounts for over half of Intel's total revenue, rose 4.5 percent to $8.89 billion. According to research firm IDC, global PC shipments fell by a smaller-than-expected 3.9 percent in the third quarter. (http://bit.ly/2dIkLfi) Excluding items, the company earned 80 cents per share, above analysts' average estimate of 73 cents. The company's net revenue rose to $15.78 billion from $14.47 billion, beating the average analyst estimate of $15.58 billion. Net income rose to $3.38 billion, or 69 cents per shares, in the third quarter ended Oct. 1, from $3.11 billion, or 64 cents per share, a year earlier. (http://bit.ly/2eeVLzW) Up to Tuesday's close, Intel's shares had risen 9.6 percent this year, lagging the 22.8 percent gain in the broader Philadelphia semiconductor index .SOX. (Reporting by Narottam Medhora and Rishika Sadam in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Intel's quarterly revenue beats estimates (Reuters) - Intel Corp INTC.O reported a better-than-expected 9.1 percent rise in quarterly revenue, helped by improving PC demand and growth in its data centre and cloud businesses. The world's largest chipmaker said it expects fourth-quarter revenue to be $15.7 billion, plus or minus $500 million. Analysts on average were expecting revenue of $15.86 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Intel's shares were down 3.9 percent at $36.29 in after-hours trading on Tuesday. Revenue from the data centre business, which offers storage and cloud-based software services, rose 9.7 percent to $4.54 billion in the third quarter, from a year earlier. Demand for cloud-based services has been growing as more businesses shift to cloud-computing methods. Revenue from the company's traditional PC business, which still accounts for over half of Intel's total revenue, rose 4.5 percent to $8.89 billion. According to research firm IDC, global PC shipments fell by a smaller-than-expected 3.9 percent in the third quarter. (http://bit.ly/2dIkLfi) Excluding items, the company earned 80 cents per share, above analysts' average estimate of 73 cents. The company's net revenue rose to $15.78 billion from $14.47 billion, beating the average analyst estimate of $15.58 billion. Net income rose to $3.38 billion, or 69 cents per shares, in the third quarter ended Oct. 1, from $3.11 billion, or 64 cents per share, a year earlier. (http://bit.ly/2eeVLzW) Up to Tuesday's close, Intel's shares had risen 9.6 percent this year, lagging the 22.8 percent gain in the broader Philadelphia semiconductor index .SOX. (Reporting by Narottam Medhora and Rishika Sadam in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2015 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Elections 2016 Assam Elections Kerala Elections Tamil Nadu Elections West Bengal Elections Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Gallery Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe             TRENDING ON BS #Demonetisation #TataVsMistry #TrumpAtWhiteHouse News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Reuters » News Wall Street climbs on earnings improvement Business Standard Intel's quarterly revenue rises 9.1 percent Reuters  October 19, 2016 Last Updated at 01:54 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2TISllL Copy tiny URL to save and share articles. ALSO READ Hotel chain Marriott's quarterly revenue rises 7.4 percent Data storage company SanDisk's quarterly revenue rises 2.5 percent Payment processor PayPal's quarterly revenue rises 19 percent Disney's second quarter revenue rises 4.1 percent IBM's quarterly revenue falls 4.6 percent (Reuters) - Intel Corp reported a 9.1 percent rise in quarterly revenue, helped by improving PC demand and growth in its data centre and cloud businesses. The world's largest chipmaker said net income rose to $3.38 billion, or 69 cents per shares, in the third quarter ended Oct 1, from $3.11 billion, or 64 cents per share, a year earlier. [] The company's net revenue rose to $15.78 billion from $14.47 billion. (http://bit.ly/2eeVLzW) (This story corrects paragraph three to say revenue rose to $15.78 billion, not $15.79 billion) (Reporting by Narottam Medhora and Rishika Sadam in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Intel's Quarterly Revenue Rises 9.1 Percent PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Punto Evo - With Cash Benefits upto ? 60,000. Know More. T&C Buy New Age Health Insurance with Added Benefits New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Fiat Linea - 125PS Power &TouchScreen Navigation System.T&C. Intelligent Retail of the Future Enjoy Free Stock Trading with Upstox Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Super Saver Health Insurance for Whole Family Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? Intel's quarterly revenue rises 9.1 percent (Reuters) - Intel Corp reported a 9.1 percent rise in quarterly revenue, helped by improving PC demand and growth in its data centre and cloud businesses. (Reuters) - Intel Corp reported a 9.1 percent rise in quarterly revenue, helped by improving PC demand and growth in its data centre and cloud businesses. The world's largest chipmaker said net income rose to $3.38 billion, or 69 cents per shares, in the third quarter ended Oct 1, from $3.11 billion, or 64 cents per share, a year earlier. [] The company's net revenue rose to $15.78 billion from $14.47 billion. (http://bit.ly/2eeVLzW) (This story corrects paragraph three to say revenue rose to $15.78 billion, not $15.79 billion) (Reporting by Narottam Medhora and Rishika Sadam in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Intel's quarterly revenue rises 9.1 percent (Reuters) - Intel Corp reported a 9.1 percent rise in quarterly revenue, helped by improving PC demand and growth in its data centre and cloud businesses. The world's largest chipmaker said net income rose to $3.38 billion, or 69 cents per shares, in the third quarter ended Oct 1, from $3.11 billion, or 64 cents per share, a year earlier. [] The company's net revenue rose to $15.78 billion from $14.47 billion. (http://bit.ly/2eeVLzW) (This story corrects paragraph three to say revenue rose to $15.78 billion, not $15.79 billion) (Reporting by Narottam Medhora and Rishika Sadam in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2015 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Elections 2016 Assam Elections Kerala Elections Tamil Nadu Elections West Bengal Elections Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Wed, Nov 16, 2016 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Business Technology Data Privacy Tech Tools All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Intel reports better-than-expected rise in revenue Improving PC demand and growth in cloud business boosts world’s largest chipmaker Tue, Oct 18, 2016, 22:54 Updated: Wed, Oct 19, 2016, 07:31 Intel’s headquarters in Santa Clara, California: the company has been helped by improving PC demand and growth in its data centre and cloud businesses. Photograph: David Paul Morris/Bloomberg         Intel Corp has reported a better-than-expected 9.1 per cent rise in quarterly revenue, helped by improving PC demand and growth in its data centre and cloud businesses. Intel’s shares were down 3.9 per cent at $36.29 in after-hours trading. Market sentiment was hit by Intel’s forecast of fourth-quarter revenue between $15.2 billion and $16.2 billion, raising the risk that the figure could come in below the median market estimate of $15.9 billion. Revenue from the data centre business, which offers storage and cloud-based software services, rose 9.7 per cent to $4.54 billion in the third quarter, from a year earlier. Demand for cloud-based services has been growing as more businesses shift to cloud-computing methods. Revenue from the company’s traditional PC business, which still accounts for over half of Intel’s total revenue, rose 4.5 per cent to $8.89 billion. According to research firm IDC, global PC shipments fell by a smaller-than-expected 3.9 per cent in the third quarter. Excluding items, the company earned 80 cents per share, above analysts’ average estimate of 73 cents. The company’s net revenue rose to $15.78 billion from $14.47 billion, beating the average analyst estimate of $15.58 billion. Net income at the world’s largest chipmaker rose to $3.38 billion, or 69 cents per share, in the third quarter ended October 1st, from $3.11 billion, or 64 cents per share, a year earlier. Up to Tuesday’s close, Intel’s shares had risen 9.6 per cent this year, lagging the 22.8 per cent gain in the broader Philadelphia semiconductor index. – Reuters       Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Transport & Tourism Easyjet may apply for Irish licence to ensure EU access Personal Finance The bond rout and Irish pension savers: what you need to be aware of International Gordon D’Arcy: All Blacks will be bitter, Ireland must be better Business Sensors help police curb gang violence in Cape Town Sponsored World-first tech restores mains electricity to Aran Islands Newbridge Silverware builds ambitious plan for US market My Jaguar F-Pace: ‘I was completely blown away’ Ten things to consider when buying a new sofa ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Latest Business Hines emerges as top bidder for student residence beside UCD 06:45 Bank of Ireland ‘will utilise any relaxation of mortgage rules’ 06:34 €700 per sq m rent for top D2 offices 06:30 Tourist industry urged to shift focus from UK to EU 06:08 London Briefing: Carney takes chance to get own back on MPs 06:06 ADVERTISEMENT Tech Tools Could sleep problems be a thing of the past with Sense? Tech Tools: ‘Sleep pills’ that aren’t, and a glowing orb that controls everything. Welcome to the future MacBook Pro gets overdue update Tech Tools: Touch Bar replaces function key in new model Review: Dyson 360 Eye – robot vacuum cleaner with hefty price Tech Tools: Dyson’s device can be controlled remotely via app and has 360-degree camera Review: PlayStation VR – immersive gaming within reach Sony’s virtual reality system requires add ons but offers ease, comfort and interaction Most Read in Business 1 London Briefing: Carney takes chance to get own back on MPs 2 Easyjet may apply for Irish licence to ensure EU access 3 UK group secures €22m profit on Irish Nationwide's Dublin HQ 4 Martin McGuinness says he was ‘in the dark’ over Project Eagle 5 & Other Stories to open on Grafton Street next month 6 Sorry millennials: Buying a home was just as hard for your parents 7 Bank of Ireland ‘will utilise any relaxation of mortgage rules’ 8 Laura Slattery: Media record is stained but it is Trump who is appalling 9 Brexit casts shadow over Irish retailers in run-up to Christmas 10 Global bond markets rebound as euro-dollar parity bets soar Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Web Log Mac App Store now facing strong competition San Francisco hosts world’s first convention for emoji fans Study links moderate Facebook use to living longer Web Log: Social media users ‘worn out’ by US politics chatter Weblog: Twitter messes with your timeline (again) Game Reviews Pokemon Go Review   Gotta catch ‘em all? Be prepared for the long haul Gordon Ramsay Dash   If you can’t stand the heat... Preview: EA’S UFC 2   Step into the Octagon Tearaway Unfolded   Big screen debut for Atoi & Co Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Dating Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe The ePaper eBooks Subscriber Rewards IT Sunday Email Newsletters Breaking news app My Account Newspaper Archive Crossword Club Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Wed 16/11/2016 News US Election Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Dating Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox My Account Manage your account The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
Financial Post Home National Post News Opinion Markets Investing Personal Finance FP Magazine Tech Executive Entrepreneur Midas Letter Subscribe Investing Investing Pro Global Investor Market Moves Trading Desk Buy & Sell ETFs Market Moves TrendingDonald Trump | Earnings | Real Estate | Marijuana | OPEC | Federal Reserve | Gold | Loonie Intel Corp’s quarterly revenue beats estimates with help from growing data centre and cloud business Reuters | October 18, 2016 5:51 PM ET More from Reuters Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Typo? More Comments Tumblr Pinterest Reddit Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon Intel Corp reported a better-than-expected 9.1 per cent rise in quarterly revenue, helped by improving PC demand and growth in its data centre and cloud businesses. The world’s largest chipmaker said it expects fourth-quarter revenue to be US$15.7 billion, plus or minus US$500 million. Analysts on average were expecting revenue of US$15.86 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Intel’s shares were down 3.9 per cent at US$36.29 in after-hours trading on Tuesday. Revenue from the data centre business, which offers storage and cloud-based software services, rose 9.7 per cent to US$4.54 billion in the third quarter, from a year earlier. Demand for cloud-based services has been growing as more businesses shift to cloud-computing methods. Revenue from the company’s traditional PC business, which still accounts for over half of Intel’s total revenue, rose 4.5 per cent to US$8.89 billion. According to research firm IDC, global PC shipments fell by a smaller-than-expected 3.9 per cent in the third quarter. Excluding items, the company earned 80 cents per share, above analysts’ average estimate of 73 cents. The company’s net revenue rose to US$15.78 billion from US$14.47 billion, beating the average analyst estimate of $15.58 billion. Net income rose to US$3.38 billion, or 69 cents per shares, in the third quarter ended Oct. 1, from US$3.11 billion, or 64 cents per share, a year earlier. Up to Tuesday’s close, Intel’s shares had risen 9.6 per cent this year, lagging the 22.8 per cent gain in the broader Philadelphia semiconductor index. © Thomson Reuters 2016 Find Financial Post on Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Typo? More Comments Tumblr Pinterest Reddit Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon Topics: FP Tech Desk, Market Moves, earnings, IBM Corp. Find a Story Stock Search Investing Videos Advertisement from Market One Media Business Trends Sponsored by Market One This story was created by Content Works, Postmedia's commercial content division, on behalf of Market One Media Group. Cuba’s future looks bright Advertisement from Market One This stories was provided by Market One for commercial purposes. How Reliq’s Technology is Poised to Improve the Healthcare Sector Advertisement from Market One This stories was provided by Market One for commercial purposes. Lithium demand powering ahead Advertisement from Market One This stories was provided by Market One for commercial purposes. Mining legend Lukas Lundin on his rules to success, 3 commodities he is bullish about and more Provided by Promoted by iShares by Blackrock Active Investor was produced by Postmedia's advertising department in collaboration with iShares by BlackRock to promote awareness of this topic for commercial purposes. Postmedia's editorial departments had no involvement in the creation of this content. Active Investor Modest Fed rate hike could be good news for Canadian stocks Canadian trade stuck in neutral Long-term social, political divisions await next U.S. president Promoted by Featured contributors Jonathan Ratner Investing Reporter/Producer Read Jonathan's recent articles John Shmuel Reporter Read John's recent articles Joe Chidley Columnist Read Joe's recent articles Martin Pelletier Columnist Read Martin's recent articles Our Partners Infomart The Province Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Classifieds Remembering Celebrating Classifieds Marketplace Workopolis FlyerCity Classifieds Self-Service Services Advertise with us Subscribe Subscriber Services ePaper Newsletters Site map Legal Privacy Terms Contact us Copyright & permissions Connect with Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn © 2016 National Post, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 23° | Max. 31° Air Quality: PSI 40-52 We set you thinking Wednesday 16 November 2016 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream China&India Nepal detains Tibetan refugees in crackdown as China's influence grows 1479230520 China&India Senior Pakistan official says to visit India, hints at detente 1479230640 World North Korea does not care who is president of United States 1479234660 Business Singapore startups win big at Global FinTech Hackcelerator 1479224760 World U.S. says war crimes probe of U.S. forces in Afghanistan unwarranted 1479256620 World France, UN tell Trump action on climate change unstoppable 1479242795 World Both sides accused of abuses in battle for Mosul 1479256306 Business New home sales jump to 15-month high in October 1479219600 Business Uncertain economy sees 1.9% decline in non-auto retail sales 1479216960 World Polls, Macron campaign launch throw French presidential election wide open 1479252061 World Syria's Assad: must wait and see if Trump lives up to promises to fight militants 1479252521 Business Snapchat files for one of the biggest tech IPOs in years: sources 1479252495 World Greek police fire teargas at protesters in Athens during Obama visit 1479232137 Business Exxon in negotiations with Chad over record $74 billion fine: Bloomberg 1479253043 World Air strikes pound rebel-held east Aleppo after weeks-long pause 1479245630 Singapore Police investigating protest held in solidarity with Malaysia’s Bersih 5.0 1479240060 Singapore Museum visitorship hit record 3.7 million in 2015 1479217860 Singapore Trade, green issues on the agenda for PM at Apec 1479240060 World Key Venezuela lawmakers step down in concession to government 1479251416 Business Exclusive: EU regulators seen clearing $25 billion Abbott, St Jude deal: source 1479250359 World Air strike targeting militants kills seven in southern Libya: official 1479250641 Business United to restrict low-fare flyers to one carry-on bag 1479250608 Business Wall Street rises, lifted by technology and energy stocks 1479247140 Singapore Programme lauded for helping special-needs children improve skills 1479223860 Singapore TODAY's morning briefing for Nov 16 1479247260 World Central American plan launched to fight gangs, curb migration 1479248485 Business Ford going ahead with moving small car production to Mexico: CEO 1479247289 World U.N. envoy urges Trump to back Syria 'devolution' to beat Islamic State 1479248371 World Russia uses aircraft carrier for big attack on Syrian rebels 1479249304 Business Oil rallies on output cut bets; tech, energy lead stocks up 1479242272 World 'I was forced to kill my best friend', former DRC child soldier says 1479242921 World Argentina shifts drug trafficking offensive to private ports 1479242696 World Ukraine's Poroshenko, Trump agree to meeting: Kiev 1479242349 World France's Fillon gains on Juppe for presidency nomination: poll 1479242160 World Turkish-backed rebels capture main town before IS-held al Bab 1479241781 World U.S. 'strongly condemns' resumption of Russian air strikes in Syria 1479241601 World Merkel to announce decision on fourth term at suitable time: spokesman 1479240251 World German domestic spy chief rejects Turkey's allegation it harbors PKK militants 1479239175 World Algeria's Bouteflika returns from medical check-up in France: state media 1479235789 Business SEC approves 'Hubble Telescope' for securities markets 1479245636 Business Republicans to U.S. securities regulator: Leave new rules to Trump 1479246976 World Russia says its missile strikes did not hit Aleppo: Ifax 1479236860 World U.S. to maintain commitment to allies in Asia, admiral says 1479242248 World Ex-minister Macron to run for French presidency: source 1479232894 Business Twitter to upgrade some features to thwart cyber-bullying 1479226117 World Cuba pardons 787 prisoners after pope's call for mercy 1479238988 World Kerry announces Yemen ceasefire over objections of government 1479238235 World Obama offers Greece solidarity on debt as police, protesters clash 1479234817 World Turkey says it's tired of 'two-faced' EU attitude 1479242010 World Assange questioned for second day at Ecuador's UK embassy over rape allegation 1479223641 Business Intel's results beat estimates; forecast disappoints The logo of Intel, the world's largest chipmaker is seen at their offices in Jerusalem. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 5:30 AM, October 19, 2016 Updated: 6:50 AM, October 19, 2016 Intel Corp <INTC.O> reported better-than-expected quarterly earnings and revenue, boosted by improving PC demand and growth in its data center and cloud businesses, but its revenue forecast for the current quarter disappointed Wall Street. The world's largest chipmaker's shares were down 5.3 percent at $35.75 in after-hours trading on Tuesday. Intel said it expects fourth-quarter revenue of $15.7 billion, plus or minus $500 million. Analysts on average were expecting $15.86 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. "This is below the average seasonal increase for the fourth quarter as we expect the worldwide PC supply chain to reduce their inventory," Executive Vice President Stacy Smith said on a conference call with analysts. Last month, Intel raised its third-quarter revenue forecast for the first time in more than two years, citing improving PC demand. The company's decision to raise third-quarter forecast moved investors' expectations to a higher level, Stifel Nicolaus analyst Kevin Cassidy said. Revenue from the data center business, which offers storage and cloud-based software services, rose 9.7 percent to $4.54 billion in the third quarter, from a year earlier. Revenue growth from this unit for the full year will likely be in the high single digits, Intel Chief Executive Brian Krzanich said on the call. Demand for cloud-based services has been growing as more businesses shift to cloud-computing methods. Intel, which has been hurt due to weak PC demand, said last month it was seeing signs of improvement among PC parts suppliers. According to research firm IDC, global PC shipments fell by a smaller-than-expected 3.9 percent in the third quarter. (http://bit.ly/2dIkLfi) Revenue from the company's traditional PC business, which still accounts for over half of Intel's total revenue, rose 4.5 percent to $8.89 billion. Excluding items, the company earned 80 cents per share, above analysts' average estimate of 73 cents. The company's net revenue rose 9.1 percent to $15.78 billion, beating the average analyst estimate of $15.58 billion. Net income rose to $3.38 billion, or 69 cents per shares, in the third quarter ended Oct. 1, from $3.11 billion, or 64 cents per share, a year earlier. (http://bit.ly/2eeVLzW) Up to Tuesday's close, Intel's shares had risen 9.6 percent this year, lagging the 22.8 percent gain in the broader Philadelphia semiconductor index <.SOX>. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Yum unit Taco Bell to have 8,000 U.S. outlets by end-2022 World debut: Jaguar unveils all-electric I-Pace SUV With 'change in the air', PM May asks business to help on economy While India plugs black money holes, Indians find leaks What’s most worrying about the current economic climate? What next for Singapore’s private housing market? Wells Fargo CEO says bank changing handling of whistleblower complaints Weatherford International CEO Bernard Duroc-Danner leaves Warren Buffett's Berkshire makes surprise U.S. airline bet Wall Street surges after Trump wins White House Inside Today World U.S. says war crimes probe of U.S. forces in Afghanistan unwarranted Both sides accused of abuses in battle for Mosul Syria's Assad: must wait and see if Trump lives up to promises to fight militants Polls, Macron campaign launch throw French presidential election wide open Key Venezuela lawmakers step down in concession to government Business Exxon in negotiations with Chad over record $74 billion fine: Bloomberg Snapchat files for one of the biggest tech IPOs in years: sources United to restrict low-fare flyers to one carry-on bag Exclusive: EU regulators seen clearing $25 billion Abbott, St Jude deal: source Ford going ahead with moving small car production to Mexico: CEO Sports Lions mean business ahead of Suzuki Cup Fiji Rugby Union upset by world awards snub China keen to host Rugby World Cup soon MCCY appoints FAS provisional council, with Lim as president Asean Super League set for Sept 2017 kick-off Entertainment Guns and stunts Vasantham Live concert to showcase local musicians, Tamil hits Doing it Lulu style PPAP singer to come to Singapore French rockers Trumps change name due to US election results About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2016 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Mittwoch, 16.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»INTEL AKTIE»ROUNDUP: Intel Q3 Profit Rises INTEL CORPORATION 32,451  Euro +0,501 +1,57 % WKN: 855681  ISIN: US4581401001 Ticker-Symbol: INL  Frankfurt | 15.11.16 | 19:00 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Aktie: BrancheHalbleiter AktienmarktNASDAQ-100 DJ Industrial S&P 100 S&P 500 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 32,412 32,787 15.11. 32,437 32,647 07:44 18.10.2016 | 23:35 (6 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) AFX News·Mehr Nachrichten von AFX News ROUNDUP: Intel Q3 Profit Rises SANTA CLARA (dpa-AFX) - Intel Corp. (INTC), the world's biggest chipmaker, Tuesday reported an increase in profit for the third quarter that also beat estimates, as revenues increased driven by data center and internet of things business. Santa Clara, California-based Intel's third-quarter profit rose to $3.38 billion or $0.69 per share from $3.11 billion or $0.64 per share last year. Adjusted earnings for the quarter were $0.80 per share. On average, 29 analysts polled by Thomson Reuters estimated earnings of $0.72 per share for the quarter. Intel's revenues for the quarter rose 9 percent to $15.78 billion from $14.47 billion last year. Analysts had a consensus revenue estimate of $15.58 billion for the quarter. Intel used to generates a chunk of its revenues by selling chips for computers, however, the company has been negatively impacted by slowing demand for PCs. The company also invested heavily to diversify its portfolio to include chips for smartphones and tablets, but, its chips are not so popular among smartphone and tablet makers. Meanwhile, Intel now focuses to transition away from being a computer-based company to a company that 'powers the cloud and billions of connected computing devices.' Intel sees data center and Internet of Things (IoT) businesses as its primary growth engines, which now contributed a significant chunk of revenues and operating profit, helping it mask negative effects from the PC segment. Client computing group revenues were up 5 percent to $8.93 billion, while data center segment revenues grew 10 percent to $4.5 billion and Internet of Things unit rose 19 percent to $689 million. 'In addition to strong financials, we delivered exciting new technologies while continuing to align our people and products to our strategy. We're executing well, and these results show Intel's continuing transformation to a company that powers the cloud and billions of smart, connected devices,' said Brian Krzanich. Looking forward to the fourth quarter, Intel expects revenues of $15.7 billion, plus or minus $500 million. Analysts currently estimate revenues of $15.86 billion. INTC closed Wednesday's trading at $37.75, up $0.46 or 1.23%, on the Nasdaq. The stock, however, slipped $1.46 or 3.87% in the after-hours trade. Copyright RTT News/dpa-AFX © 2016 AFX News Nachrichten zu INTEL CORPORATION Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten 00:51 "The Intel Of Your Generation is Nvidia!' Screams Cramer ► Artikel lesen Di Intel announces $250 million for autonomous driving tech ► Artikel lesen Di Intel to invest over $250M in autonomous driving ► Artikel lesen Di Intel Is Making a Major Investment in Autonomous Vehicles ► Artikel lesen Di Intel Earmarks $250 Million To Fund Startups Working on Automated Vehicle Tech ► Artikel lesen Firmen im Artikel 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart INTEL CORPORATION Unternehmen / Aktien Kurs % INTEL CORPORATION 32,451 +1,57 % Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Streetwise Economy International Industry News Small Business Commentary Careers Magazine U.S. Europe Asia Pacific Latin America Africa & Mideast Home» Report on Business» International Business» U.S. Business The logo of Intel is seen during the annual Computex computer exhibition in Taipei. (© Tyrone Siu / Reuters) The logo of Intel is seen during the annual Computex computer exhibition in Taipei. (© Tyrone Siu / Reuters) Intel’s quarterly revenue beats estimates Add to ... Reuters Published Tuesday, Oct. 18, 2016 4:33PM EDT Last updated Tuesday, Oct. 18, 2016 5:01PM EDT Comments AA Intel Corp reported a better-than-expected 9.1 per cent rise in quarterly revenue, helped by improving PC demand and growth in its data centre and cloud businesses. The world’s largest chipmaker said it expects fourth-quarter revenue to be $15.7-billion, plus or minus $500 million. Analysts on average were expecting revenue of $15.86-billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Intel’s shares were down 3.9 per cent at $36.29 in after-hours trading on Tuesday. Revenue from the data centre business, which offers storage and cloud-based software services, rose 9.7 per cent to $4.54-billion in the third quarter, from a year earlier. Demand for cloud-based services has been growing as more businesses shift to cloud-computing methods. Revenue from the company’s traditional PC business, which still accounts for over half of Intel’s total revenue, rose 4.5 per cent to $8.89-billion. According to research firm IDC, global PC shipments fell by a smaller-than-expected 3.9 per cent in the third quarter. Excluding items, the company earned 80 cents per share, above analysts’ average estimate of 73 cents. The company’s net revenue rose to $15.78-billion from $14.47-billion, beating the average analyst estimate of $15.58-billion. Net income rose to $3.38-billion, or 69 cents per shares, in the third quarter ended Oct. 1, from $3.11-billion, or 64 cents per share, a year earlier. Up to Tuesday’s close, Intel’s shares had risen 9.6 per cent this year, lagging the 22.8 per cent gain in the broader Philadelphia semiconductor index. Report Typo/Error   INTC-QIntel Corp Latest Price$34.91 0.00 (0.00%) Updated November 15 4:15 PM EST. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. More Related to this Story Intel, Amazon back Ontario tech firm Thalmic Labs with key funding Intel hikes third-quarter revenue forecast as PC market improves Teva, Intel to develop wearable technology for Huntington’s disease Topics Technology Intel Corporation Comments AA Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} In the know Real Estate Toronto propels house prices to new record Life Leslie Beck: How to cut ultraprocessed foods from your diet Life Five reasons to never do crunches again Life Ten tips for coaxing the best flavours from your slow cooker Globe Investor Why blue-chip financial firms are sweetening the deal for preferred shares The Globe Recommends {{title}} Most popular videos » News Bernie Sanders 'deeply humiliated,' wants "profound change" in Democratic Party News Who is Melania Trump? News Bill Murray crashes the White House briefing room, takes questions from reporters Life Video: Celebrity chef Anthony Bourdain offers his best dinner party tips News Obama on Trump: 'Reality has a way of asserting itself' News Donald Trump a 'bump in the road' in climate fight: David Suzuki News Cows rescued after being stranded in New Zealand quake Arts "Star Wars" exhibition comes to London Report on Business How do robo-advisers benefit millennials? News The history behind Soldiers' Tower at the University of Toronto Technology Mexican scientist builds device that turns urine into biogas Life B.C. fisherman lands three-metre-long sturgeon ◀ ● ● ● ▶ Highlights Report on Business Squeeze put on Vancouver’s industrial space Sports How Sean Foley can be your own personal golf coach for a year More from The Globe and Mail Report on Business Adam Zimmerman: Noranda executive was a fervent nationalist Life Leonard Cohen predicted death, wanted simple, traditional funeral Most popular Trump staff shake-up slows transition to near halt Trump’s transition team faces setbacks after departure of Mike Rogers West Virginia mayor quits over response to racist post about Michelle Obama Bad faith, bad form, in B.C. school politics Racist post about Michelle Obama causes backlash X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2016 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 444 Front St. W., Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5V 2S9 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. x Customize your reading font XS S M L XL The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog
Intel's quarterly revenue beats estimates | Reuters - Firstpost CriticalPoint Just how did Donald Trump with the US elections? Firstpost. Wednesday, November 16, 2016 |Latest E-book DidYouKnow All you need to know about the new Rs 500 notes Front Page Politics Rahul Gandhi granted bail in RSS defamation case, is 'happy to be fighting for Gandhian principles' Indelible ink for cash swap: An idea that has come too late and reminds one of war-time rationing Parliament LIVE: Congress in Rajya Sabha terms demonetisation 'financial anarchy' Demonetisation: Actual long-term solution for black money is abolishing personal income tax Winter Session begins: Why Narendra Modi will find it tough to face politics of demonetisation Demonetisation: Who's in Mamata Banerjee's coalition of Opposition forces? Sports Qatar World Cup 2022 organisers to allow international inspections on labour conditions World Cup qualifiers: Marcello Lippi's China ambitions gets reality check; Australia toil hard for 2-2 draw Australia vs South Africa: Listless hosts in danger of unprecedented Test whitewash at home ISL 2016: With semis spot on the line, Mumbai City FC in no mood to let up against FC Goa Pakistan's Mohammad Amir could reach 2010-era glory, if he beats the weight of expectations Lionel Messi leads Argentina’s press boycott against scribe’s marijuana claim against teammate India Indelible ink for cash swap: An idea that has come too late and reminds one of war-time rationing Demonetisation LIVE: Banks to put indelible ink on right index finger of customers China-Pakistan Economic Corridor: 'Highway of Terror' turns operational at last Narendra Modi, Mohan Bhagwat only see women as India's mothers or daughters and little more Kashmir unrest: Local policeman killed in gunfight in Baramulla district Demonetisation: Actual long-term solution for black money is abolishing personal income tax World Pakistan orders over 100 Turkish teachers to leave country ahead of President Erdogan's visit Legal glitches may postpone Brexit by two years Iraqi forces recaptured a third of east Mosul from Islamic State: Interior ministry official Donald Trump asked to cancel Stephen Bannon's appointment as chief strategist Scientists fear the worst under Donald Trump presidency Donald Trump continues to hold consultations on selecting cabinet members Business Demonetisation: Why experts bet that cash crunch will not impact rupee-dollar rate Tata-Mistry tussle: Will Bombay House use mere legalities to oust Nusli Wadia? Budget 2017: After demonetisation, a carrot by way of banking transaction tax on 1 Feb? Food prices help ease October retail inflation to 4.20% Tata Global Beverages removes Cyrus Mistry as chairman Cyrus Mistry rebuts Tata Sons charges; lists high jet, PR costs Life Supermoon lights up night sky as the world looks up to gaze at the unique celestial event Guru Nanak Jayanti: Life and teachings of the founder of Sikh order pertain to today's world This Children’s Day, gift your kid freedom to dream Carbon emissions from burning fossil fuels still too high to save climate: Report Entertainment Bigg Boss 10 Episode 30, 15th November 2016 Written Update: Manveer and Rohan have a massive fight Shah Rukh Khan to have a cameo in Tubelight? Kabir Khan keeps us guessing Achcham Yenbadhu Madamaiyada star Manjima Mohan: 'Nayanthara is my role model' Ranveer Singh on his character from Befikre: 'I'm a little more traditional in relationships' Celebrating Kamal Haasan: How the actor became bigger than his medium Watch: The Ghost in the Shell trailer has too many white people to be set in Japan Photos Videos Demonitisation News Tech2 Faking News You are here: Latest News › Fwire News Intel's quarterly revenue beats estimates | Reuters Reuters  Updated: Oct 19, 2016 02:45 IST #corrections   #facebook   #follow-reuters   #reuters-news   #Thomson Reuters   #twitter-follow   Intel Corp INTC.O reported a better-than-expected 9.1 percent rise in quarterly revenue, helped by improving PC demand and growth in its data centre and cloud businesses.The world's largest chipmaker said it expects fourth-quarter revenue to be $15.7 billion, plus or minus $500 million. Analysts on average were expecting revenue of $15.86 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.Intel's shares were down 3.9 percent at $36.29 in after-hours trading on Tuesday.Revenue from the data centre business, which offers storage and cloud-based software services, rose 9.7 percent to $4.54 billion in the third quarter, from a year earlier.Demand for cloud-based services has been growing as more businesses shift to cloud-computing methods. Revenue from the company's traditional PC business, which still accounts for over half of Intel's total revenue, rose 4.5 percent to $8.89 billion.According to research firm IDC, global PC shipments fell by a smaller-than-expected 3.9 percent in the third quarter. (bit.ly/2dIkLfi)Excluding items, the company earned 80 cents per share, above analysts' average estimate of 73 cents. The company's net revenue rose to $15.78 billion from $14.47 billion, beating the average analyst estimate of $15.58 billion.Net income rose to $3.38 billion, or 69 cents per shares, in the third quarter ended Oct. 1, from $3.11 billion, or 64 cents per share, a year earlier. (bit.ly/2eeVLzW) Up to Tuesday's close, Intel's shares had risen 9.6 percent this year, lagging the 22.8 percent gain in the broader Philadelphia semiconductor index .SOX. (Reporting by Narottam Medhora and Rishika Sadam in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel) This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed. First Published On : Oct 19, 2016 02:45 IST Related News Polls, Macron campaign launch throw French presidential election wide open | Reuters Corrected - Polls, Macron campaign launch throw French presidential election wide open | Reuters U.S. says war crimes probe of U.S. forces in Afghanistan unwarranted | Reuters Three Minnesota men sentenced for support of Islamic State | Reuters Comment using Disqus Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.Show Comments Top Stories Modi govt bans Zakir Naik's NGO Islamic Research Foundation for 5 years India Vs England 2nd Test: Indian Spinners in Firing Line Against Confident England - News18 Parliament LIVE: Congress in Rajya Sabha terms demonetisation 'financial anarchy' OnePlus launches OnePlus 3T with Snapdragon 821, 6GB RAM; adds 128GB storage option Will India continue to be a good investment bet in 2017? - Moneycontrol Ranveer Singh on his character from Befikre: 'I'm a little more traditional in relationships' Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 ZIM Vs SL Sri Lanka beat Zimbabwe by 8 wickets South Africa in Australia, 3 Test Series, 2016 AUS Vs SA South Africa beat Australia by an innings and 80 runs England in India, 5 Test Series, 2016 IND Vs ENG India drew with England Papua New Guinea in Hong Kong, 3 ODI Series, 2016 HK Vs PNG Hong Kong beat Papua New Guinea by 7 wickets (D/L method) Sri Lanka in Zimbabwe, 2 Test Series, 2016 ZIM Vs SL Sri Lanka beat Zimbabwe by 257 runs Papua New Guinea in Hong Kong, 3 ODI Series, 2016 HK Vs PNG Papua New Guinea beat Hong Kong by 14 runs Papua New Guinea in Hong Kong, 3 ODI Series, 2016 HK Vs PNG Hong Kong beat Papua New Guinea by 106 runs South Africa in Australia, 3 Test Series, 2016 AUS Vs SA South Africa beat Australia by 177 runs Pakistan and West Indies in UAE, 3 Test Series, 2016 PAK Vs WI West Indies beat Pakistan by 5 wickets New Zealand in India, 5 ODI Series, 2016 IND Vs NZ India beat New Zealand by 190 runs Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 SL vs WI - Nov 16th, 2016, 01:00 PM IST Pakistan in New Zealand, 2 Test Series, 2016 NZ vs PAK - Nov 17th, 2016, 03:00 AM IST England in India, 5 Test Series, 2016 IND vs ENG - Nov 17th, 2016, 09:30 AM IST Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 ZIM vs WI - Nov 19th, 2016, 01:00 PM IST Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 ZIM vs SL - Nov 21st, 2016, 01:00 PM IST Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 SL vs WI - Nov 23rd, 2016, 01:00 PM IST South Africa in Australia, 3 Test Series, 2016 AUS vs SA - Nov 24th, 2016, 09:00 AM IST Pakistan in New Zealand, 2 Test Series, 2016 NZ vs PAK - Nov 25th, 2016, 03:00 AM IST Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 ZIM vs WI - Nov 25th, 2016, 01:00 PM IST England in India, 5 Test Series, 2016 IND vs ENG - Nov 26th, 2016, 09:30 AM IST MORE STORIES FROM Reuters Oil prices soar 6 percent on renewed hopes of OPEC output deal | Reuters Deaths by firearms reach record highs in Mexico - study | Reuters Asia shares win reprieve as bond rout pauses for now | Reuters Polls, Macron campaign launch throw French presidential election wide open | Reuters Trump rewards loyalty, considers economic picks as he molds Cabinet | Reuters View more site index About FirstpostNewsletterRSSTwitterFacebook Verticals Front PageIndiaPoliticsWorldBusinessLifeBollywoodSportsTech Plus New DelhiMumbaiPhotosFP ExclusivesCartoonsVideo RoomeBooksBudget 2014Weather Others Sample Papers OnlineBusiness Technology NewsMTV IndiaOnline Shopping in IndiaThink IndiaISL 2016Worksheet for KidsUS Election 2016 Tools RSS Feeds AppsiOSAndroidWindows Copyright © 2016 Firstpost - All rights reserved Terms of use Privacy
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Intel's results beat estimates; forecast disappoints News TV Premier Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Technology Intel's results beat estimates; forecast disappoints Intel Corp reported better-than-expected quarterly earnings and revenue, boosted by improving PC demand and growth in its data centre and cloud businesses, but its revenue forecast for the current quarter disappointed Wall Street. Posted 19 Oct 2016 04:10 Updated 19 Oct 2016 06:50 Intel's logo on PC's are pictured at Tokyo Game Show 2016 in Chiba, east of Tokyo, Japan, September 15, 2016. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon/File Photo Enlarge Caption  Email More A A REUTERS: Intel Corp reported better-than-expected quarterly earnings and revenue, boosted by improving PC demand and growth in its data centre and cloud businesses, but its revenue forecast for the current quarter disappointed Wall Street. The world's largest chipmaker's shares were down 5.3 percent at US$35.75 in after-hours trading on Tuesday. Intel said it expects fourth-quarter revenue of US$15.7 billion, plus or minus US$500 million. Analysts on average were expecting US$15.86 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. "This is below the average seasonal increase for the fourth quarter as we expect the worldwide PC supply chain to reduce their inventory," Executive Vice President Stacy Smith said on a conference call with analysts. Last month, Intel raised its third-quarter revenue forecast for the first time in more than two years, citing improving PC demand. The company's decision to raise third-quarter forecast moved investors' expectations to a higher level, Stifel Nicolaus analyst Kevin Cassidy said. Revenue from the data centre business, which offers storage and cloud-based software services, rose 9.7 percent to US$4.54 billion in the third quarter, from a year earlier. Revenue growth from this unit for the full year will likely be in the high single digits, Intel Chief Executive Brian Krzanich said on the call. Demand for cloud-based services has been growing as more businesses shift to cloud-computing methods. Intel, which has been hurt due to weak PC demand, said last month it was seeing signs of improvement among PC parts suppliers. According to research firm IDC, global PC shipments fell by a smaller-than-expected 3.9 percent in the third quarter. (http://bit.ly/2dIkLfi) Revenue from the company's traditional PC business, which still accounts for over half of Intel's total revenue, rose 4.5 percent to US$8.89 billion. Excluding items, the company earned 80 cents per share, above analysts' average estimate of 73 cents. The company's net revenue rose 9.1 percent to US$15.78 billion, beating the average analyst estimate of US$15.58 billion. Net income rose to US$3.38 billion, or 69 cents per shares, in the third quarter ended Oct. 1, from US$3.11 billion, or 64 cents per share, a year earlier. (http://bit.ly/2eeVLzW) Up to Tuesday's close, Intel's shares had risen 9.6 percent this year, lagging the 22.8 percent gain in the broader Philadelphia semiconductor index . (Reporting by Rishika Sadam and Nayyar Rasheed in Bengaluru. Additional reporting by Narottam Medhora; Editing by Maju Samuel) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2016 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top

Latest News Dow 18,923 +54.37 +0.29% Nasdaq 5,276 +57.23 +1.10% S&P 500 2,180 +16.19 +0.75% 1:12 A.M. ET Australia wage growth falls to record low 1:09 A.M. ET Dollar’s march higher takes a break as investors wonder if it’s gone too far 12:51 A.M. ET Violent Protests Break Out in Athens as Obama Visits 11/15 Updated Asian stocks peek higher, led by financials 11/15 Walgreens says Theranos voided 11.3% of its customers’ blood tests 11/15 Henry Louis Gates Discusses Ideological Divides Among Black Americans 11/15 Want a cheaper fare on United? It’ll cost you the overhead bin 11/15 Updated Warren Buffett loves four airline stocks, but Wall Street prefers this one 11/15 Henry Louis Gates Discusses New PBS TV Series 11/15 Updated SEC boss Mary Jo White should be stepping up the fight, not stepping down 11/15 Updated 5 reasons why it’s too early for investors to stop worrying about President Trump 11/15 Investors hope Snap will unlock IPO market for tech unicorns 11/15 Updated New supersonic jetliner a step closer to getting off the ground 11/15 Elizabeth Warren rips Trump’s picks of ‘Wall Street insiders’ 11/15 Proposed Passenger Jet Could Reach Supersonic Speeds 11/15 Social Media Companies Tackle Fake News and Abuse 11/15 Preet Bharara hopeful that insider-trading prosecutions will ramp up 11/15 Updated Family of Chicago folk singer Steve Goodman sold ‘Go, Cubs, Go’ rights mere months before World Series 11/15 PlayStation Network may have been target of October’s internet attack 11/15 Sen. Elizabeth Warren on Election 2016 Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Intel Corp. shares fall after earnings beat, restructuring charges By Claudia Assis Published: Oct 18, 2016 4:18 p.m. ET Share By ClaudiaAssis Reporter Intel Corp. INTC, +1.25% shares fell late Tuesday after the company reported third-quarter earnings that beat expectations and mentioned restructuring charges ahead. Intel said it earned $3.4 billion in the third quarter, or 69 cents a share, compared with $3.1 billion, or 64 cents a share, in the year-ago period. Adjusted for one-time items, Intel earned $3.9 billion, or 80 cents a share, compared with $3.2 billion, or 66 cents a share, a year ago. Sales reached $15.8 billion, up 9% compared with $14.5 billion a year ago. Analysts polled by FactSet had expected adjusted earnings of 73 cents a share on sales of $15.6 billion. Intel said it now expects $2.3 billion in restructuring and other charges, including $1.8 billion already realized, and the remainder of those charges to be realized between now and the middle of next year. About $250 million is expected for the fourth quarter, the company said. Shares of Intel fell 3.7% in late trading after ending the regular session up 1.2%. MarketWatch Partner Center Politics & Property Presidents’ weekend homes away from the White House View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Sponsored Content Alternatives in an uncertain world View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Intel Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: INTC $34.91 +0.43 (+1.25%) Volume 20.0M Open $34.64 High $35.29 Low $34.61 P/E Ratio 16.47 Div Yield 2.98 Market Cap 163.4B LatestNews
Mittwoch, 16.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»INTEL AKTIE»Intel Corporation Profit Climbs 22% In Q3 INTEL CORPORATION 32,451  Euro +0,501 +1,57 % WKN: 855681  ISIN: US4581401001 Ticker-Symbol: INL  Frankfurt | 15.11.16 | 19:00 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Aktie: BrancheHalbleiter AktienmarktNASDAQ-100 DJ Industrial S&P 100 S&P 500 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 32,412 32,787 15.11. 32,437 32,647 07:44 18.10.2016 | 22:41 (9 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) AFX News·Mehr Nachrichten von AFX News Intel Corporation Profit Climbs 22% In Q3 SANTA CLARA (dpa-AFX) - Intel Corporation (INTC) revealed earnings for its third quarter that advanced compared to the same period last year. The company said its bottom line came in at $3.9 billion, or $0.80 per share. This was higher than $3.2 billion, or $0.66 per share, in last year's third quarter. The company said revenue for the quarter rose 9.0% to $15.8 billion. This was up from $14.5 billion last year. Intel Corporation earnings at a glance: -Earnings (Q3): $3.9 Bln. vs. $3.2 Bln. last year. -Earnings Growth (Y-o-Y): 21.9% -EPS (Q3): $0.80 vs. $0.66 last year. -EPS Growth (Y-o-Y): 21.2% -Revenue (Q3): $15.8 Bln vs. $14.5 Bln last year. -Revenue Change (Y-o-Y): 9.0% -Guidance: Next quarter revenue guidance: $15.7 Bln Copyright RTT News/dpa-AFX © 2016 AFX News Nachrichten zu INTEL CORPORATION Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten 00:51 "The Intel Of Your Generation is Nvidia!' Screams Cramer ► Artikel lesen Di Intel announces $250 million for autonomous driving tech ► Artikel lesen Di Intel to invest over $250M in autonomous driving ► Artikel lesen Di Intel Is Making a Major Investment in Autonomous Vehicles ► Artikel lesen Di Intel Earmarks $250 Million To Fund Startups Working on Automated Vehicle Tech ► Artikel lesen Firmen im Artikel 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart INTEL CORPORATION Unternehmen / Aktien Kurs % INTEL CORPORATION 32,451 +1,57 % Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Intel Fourth-Quarter Sales May Miss Estimates on PC Doldrums Ian King More stories by Ian King October 18, 2016 — 4:11 PM EDT October 18, 2016 — 6:56 PM EDT Lackluster forecast indicates inventory is building up Third-quarter results got a boost from demand for PC chips Intel's Smith: We're More Confident About Fourth Quarter Intel Corp. gave a disappointing forecast for sales in the current quarter, signaling lackluster year-end demand for personal computers, servers and the chips that run them. Revenue will be $15.7 billion, plus or minus $500 million, the company said in a statement Tuesday. Analysts had projected $15.9 billion, the average of estimates compiled by Bloomberg. Intel’s third-quarter sales reached a record, lifted by processor orders from PC makers that decided to shore up their chip supplies ahead of the holiday shopping season. So far, demand hasn’t come surging back, meaning that customers will again pare orders as they work through those stockpiles of chips. The world’s largest semiconductor maker also backed off an annual forecast for double-digit revenue growth in server chips for data centers and corporate networks, its most profitable business. “We’re not going to raise the flag and say everything’s good again,” Chief Executive Officer Brian Krzanich said on a conference call. Intel shares, which had gained 9.6 percent this year, slipped as much as 6 percent in extended trading on news of the reduced target for the data-center unit. The stock had gained 1.2 percent to $37.75 at the close in New York. Third-Quarter Pickup Third-quarter net income rose to $3.38 billion, or 69 cents a share, compared with $3.11 billion, or 64 cents, in the same period a year earlier. Revenue rose 9.1 percent to $15.8 billion. Analysts, on average, had predicted a profit of 67 cents a share on sales of $15.6 billion. Adjusted gross margin, or the percentage of sales left after subtracting production costs, widened to 65 percent from 64 percent, Intel said. The company’s client computing group, which sells PC chips, posted third-quarter sales of $8.89 billion, a gain of 4.5 percent from a year earlier. Demand for PCs will increase in the fourth quarter from the prior three months, in line with normal seasonal gains, the company said. “It’s my concern that we just have an inventory build that could carry on into the first quarter,” said Kevin Cassidy, an analyst at Stifel Nicolaus & Co. “The market might have thought that PCs would be better into the fourth quarter.” On Sept. 16, Intel raised its forecasts for the third quarter, citing “replenishment of PC supply chain inventory.” The Santa Clara, California-based company increased its revenue projection at the time to about $15.6 billion from about $14.9 billion. While the PC market isn’t getting worse, it’s still shrinking. Worldwide shipments fell 3.9 percent in the third quarter, market researcher IDC said earlier this month, a smaller drop than the decline of 4.1 percent in the second quarter. Unit sales in the U.S. rose 1.7 percent, a second consecutive quarterly gain. Data Center Exclusive insights in your inbox, from our technology reporters around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology. Sign Up Business Your daily briefing on the most important business stories of the day. You will now receive the Business newsletter Politics The latest political news, analysis, charts, and dispatches from the campaign trail. You will now receive the Politics newsletter Markets Everything you need to know about what’s moving markets, in your inbox daily. You will now receive the Markets newsletter Pursuits What to eat, drink, wear and drive – in real life and your dreams. You will now receive the Pursuits newsletter Game Plan Advice nobody tells you about getting ahead at work, school and life. You will now receive the Game Plan newsletter Intel’s data-center group, which provides chips used in corporate networks and the large cloud-computing systems run by companies such as Google and Amazon.com Inc., had revenue of $4.54 billion, up 9.7 percent from a year earlier. The company had set an annual target of double-digit percentage growth for that unit -- a prediction it missed in the first half of the year. On Tuesday, Krzanich said the unit will only achieve “high single-digit” percentage sales growth for 2016. Large customers who build their own servers have returned to ordering, with sales in the third quarter from cloud customers up 32 percent from a year earlier, Intel said. That strength and solid demand from networking and storage systems customers was offset by the continuing stagnation of the market for servers used by corporations, the company said. “There’s some disappointment there,” said Stifel Nicolaus’s Cassidy. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Populism Takes Over the World World’s Biggest Real Estate Frenzy Is Coming to a City Near You Trump Transition Slows as Kushner Said to Oust Christie Allies Trump Tech Meltdown Hits Fourth Day With Amazon Cut by $35 Billion How Trump Can Make Money Off the Secret Service Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Intel's results beat estimates; forecast disappoints By Rishika Sadam and Nayyar Rasheed ReutersOctober 18, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share The logo of Intel, the world's largest chipmaker is seen at their offices in Jerusalem, April 20, 2016. REUTERS/Ronen Zvulun/File PhotoMore By Rishika Sadam and Nayyar Rasheed (Reuters) - Intel Corp reported better-than-expected quarterly earnings and revenue, boosted by improving PC demand and growth in its data center and cloud businesses, but its revenue forecast for the current quarter disappointed Wall Street. The world's largest chipmaker's shares were down 5.3 percent at $35.75 in after-hours trading on Tuesday. Intel said it expects fourth-quarter revenue of $15.7 billion, plus or minus $500 million. Analysts on average were expecting $15.86 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. "This is below the average seasonal increase for the fourth quarter as we expect the worldwide PC supply chain to reduce their inventory," Executive Vice President Stacy Smith said on a conference call with analysts. Last month, Intel raised its third-quarter revenue forecast for the first time in more than two years, citing improving PC demand. The company's decision to raise third-quarter forecast moved investors' expectations to a higher level, Stifel Nicolaus analyst Kevin Cassidy said. Revenue from the data center business, which offers storage and cloud-based software services, rose 9.7 percent to $4.54 billion in the third quarter, from a year earlier. Revenue growth from this unit for the full year will likely be in the high single digits, Intel Chief Executive Brian Krzanich said on the call. Demand for cloud-based services has been growing as more businesses shift to cloud-computing methods. Intel, which has been hurt due to weak PC demand, said last month it was seeing signs of improvement among PC parts suppliers. According to research firm IDC, global PC shipments fell by a smaller-than-expected 3.9 percent in the third quarter. (http://bit.ly/2dIkLfi) Revenue from the company's traditional PC business, which still accounts for over half of Intel's total revenue, rose 4.5 percent to $8.89 billion. Excluding items, the company earned 80 cents per share, above analysts' average estimate of 73 cents. The company's net revenue rose 9.1 percent to $15.78 billion, beating the average analyst estimate of $15.58 billion. Net income rose to $3.38 billion, or 69 cents per shares, in the third quarter ended Oct. 1, from $3.11 billion, or 64 cents per share, a year earlier. (http://bit.ly/2eeVLzW) Up to Tuesday's close, Intel's shares had risen 9.6 percent this year, lagging the 22.8 percent gain in the broader Philadelphia semiconductor index <.SOX>. (Reporting by Rishika Sadam and Nayyar Rasheed in Bengaluru. Additional reporting by Narottam Medhora; Editing by Maju Samuel) Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Best Buy just released a brand new Black Friday ad: Here’s what changed BGR News WhatsApp video calling is finally here Yahoo Tech Google releases app to digitize boxes of old photo prints Associated Press iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Apple is reportedly releasing two versions of its 5.5-inch iPhone next year The Verge New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech Apple believes a touchscreen iMac would make for a horrible user experience BGR News This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Intel's quarterly revenue rises 9.1 percent By Reuters Published: 16:25 EST, 18 October 2016 | Updated: 16:25 EST, 18 October 2016 e-mail Oct 18 (Reuters) - Intel Corp reported a 9.1 percent rise in quarterly revenue, helped by improving PC demand and growth in its data center and cloud businesses. The world's largest chipmaker said net income rose to $3.38 billion, or 69 cents per shares, in the third quarter ended Oct 1, from $3.11 billion, or 64 cents per share, a year earlier. The company's net revenue rose to $15.78 billion from $14.47 billion. (http://bit.ly/2eeVLzW) (Reporting by Narottam Medhora and Rishika Sadam in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Sicktoria Sponge or Bum-offee Pie? Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman face the I'm A Celebrity Big Bush Bake Off in latest Bushtucker Trial 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED 'You need to be there in one hour!' Justin Bieber 'invites six girls to his hotel suite' after placing social media request for female company in Prague 'There's certainly no love lost between them': Laura Whitmore and Giovanni Pernice 'embroiled in backstage feud' before tearful elimination from Strictly Come Dancing My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene Fifi Geldof flogs her used make-up online for £2: PR assistant uses website to sell more than 100 items including lipsticks and eyeliners Flogging accessories online via Depop Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 'Neither is willing to betray anything intimate': Michael Fassbender and girlfriend Alicia Vikander have agreement not to discuss relationship Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Model hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during getaway 'Turn haters into motivators!': Khloe Kardashian whips fans into shape in trailer for new TV series Revenge Body Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Spencer Matthews and retired rugby aces Gareth Thomas and Jason Robinson are the first contestants named for the next series of Channel 4's The Jump Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Wayne Rooney 'was so drunk he couldn't string a sentence together as he partied until FIVE in the morning' after gatecrashing wedding at fancy hotel  'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  'I think we'd be great together!' Billy Bob Thornton wants to work with ex-wife Angelina Jolie's estranged husband Brad Pitt  Told Playboy he even has a role in mind  Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in magical gown at Fantastic Beasts premiere... but is her dress silver or gold? Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Peace out! Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Hillary Clinton and dealing with a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Tony Bennett, 90, reveals he met his third wife Susan, 50, when her pregnant mother came to one of his gigs  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Move over Miley! Little sister Noah Cyrus unveils her first single Make Me (Cry) Her turn to make her mark on music industry Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Flashed lacy black strap Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Earnings Calendar Surprises Highlights Ideas Intel reports third-quarter earnings Antonio José Vielma | @AJ_Vielma Tuesday, 18 Oct 2016 | 6:08 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters <p>Intel beats, stock drops</p> <p>CNBC&#039;s Josh Lipton reports on the third-quarter earnings conference call for Intel, including what CEO Brian Krzanich has to say. The &quot;Fast Money&quot; traders weigh in.</p> Intel beats, stock drops    Tuesday, 18 Oct 2016 | 5:40 PM ET | 03:40 Intel shares fell in extended trading on Tuesday after the company gave slightly disappointing revenue guidance, despite reporting earnings that beat analyst estimates. Intel said it expects $15.7 billion in revenue for its fourth quarter. Analysts had forecast revenue of about $15.87 billion, according to a FactSet consensus estimate. The stock dropped more than 3 percent in extended trading. The company reported adjusted third-quarter earnings of 80 cents per share on $15.78 billion in revenue. Analysts expected the chipmaker to report profits of 73 cents per share on revenues of $15.58 billion, according to a Thomson Reuters consensus estimate. Patrick T. Fallon | Bloomberg | Getty Images Brian Krzanich, chief executive officer of Intel Corp., holds the Curie module as he speaks during the 2015 Consumer Electronics Show (CES) in Las Vegas, Nevada, U.S., on Tuesday, Jan. 6, 2015. Executive Vice President Stacy Smith told CNBC's "Closing Bell" that revenue guidance is lower in the fourth quarter primarily because of start-up costs for the company's next-generation manufacturing processor. CEO Brian Krzanich said that Intel's third-quarter results were driven by the company's transformation to new business like cloud services. "We're executing well, and these results show Intel's continuing transformation to a company that powers the cloud and billions of smart, connected devices," he said in his statement. In a conference call, Krzanich said the PC market is a "bit stronger." He said the company saw its strongest growth in business PCs, or the non-consumer segment of the market. He added the consumer segment is "better but not back to where we would like to see." Intel saw record revenue in its data center business and Internet of Things segments, bringing in $4.5 billion and $689 million in revenue, respectively. The data center segment saw its revenue grow 10 percent year over year, while revenue from the Internet of Things group surged 19 percent from the comparable year-ago period. In April, Intel announced its plan to cut 12,000 jobs, or roughly 11 percent of its workforce, by 2017 as part of a restructuring initiative. CEO Krzanich said during last quarter's earnings conference call that the legacy tech company is "solidly on track" to complete its goal. On Tuesday, Intel said it had already seen $1.8 billion in total restructuring and other charges to date. It expects another $250 million during the current quarter. Correction: Intel reported 80 cents per share on adjusted earnings. An earlier version misstated that figure. Antonio José VielmaNews Associate Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change INTC --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Binge Filmmaker Ken Burns is scared of what he sees in Donald Trump By: Josh Ascher, CNBC producer Here’s what Steve Jobs had to give Ken Burns to create the 'Ken Burns' effect for iMovie The Ken Burns binge effect: Steve Jobs, Donald Trump and the birth of binge-watching    Ken Burns: The media gets Steve Jobs wrong    Steve Jobs once told Ken Burns he should ditch PBS because they weren’t paying him enough
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Halliburton Working To Gain A Sustainable Competitive Advantage Manikandan Raman , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} October 18, 2016 3:07pm   Comments Share: Related HAL TD Ameritrade's IMX Index Rose 6% In October How Sell-Side Analysts Are Reacting To The GE-Baker Hughes Deal Halliburton Company: Priced For An Unlikely Return To Robust Activity Of Boom Years (Seeking Alpha) D.A. Davidson expects Halliburton Company (NYSE: HAL)’s third-quarter results to come in above consensus, driven by the recovery in the North American rig count and continued market share gains during the downturn. The company is expected to report its third-quarter financial performance on Wednesday. The brokerage expects revenue/EBITDA/EPS of $3.95 billion/$486 million/$(0.05) versus consensus of $3.90 billion/$469 million/$(0.07). “Although, it may take a few more quarters for larger operators (HAL’s core customer base) to adjust capex budgets and increase activity, a slight miss would only add to the trajectory of future earnings,” analyst Sonny Randhawa wrote in a note. Randhawa, who has a Buy rating on the stock, expects a significant uptick in the service level intensity “as larger operators gain comfort with the recovery in commodity prices and adjust 2017 capex budgets higher.” Related Link: Saudi Arabia Is Shopping For Bond Buyers But Won't Talk About Oil The analyst pointed out Halliburton’s strong share in the pressure pumping market and expects the company to add further gains despite an increase in frac intensity. “We believe HAL’s sizable sand logistics operation and buying power puts them at a considerable advantage when negotiating sand pricing vs. smaller peers,” Randhawa continued. As such, Randhawa raised his 2016/2017/2018 EPS estimates to $(0.16)/$0.83/$2.35 from $(0.21)/$0.80/$2.18. The analyst also increased his target price to $57 from $54 based on a 12x EV/EBITDA multiple applied to his 2018 EBITDA estimate of $4.8 billion. At time of writing, shares of Halliburton rose 1.68 percent to $47.10. Full ratings data available on Benzinga Pro. Do you have ideas for articles/interviews you'd like to see more of on Benzinga? Please email feedback@benzinga.com with your best article ideas. One person will be randomly selected to win a $20 Amazon gift card! Latest Ratings for HAL Date Firm Action From To Oct 2016 Nomura Maintains Buy Oct 2016 Cowen & Co. Maintains Market Perform Oct 2016 DA Davidson Maintains Buy View More Analyst Ratings for HAL View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: Analyst Color Earnings Long Ideas News Price Target Commodities Reiteration Markets Best of Benzinga © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (USO + HAL) Technical Alert: Crude Oil Futures Near $42 The Market In 5 Minutes: A Couple Of Pharma Stocks Move 70% In Opposite Directions Technical Alert: Crude Sharply Lower The Market In 5 Minutes: You Don't Really Care For Music, Do You? Technical Alert: Crude Oil Rally Stalls The Market In 5 Minutes: Retail Earnings Come Into Focus View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on HAL Trending Recent 1 MENT, EBIO: 18 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 DUST, NUGT: Where Is Gold Headed When Interest Rates Start Rising? 3 SSTK, GRPN: From A(mazon) To Z(ynga): Loop Capital Breaks Down... 4 NVDA: Nvidia's Big Win: Post-Earnings Sell-Side... 5 DVAX: Dynavax Shares Plunge 70% Amid Complete Re... 6 PG, FB: The Trump Market Is Killing A Couple... 7 NVDA, TSLA: Vetr Crowd Downgrades NVID... 1 AET, M: Watch These 7 Huge Put Purchases In Tuesday Trade 2 GNC, FL: Watch These 7 Huge Call Purchases In Tuesday Trade 3 PIN, INDL: Indian Markets Open Lower; BSE Sensex Down Over 400 Points 4 FXI, GXC: China Markets Down; Yuan Drops To Near Eight-Year Low 5 EWJ, EPP: Japanese Stock Markets Edge Higher 6 COH, MENT: Wall Street's M&A Chatte... 7 GILD, ABBV: Gilead Responds To CMS... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Match Group Is A Great Way To Play The Mid-Cap Internet Stock Space Airline Stocks Achieving Altitude After United's Big Q3 Beat
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Traders Wonder Whether Morgan Stanley Can Continue Banks' Q3 Beat Streak Shanthi Rexaline , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} October 18, 2016 2:38pm   Comments Share: Related BAC Some Of The Most Notable Changes This 13F Season Technical Alert: Bank Of America Climbs Over $20 For The First Time Since November 2008 Tracking Allan Mecham's Arlington Value Capital Portfolio - Q3 2016 Update (Seeking Alpha) Related C Why Short Sellers Dumped Citigroup Ahead Of The Election The Republican Sweep Changes Everything For Morgan Stanley's Large-Cap Bank Thesis Seth Klarman's new Q3 positions (Seeking Alpha) Investors are awaiting with bated breath the results from the last of the Mohicans among investment banks. Morgan Stanley (NYSE: MS) is due to release its third quarter results before the markets open on Wednesday. Analysts, on average, expect earnings of $0.63 per share, up from $0.34 per share last year. Revenues are also expected to rise to $8.17 billion from $7.33 billion in the year-ago period. If trend is anything to go by, Morgan Stanley could be gearing up for beats on both the top and bottom line. Fixed income trading revenues offered a cushion for most banks, which have reported already. For Morgan Stanley, fixed income trading revenues make up roughly 16 percent of total revenues. Related Link: How Did The Big 4 Do In Q3? Q3 Banking Recap Thus Far Bank of America Corp (NYSE: BAC) stood tall and towering with 7.90 percent earnings per share growth, with the increase marking the first in three quarters. The company's revenues grew 2.86 percent to $21.6 billion and exceeded estimates by 3.15 percent. Citigroup Inc (NYSE: C) reported earnings per share of $1.24, down 8.15 percent year-over-year, and yet beat the $1.16 per share consensus estimate. Revenues declined 4.81 percent to $17.8 billion, but beat estimates by 2.65 percent. Goldman Sachs Group Inc (NYSE: GS) steamrolled past the $3.79 estimate, with earnings per share at $4.88, up notably from $2.90 last year. Revenues also trumped estimates. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM)'s third-quarter earnings per share fell 5.95 percent to $1.58 but were ahead of the $1.39 per share consensus estimate. The company reported a 8.37 percent increase in its managed net revenues to $23.54 billion, with revenues exceeding estimates by roughly 2 percent. Wells Fargo & Co (NYSE: WFC), which created a furor with its sales practices scandal, also saw a modest drop in its earnings per share to $1.03, although the metric was 1.98 percent ahead of estimates. Barclays said in a note last week that it expects Morgan Stanley to report overwhelming results, given a better FICC environment. The firm forecasts ROE in the 8 percent area. At time of writing, shares of Morgan Stanley were up 1.24 percent at $32.19. Full ratings data available on Benzinga Pro. Do you have ideas for articles/interviews you'd like to see more of on Benzinga? Please email feedback@benzinga.com with your best article ideas. One person will be randomly selected to win a $20 Amazon gift card! Latest Ratings for BAC Date Firm Action From To Nov 2016 Guggenheim Downgrades Buy Neutral Nov 2016 Deutsche Bank Downgrades Buy Hold Oct 2016 Compass Point Initiates Coverage On Neutral View More Analyst Ratings for BAC View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: Analyst Color Earnings Long Ideas News Guidance Previews Analyst Ratings Movers Best of Benzinga © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (BAC + C) Some Of The Most Notable Changes This 13F Season Why Short Sellers Dumped Citigroup Ahead Of The Election Technical Alert: Bank Of America Climbs Over $20 For The First Time Since November 2008 The Republican Sweep Changes Everything For Morgan Stanley's Large-Cap Bank Thesis Benzinga's Top Upgrades The Trump Market Is Killing A Couple Of Popular Trading Strategies View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on BAC Trending Recent 1 DRYS, SAEX: DryShips Squeeze Continues, Other Stocks Could Be Following Suit 2 EBIO, PTCT: 18 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 3 DRYS: Several Things To Consider Amid DryShips' Massive 8... 4 DUST, GDX: Where Is Gold Headed When Interest Rates Start... 5 PCLN, QUOT: From A(mazon) To Z(ynga): Loop Capita... 6 ESEA, EGLE: Iceberg Ahead? The Massive... 7 TOPS, PQ: 20 Stocks Moving In... 1 EWJ, EPP: Japanese Markets Gain; Nikkei Up 200 Points 2 JPM, XLF: Kevin Kelly's JPMorgan Options Trade 3 EUFS, EURL: An Adventurous Idea Among Europe ETFs 4 HOG: Even Harley-Davidson Is Benefiting From A Trump Pre... 5 ALXN: Alexion's Valuation Could Be Getting Pumme... 6 TLT: Todd Gordon's 20-Year Treasury Bond Trade 7 TDG: What The Market Is Overlooking In The Tra... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Analysts Remain Bullish On Gridsum Holding Tesla Investors Get A Lesson In Headline Risk
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States What to Expect From Intel Earnings By Chris Lange October 18, 2016 11:35 am EST Print Email Tweet Intel Corp. (NASDAQ: INTC) is scheduled to report its third-quarter financial results after the markets close on Tuesday. The consensus estimates from Thomson Reuters are $0.72 in earnings per share (EPS) and $15.58 billion in revenue. In the same period of last year, it posted EPS of $0.64 and revenue of $14.46 billion. In September, Intel raised its guidance for the third quarter. This increase is primarily driven by replenishment of personal computer (PC) supply chain inventory. Intel is also seeing some signs of improving PC demand. The company now expects third-quarter revenue to be $15.6 billion, give or take $300 million, versus the previous estimate of $14.9 billion, plus or minus $500 million. Intel also forecast the midpoint of the third-quarter gross margin range at roughly 63%, which is up 1% from the same period last year, driven mostly by higher PC unit volume. Just few days prior to the increased guidance update, Standard & Poor’s noted that there was more upside likely for semiconductor sales, despite the large sector gains that have been seen. The firm said: Semiconductors were a driving force in upward revisions to Q3 and Q4 technology earnings estimates and the semiconductor stocks were rewarded (+11.5% since the start of July). From a valuation perspective, the semiconductors trade at a 33% discount to its ten year average despite the recent price appreciation. At a 15.1x price-to-earnings ratio (P/E) on a next-twelve-month basis, it is trading at a more attractive valuation than the technology sector, which has a P/E of 17.1x. We believe that several opportunities remain within technology and specifically semiconductors. Demand for semiconductors is normally a sign of economic growth. As the economy and consumer continues to improve, so should the business prospects (and the stocks of) for companies comprising this sub-industry. Prior to the release of the earnings report, a few analysts weighed in on Intel: Barclays has an Overweight rating with a $45 price target. Wells Fargo reiterated an Outperform rating with a $45 price target. Sanford Bernstein has a Neutral rating with a $35 price target. Pacific Crest reiterated a Buy rating with a $44 price target. BlueFin Research has a Buy rating. RBC Capital Markets reiterated a Sector Perform rating with a $38 price target. Brean Capital reiterated a Buy rating with a $40 price target. B. Riley reiterated a Buy rating with a $45 price target. Canaccord Genuity has a Buy rating with a $44 price target. Morgan Stanley has an Underweight rating with a $34 price target. Excluding Tuesday’s move, Intel has outperformed the broad markets, with the stock up about 11% year to date. Over the past 52 weeks, the stock is up 16.5%. Shares of Intel were trading up nearly 2% at $38.03 on Tuesday, with a consensus analyst price target of $40.65 and a 52-week trading range of $27.68 to $38.36. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « Inflation Reaches Fed Target Range, If You Look Closely Harley-Davidson Jumps on Decent Earnings » Read more: Technology, Earnings, semiconductors, Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Worst Companies to Work For The Drunkest City in Each State Major Changes in Warren Buffett & Berkshire Hathaway Stocks: American Airlines, Delta, Kinder Morgan, Wal-Mart, BNY Mellon and More 50 Worst Cities to Live In Home Depot Black Friday Ad Now Available Recent Nokia, Teva Plunge into Tuesday’s 52-Week Low Club Verizon, Chevron Dominate DJIA Tuesday SEC Awards Whistleblower Over $20 Million Solar Plants Raise Local Temperatures Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Dick's Sporting Goods Inc. Fumbles -- Why Shares Fell Twitter's Executive Exodus Continues This Big Activist Investor Just Bought Shares of Twitter Gap names Teri List-Stoll as new finance chief Snapchat IPO could value company at $20 billion to $25 billion, go public in March: WSJ Snapchat files confidentially for IPO: WSJ New Highs for the Holidays? Big Economic Shifts Challenge Your Decision-Making Trustmark (TRMK) Inks Merger Deal with RB Bancorporation A $1 million bet: Anatomy of a high-end house flip Dow breaks below 18K, as China, Fed fears weigh Billionaires had a rough year in 2015 - relatively Dick's Sporting Goods Inc. Fumbles -- Why Shares Fell Twitter's Executive Exodus Continues This Big Activist Investor Just Bought Shares of Twitter Bernie Sanders Calls Out Donald Trump For Backpedaling On One Thing They Agreed On Facebook, Google Take Small Steps To Stop Spread Of Fake News Snapchat Files For IPO That Would Be Biggest In Years For Tech Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2016 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse What's Ahead For Intel, Yahoo, Morgan Stanley and Halliburton? Q3 Earnings On Tap The Ticker Tape , TD Ameritrade   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} October 18, 2016 11:56am   Comments Share: Earnings season is in full swing, with about 20 percent of S&P 500 firms reporting quarterly results this week. As we saw last week, the results from some companies can be disruptive to the markets when earnings surprise or disappoint Wall Street’s expectations. Is there more turbulence ahead, given October’s reputation for volatility? Key earnings reports include those from Intel Corporation (NASDAQ: INTC) and Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO) after the bell Tuesday and those from Morgan Stanley (NYSE: MS) and Halliburton Company (NYSE: HAL) before the session starts Wednesday. How Will INTC Survive PC Slowdown? Intel, long known for its computing prowess in homes and offices, looks to be setting its sights on the cloud as the market for PC sales shrinks. But the PC supply chain may be driving sales and earnings growth in the quarter, according to INTC guidance. INTC upped its Q3 projections last month, based on better-than-expected PC sales. The supply chain has been quickly refilling depleted inventories in preparation for what’s expected to be a robust holiday season, according to the company. Analysts reporting to Thomson Reuters now see a per-share profit of $0.72, up about 13% from the year-ago period, on top-line sales of $15.56 billion, an 8% gain. INTC still dominates the PC microchip space, and those chip sales contribute to more than half of INTC’s revenue, according to analysts. But the global PC business has been on a downward slide for some time, with sales off 3.9% on a year-over-year basis, according to IDC, a market research group. Investors likely are looking for more information on what’s happening with INTC’s emerging data center group, which some analysts expect to see deliver $4.6 billion in revenue for the quarter, an 11% jump over last year. Can these businesses offset the dropping demand for PCs? Short-term options traders have priced in a potential 3.2% share price move in either direction around the earnings release, according to the Market Maker Move™ indicator on the thinkorswim® platform from TD Ameritrade. Ahead of earnings, buyers of the 37- and 38-strike calls have been active over the last few sessions; buyers and sellers of puts are concentrating on the 35- and 37-strikes. The implied volatility is right in the middle at the 51st percentile. Please remember past performance is no guarantee of future results. Note: Call options represent the right, but not the obligation, to buy the underlying security at a predetermined price over a set period of time. Put options represent the right, but not the obligation, to sell the underlying security at a predetermined price over a set period of time. Where’s Marissa? Wall Street was all abuzz when YHOO announced Friday that it was canceling its traditional analyst chat with CEO Marissa Mayer after its Q3 results are announced late Tuesday. The company cited the $4.83 billion pending sale of its core operations to Verizon Communications Inc (NYSE: VZ), expected to close in early 2017. But some analysts think there might be more to it, considering the September revelation that 500 million customer accounts were hacked two years ago, coupled with the October acknowledgement from YHOO that it had scanned all customer emails for information tied to a suspected terrorist group. On top of that, statements from VZ’s attorneys last week left the door open to a possible renegotiation of the deal, according to published reports. Apparently, VZ is now concerned that the security breach may represent a material adverse effect on the business. “We have a reasonable basis to believe right now that the impact is material,” VZ general counsel Craig Silliman said, according to Dow Jones. Investors and analysts, however, won’t be able to ask about it Tuesday, nor, apparently, will they get a preview of what’s ahead. At Thomson Reuters, analysts are forecasting $0.14 a share in profits, a penny below the year-ago results, on revenues that are slightly higher at $1.3 billion, compared with $1.2 billion last year. Short-term options traders have priced in a potential share price move of 2.5% in either direction around the earnings release, according to the Market Maker Move™ indicator. They are looking mostly at calls on the 42-strike and puts at the 41.5- and 40-strikes. The implied volatility also looks to be in the middle at the 47th percentile. Did MS Benefit from Better Trading? A bounce in trading revenue reported by other big banks last week appears to have analysts anxious to see if MS—which is more exposed to trading than those that have already reported—also had better performance from trading operations. But, they note, much of the boost in trading revenues at JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM), Citigroup Inc (NYSE: C) and Bank of America Corp (NYSE: BAC) came from fixed-income products while the bulk of MS’s trading revenue is typically gleaned from equities. Was there crossover? Analysts watching MS also look closely at the profitability of its wealth-management franchise, according to the Wall Street Journal. “The firm cleared a 22% margin target earlier this year and is under huge pressure to maintain it,” WSJ reported. Thomson Reuters analysts are anticipating that both earnings and revenues will rise in Q3 over the same period a year ago. Profits are pegged at $0.63 a share while top-line sales are projected to climb to $8.17 billion. Short-term options traders have priced in a potential share price move of 2.5% in either direction around the earnings release, according to the Market Maker Move™ indicator. In the options market, buyers of calls at the 33-strike were active, as were those of puts at the 30-strike. The implied volatility is at a relatively low 25th percentile. HAL and the Oil Slump Is the worst downturn that has ever hit the oil industry finally turning a corner? Some analysts say they hope to hear good news from HAL, the world’s No. 2 oilfield-services company, on the conference call after earnings are turned in Wednesday. Even still, analysts say they’re not likely to see an improved performance until Q4, and that is assuming crude-oil prices stay above $50 a barrel. Analysts at Thomson Reuters are expecting a loss of $0.07 a share on revenues of $3.87 billion. If the company reports a net loss, it will be the second straight one after 14 quarters in a row of profits amid the industry slump. A year ago, HAL turned in a profit of $0.31 cents a share on top line sales of $5.58 billion. Its income and sales have been on a slow and steady decline over the last four years, but analysts see the losses lightening over the next two quarters before finally turning a profit again in Q3 2017, according to Thomson Reuters polls. The conference call may offer more clarity around those projections. Short-term options traders have priced in a 2.7% potential share price move in either direction around the earnings release, according to the Market Maker Move™ indicator. Options trading is tight around recent share prices, with call action at the out-of-the-money 47-strike and puts trading at the 45-strike. The implied volatility sits at the 34th percentile. Please remember that past performance is no guarantee of future results. Probability analysis results from the Market Maker Move indicator are theoretical in nature, not guaranteed, and do not reflect any degree of certainty of an event occurring. TD Ameritrade and all third parties mentioned are separate and unaffiliated companies, and are not responsible for each other’s policies or services. Inclusion of specific security names in this commentary does not constitute a recommendation from TD Ameritrade to buy, sell, or hold. Market volatility, volume, and system availability may delay account access and trade executions. Past performance of a security or strategy does not guarantee future results or success. Options are not suitable for all investors as the special risks inherent to options trading may expose investors to potentially rapid and substantial losses. Options trading subject to TD Ameritrade review and approval. Please read Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options before investing in options. Supporting documentation for any claims, comparisons, statistics, or other technical data will be supplied upon request. The information is not intended to be investment advice or construed as a recommendation or endorsement of any particular investment or investment strategy, and is for illustrative purposes only. Be sure to understand all risks involved with each strategy, including commission costs, before attempting to place any trade. Clients must consider all relevant risk factors, including their own personal financial situations, before trading. TD Ameritrade, Inc., member FINRA/SIPC. TD Ameritrade is a trademark jointly owned by TD Ameritrade IP Company, Inc. and The Toronto-Dominion Bank. © 2016 TD Ameritrade IP Company, Inc. All rights reserved. Used with permission. Posted-In: Earnings News Technicals Movers & Shakers Economics Trading Ideas Reviews ETFs © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (BAC + C) Technical Alert: Bank Of America Climbs Over $20 For The First Time Since November 2008 The Republican Sweep Changes Everything For Morgan Stanley's Large-Cap Bank Thesis Benzinga's Top Upgrades The Trump Market Is Killing A Couple Of Popular Trading Strategies Facebook, Bank Of America, Honeywell: Fast Money Picks For November 11 Technical Alert: Bank Of America Nears $19 For The First Time Since April 2010 View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on INTC Trending Recent 1 CXRX, GALE: 18 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 JNUG, NUGT: Where Is Gold Headed When Interest Rates Start Rising? 3 FDN, XLK: From A(mazon) To Z(ynga): Loop Capital Breaks Down T... 4 NVDA: Nvidia's Big Win: Post-Earnings Sell-Side S... 5 DVAX: Dynavax Shares Plunge 70% Amid Complete Resp... 6 TSLA, NVDA: Vetr Crowd Downgrades NVIDIA After... 7 PG, FB: The Trump Market Is Killing... 1 MBLY: Mobileye Gains 2.5% After Better-Than-Expected Q3 2 AAP, NDAQ: A Peek Into The Markets: U.S. Stock Futures Edge Higher Ahead Of Ec... 3 HD: Home Depot Reports Q3 Results, Shares Tick Higher 4 EUR/USD Little Higher, German Current Economic Sentiment Eases 5 XOM, OXY: Can You Guess This Chart? 6 EUR/USD Little Higher, Euro Area GDP Steady 7 EUR/USD Little Changed, Italy GDP Improves View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Finding Value With Technology ETFs Expectations For Apple's Q3 Have Moved Higher, And Not Because Of The Galaxy Note Recall
Skip to content Hackaday Primary Menu Home Blog Hackaday.io Store Hackaday Prize Submit About November 15, 2016 What’s The Deal With Atmel And Microchip? 64 Comments by: Brian Benchoff October 18, 2016 It’s been nearly a year since Microchip acquired Atmel for $3.56 Billion. As with any merger, acquisition, or buyout, there has been concern and speculation over what will become of the Atmel catalog, the Microchip catalog, and Microchip’s strategy for the coming years. For the Hackaday audience, this is a far more important issue than Intel’s acquisition of Altera, On Semi and Fairchild, and even Avago’s purchase of Broadcom in the largest semiconductor deal in history. The reason Microchip’s acquisition of Atmel is such an important issue is simply due to the fact the Hackaday community uses a lot of their parts. This was a holy war, and even changing the name of a line of chips to ‘MCMega’ would result in a consumer rebellion, or at least a lot of very annoying tweets. For the record, I’ve tried my best to figure out what’s going on with Microchip’s acquisition of Atmel for the last few months. I’ve talked to a few Microchip reps, a few Atmel reps, and talked to a few ‘out of band’ connections – people who should know what’s going on but aren’t directly tied to either Atmel or Microchip. The best I’ve come up with is a strange silence. From my perspective, it seems like something is going on, but no one is saying anything. Take the following with several grains of salt, but Microchip recently got in touch with me regarding their strategy following their Atmel acquisition. In a few thousand words, they outlined what’s going on in casa Microchip, and what will happen to the Atmel portfolio in the future. Broad Strokes In broad strokes, the Microchip PR team wanted to emphasize a few of the plans regarding their cores, software, and how Microchip parts are made obsolete. In simple, bullet point terms, this is what Microchip passed on to me, to pass on to you: Microchip will continue their philosophy of customer-driven obsolescence. This has historically been true – Microchip does not EOL parts lightly, and the state of the art from 1995 is still, somewhere, in their catalog. We plan to support both Atmel Studio 7 and MPLAB® X for the foreseeable future. Microchip has never focused on “one core”, but rather on the whole solution providing “one platform.” This is also true. A year ago, Microchip had the MIPS-based PIC-32 cores, a few older PIC cores, and recently Microchip has released a few ARM cores. Atmel, likewise, has the family tree of 8 and 32-bit AVR cores and the ARM-based SAM cores. We will continue to support and invest in growing our 8-bit PIC® and AVR MCU product families. Specifics In addition to the broad strokes outlined above, Microchip also sent along a few questions and answers from Ganesh Moorthy, Microchip’s President and COO. These statements dig a little bit deeper into what’s in store for the Microchip and Atmel portfolios: How will the 32-bit products complement each other? Atmel has a few 32-bit microcontrollers, like the SAM and AT32 series. Microchip has the PIC-32. The answer to this question is, “Many of the 32-bit MCU products are largely complementary because of their different strengths and focus.  For example, the SAM series has specific families targeting lower power consumption and 5 volts where PIC32 has families more optimally suited for audio and graphics solutions. We plan to continue investing in both SAM and PIC32 families of products.” Will Atmel’s START support 8-bit AVRs? “Yes, although it is too early to commit to any specific dates at this stage, we consider modern rapid prototyping tools, such as START and the MPLAB Code Configurator, strategic for the our customers to deliver innovative and competitive solutions in this fast-paced industry.” Now that Microchip has a complete portfolio of low-power, inexpensive 32-bit microcontrollers, will the focus on 8-bit product be inevitably reduced? “No, we see that in actual embedded control applications there is still a large demand for the type of qualities that are uniquely provided by an 8-bit product such as: ease-of-use, 5V operation, robustness, noise immunity, real-time performance, long endurance, integration of analog and digital peripherals, extremely low-static power consumption and more. We don’t think that the number of bits is an appropriate / sufficient way to classify a complex product such as the modern microcontroller. We believe that having the right peripherals is actually what matters most.” Security, Memories, WiFi, and Analog products. For both Atmel and Microchip, the most visible products in each of their portfolios is the lineup of microcontrollers. This isn’t the limit of their portfolios, though: Atmel has space-grade memories, Microchip has some very useful networking chips, and both companies have a number of security and crypto chips. In the statements given by Moorthy, very little will change. The reason for this is the relative lack of overlap in these devices. Even in segments where there is significant overlap, no EOLs are planned, circling back to the, “philosophy of customer-driven obsolescence.” In other words, if people keep buying it, it’s not going away. The Takeaway What is the future of Microchip post-Atmel acquisition? From what I’m seeing, not much. Microchip is falling back on their philosophy of ‘customer-driven obsolescence’. What does that mean? Any non-biased assessment of Microchip’s EOL policy is extremely generous. The chip found in the Basic Stamp 1, from 1993, is still available. It’s not recommended for new designs, but you can still buy it. That’s impressive any way you look at it. The one thing we’re not getting out of this pseudo press release is information about what Atmel will be called in a few years. Will the Atmel mark be subsumed by a gigantic letter ‘M’? Will the company retain two different trademarks? There is no public information about this. Yes, I know this post is a nearly verbatim copy of a pseudo press release. I’m not particularly happy this information was presented to me this way, but then again, the Atmel/Microchip ecosystem has been impressively secretive. This is the only information that exists, though, and I’m glad to have it in any event. That said, there are a lot of people in the Hackaday community that want to know what the deal is with Microchip and Atmel. Short of pulling Jerry Seinfeld out of retirement, this is the best we’re going to get for now. Of course, if you have any info or speculation, the comments below are wide open. Posted in Microcontrollers, newsTagged acquisition, Atmel, merger, mergers and acquisitions, microchip Post navigation ← Monstrous Suit of Power Armor 3D Printed over 140 Days Electromagnetic Pulse: Pure Hollywood? → 64 thoughts on “What’s The Deal With Atmel And Microchip?” yeti says: October 18, 2016 at 4:09 am I didn’t get along with PIC(32) stuff because of the toolchains and Linux… …has someone ever managed to build Duinomite-BASIC on Linux? I hope, they don’t touch AVR-GCC! Report comment Reply hli says: October 18, 2016 at 4:51 am I did not try to compile the Duinomite BASIC specifically, but in my experience compiling on Linux is without problems. I’m on Linux exclusively, and MPLABX does run fine (even with PIC32 projects). (For Duinomite-BASIC: the project requires using the obsolete C32 v1.11b compiler. It also uses wrong upper-case for file names. So it seems whoever created the project was using a Windows system only. This is not Microchips fault…) Report comment Reply yeti says: October 18, 2016 at 5:03 am I never found 1.11b for Linux… But that’s history now. I sure will not retry it. Report comment Reply Jacques1956 says: October 18, 2016 at 5:22 am No problem compiling MPLABX projects for any PIC family working on ubuntu 16.04 Report comment Reply Jan Ciger (@janoc200) says: October 18, 2016 at 5:30 am AVR-GCC is part of the standard GCC distribution, Atmel only kept a patched/more up to date version of it.If they killed, they wouldn’t have a compiler for their AVR/XAVR MCUs (Atmel Studio is using GCC as well). Report comment Reply MoJo says: October 18, 2016 at 10:07 am I just hope they don’t pull some dick move like Microchip who also use GCC, but make you pay for their fork or compile it yourself (which they make as difficult as possible). The free version is crippled. Report comment Reply ThePiGrepper says: October 18, 2016 at 12:52 pm Can they do that? Even their ‘real’ version should have the code available. Report comment Reply Quin says: October 18, 2016 at 2:02 pm GPL says they have to provide the code to anyone who gets it from them. If they only sell it, then the code does not need to be given away to anyone but customers. Now, those customers could just repost the GPL code for others. Report comment jaromirs says: October 18, 2016 at 9:38 am I built it just now, under Linux Mint 18. It is simple, though if you need to help with that, just ask. Report comment Reply Eugene says: October 19, 2016 at 4:27 am Duinomite isn’t even Microchip’s product, if you have an issue with it thats not Microchip’s fault. Microchip’s tools run fine on Linux. Report comment Reply Gravis says: October 18, 2016 at 4:25 am Microchip does not help open source projects at all. In fact, they sell old versions of GCC for $800 because they keep the build arguments secret. It’s time to abandon Atmel and AVR because they are going to same way. Report comment Reply Jacques1956 says: October 18, 2016 at 5:28 am http://blog.flyingpic24.com/2014/01/19/an-open-source-toolchain-how-to-guide-for-the-pic32/ Report comment Reply Jacques1956 says: October 18, 2016 at 5:33 am Too bad this link refer to another link but the last is a dead one. Report comment Reply ziggurat29 says: October 18, 2016 at 6:19 am It’s on WayBack, if interested: https://web.archive.org/web/20160323044227/http://wise-ware.org/wiki Report comment Reply yeti says: October 18, 2016 at 6:55 am http://retrobsd.org/wiki/doku.php/doc/toolchain-mips may be useful too… Report comment Neil Cherry says: October 18, 2016 at 7:27 am I found the missing link: :-) http://www.wise-ware.com.br/?p=134&lang=en Report comment Reply Paul Stoffregen says: October 18, 2016 at 4:44 am My main concern isn’t about the tech or end-of-life policy on chips, but rather the trend of price increases. Report comment Reply Jacques1956 says: October 18, 2016 at 5:32 am They still have many competitors so the prices should not increase that much. Report comment Reply MoJo says: October 18, 2016 at 10:09 am Prices of Atmel parts have rocketed already. I worry that they aren’t going to be developing some of Atmel’s best lines like XMEGA too. XMEGA is a great platform, I’ve used it in massive quantities in a few commercial projects over the past five years. Report comment Reply zakqwy says: October 18, 2016 at 7:59 am Agreed. It’s only one data point but it has had a big effect for me–ATtiny88s nearly doubled in price over the last year. Consolidation inevitably increases prices and that’s not a good thing. Report comment Reply Miroslav says: October 18, 2016 at 8:50 am I noticed that too. I guess antitrust laws don’t work so well anymore. Report comment Reply Martin says: October 19, 2016 at 7:26 am I am not sure if they are supposed to apply in this case :-( There are several other MCU manufacturers. ST with STM8 and STM32, Infineon, Renesas and NXP. Of course some of them are not interested in the hobbyist market. Report comment Reply jaromirs says: October 18, 2016 at 9:33 am Don’t know how it is possible, but one major EU supplier has ATmega328p approximately 40% cheaper than it was one or two years ago – and AFAIK cheaper than ever before. ATmega128a is cca 30% and ATmega2560 20% cheaper. I compared it against old invoices from the same supplier right now. Report comment Reply asdf says: October 18, 2016 at 10:00 am If Atmel couldn’t make enough money to survive, I suppose something has to change. Report comment Reply lol says: October 18, 2016 at 2:49 pm Having developed a couple huge projects with the RFA2 family of atmel, and the prices going from 5€ to 9€ was a nice kick to the nuts… Report comment Reply Phlipski says: October 18, 2016 at 5:43 am It should also be interesting what happens to the Atmel portfolio in light of the apparent bad blood caused by this merger. Microchip’s CEO sounds like a real a-hole. If the remaining Atmel employee’s leave then what happens to the support for those products? No support sounds like a recipe for a slow death of products since they won’t get many new design wins… http://www.eetimes.com/document.asp?doc_id=1329412 Report comment Reply RW says: October 18, 2016 at 6:26 am I dunno, he may be, or may not be, thing is when you tell people the plain unvarnished facts of life, they might not want to hear it. 5 years from now, might be able to look back, pore over the accounts and figure if it was truth or bluff. However, in general, if there’s X dollars available total for something that means it only gives 0.5 the desired result, and you get lawyers and government involved, that means you can kiss goodbye to somewhere between 0.7 and 0.9 of X, and end up with a range of 0.15 to 0.05 of the desired result…. an even derpier move (Unions tend to like this one, I have no idea why..) is to force a company that’s adequately servicing it’s debt payments, and providing ongoing employment and economic activity, but has assets and reserves only about equal to debt, into bankruptcy, whereupon the lenders and lawyers get paid first, it’s shut down and there’s nothing left. Anyway, sounds to me like that’s what he was going on about with the burning house thing, facts of life. Now for example you have 2 types of people, get one of each and say, “Here’s a plate of good food, if you eat it right now it’s fresh and nourishing, if you leave it sitting there two weeks and then eat it, you may get sick and die from conditions including but not limited to botulism, listeria, salmonella, fungal toxins or other biological factors.” …. and the one guy will say “Heh, thanks.” and nosh down.. and the other guy will be all “OMG you totally tried to blackmail me into eating this food by threatening to murder me with poison!!!!! FFFFFFffffFFFFFF This isn’t okay!!! POLICE!!! LAWYERS!!!!!” Report comment Reply Kevin Harrelson says: October 18, 2016 at 7:24 am The CEO of Microchip was simply put in a bad position in the terms of the benefits. What actually happened: 1) Atmel promised benefits in case of layoffs after an acquisition (when Dialog merger was announced). 2) Those benefits were unusually large. 3) Those benefits EXPIRED in case the acquisition happened after a certain date. 4) The Microchip acquisition happened AFTER that certain date. These facts put Sanghi in a bad position, and I think that he did the best that he could. I have a lot more trust in Microchip leadership than I ever did in Atmel. Report comment Reply boz says: October 18, 2016 at 11:51 am agreed. MC have a pretty good reputation (except here) if people continue using atmel products, they’re going to continue to supply them with better price and availability than existed before. if atmel staff do leave it will affect development of new products but not existing ones Report comment Reply Jacques1956 says: October 18, 2016 at 8:50 am “No support sounds like a recipe for a slow death of products”. For me the only thing of value in atTiny,atMega and atXmega is the core. As CEO says: “We believe that having the right peripherals is actually what matters most.” If one compare the rich set of peripherals of 8 bits PIC to atTiny,atMega and atXmega, the good move should be to replace the PIC outdated core with the AVR core and keep the rich set of PIC peripherals. Report comment Reply Jonathan Wilson says: October 18, 2016 at 5:49 am The one question this doesn’t answer is what will happen to the base tool chains. Will we see the Atmel parts move towards what the Microchip parts have (where you can either use the free gimped GCC compiler and libraries, the for-pay full-featured GCC compiler and libraries or a self-built GCC that gives you no license at all for the libraries) or will we see Microchip open up and stop charging extra for a full-featured GCC on these parts? Or will we see the new entity keep the same policies on both (gimped tools on the PIC parts and open tools on the Atmel parts) Report comment Reply Steve Rodgers says: October 18, 2016 at 8:26 am Microchip does not control the source code for gcc-avr, or avr-libc. Those will continue to be available for no cost. In the long term, I believe the 8 bit PIC architecture will be EOL’d or not recommended for new designs. The reason is lack of support for open tools (the gimped GCC compiler doesn’t help things), and the inefficiencies of the 8 bit PIC instruction set (Banks, lack of multiple and divide, C-compiler hostile instruction set, etc.). The 8 bit marketplace is still viable. We just need more powerful microcontrollers in that space. I’d like to see some 8 bit AVR’s refreshed to run at 3.3V and 2.5V and have clock speeds in the 10’s MHz. Report comment Reply boz says: October 18, 2016 at 12:16 pm I for one don’t give a shit if the cpu is driven by a shit pic core, an uber efficient Atmel core or a fucking pixie riding a unicorn, that’s what my compiler is for, my product selection will be by peripheral set, price and availability. Bottom line I will EOL before the PIC 8 does and the ATMega is much more likely to be around for a long time now which is good for us as we have two products using them. Report comment Reply Martin says: October 19, 2016 at 7:33 am Isn’t that the advantage of the XMega series? Report comment Reply Moryc says: October 19, 2016 at 12:02 am Here is link to two simple tests of optimization in XC8 compiler and its math library: http://www.elektroda.pl/rtvforum/viewtopic.php?p=15447531#15447531 Free version turned out to be faster in second test. And the differences are not that big either… Report comment Reply Bill says: October 18, 2016 at 6:38 am Since the latest Atmel studio currently refuses to install on my windows 7 PC, I’m hoping the merger will give us some toolchain improvements. Report comment Reply x3n0x says: October 18, 2016 at 11:48 am Don’t worry. You haven’t missed much by not using Atmel Studio 7, except the extra bloat etc… Report comment Reply wilbertofdelaware says: October 18, 2016 at 7:08 am atmel studio will free version will get a crippled compiler and for basic “optimizations” you will pay $$$$ Report comment Reply Ken N says: October 18, 2016 at 9:30 am I finally got with PICs (mostly 8-bit) about 9 years ago. I struggled with MPLAB and had some success… but things really took off for me when I tried sourceboost (C compilers, so-so IDE and some really nice emulation plugins). The pace of updating has been glacial, might almost be abandonware, but sourceboost’s free C compiler level plus the $20 plugins has met all my PIC 8-bit development needs so far. About a year ago, I finally tried out the Arduino ecosystem, as part of my playing with ESP8266. And wow… with all the libraries and their ‘harmonization’ of the build/deploy process to so many different boards… pretty addictive. Add to that the availability of useful form-factors at low low price (eg a Nano clone for $3). I’m now using the vMicro Arduino plugin for Visual Studio to get a better IDE. All-in-all, Arduino is a much friendlier and more active universe for embedded processer learning and development. By comparison, getting into PICs was a slog. I think I know where most hobbyists/hackers will be found. PIC now has MPLAB Xpress (online IDE) and a little board to go along with it… I’ve got one, but again, Arduino is still friendlier and cheaper. Now I’m not a power-user or a commercial developer. I suppose MicroChip is getting most of their sales from commercial users. Report comment Reply Jacques1956 says: October 18, 2016 at 9:52 am “I suppose MicroChip is getting most of their sales from commercial users.” It is the case of all MCU manufacturers. Whatever the success of Arduino Atmel didn’t made their buisiness with it. How many electronic thermometers, remote control, etc are sold every year? a lot more than any Arduino board. Those who think that 8 bits MCU will be dead soon don’t understand the market. All those small electronic devices sold by million every year is where the 8 bits MCU market is, not the hobbyist/maker/hacker. quiz: how MCU there is in a car today? “It is estimated that today’s well-equipped automobile uses more than 50 microcontroller units (MCUs).” source: http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?arnumber=6004783 Report comment Reply Ken N says: October 18, 2016 at 11:04 am All good points. And i still love my 8-bit PICs. I wouldn’t be surprised though, if designs that start out as Arduino prototypes start showing up in finished products as well. With proper testing for function and safety, of course… On that point, I have to say that some of the MCU designs in our appliances are downright f#@king embarrassing (google “dryer E68 error” Grrrrr.) I hope MicroChip continues in their efforts to make their entry-level stuff easier and more accessible. Report comment Reply evad says: October 18, 2016 at 10:00 pm Stuck button error code? Check out the software requirements for making a dryer. EN/UL-60335, Annex R. Good luck with Arduino getting the necessary documentation, tool-chain relics and compliance with the product safety class required for the software “component.” As more and more products get swept into 60730 and 60335, the scope of what you can sell without at least Class B libraries will get smaller and smaller. Report comment Reply drenehtsral says: October 18, 2016 at 9:54 am I, for one, welcome our new microcontroller overlords. That being said, I’m a dyed-in-the-wool PIC user and have been since 1997 or so. What I expect to see more of (and which I am already seeing some of) is cross pollination of peripherals. What Microchip did right with the PIC32 line was introducing the concept of all peripheral registers having a normal r/w persona and three aliases for set, clear, and invert. That allows for bit-twiddling of peripherals on instruction sets that don’t provide those operations natively. This means you can harness any core to such peripheral devices and have a working microcontroller. I would like to see that model applied to the best peripherals from both IP portfolios and then see those available on a range of cores for the various niche needs as well as general purpose embedded smarts. This is what Microchip had excelled at over the years and I expect them to continue. They have already started this with the low cost PIC32MM motor control / power control MCUs which have the three-phase (six output) smart PWM in a $1.50 (quantity one) micro. If I am not mistaken that peripheral came from Atmel originally. Report comment Reply jcamdr says: October 18, 2016 at 9:56 am While START is certainly a good idea, I found it unable to even load many examples using the SAMD21 There fail on missing dependencies. The USB examples are not functional at all. Look like there don’t have a script that automatically test all the example before releasing it on the web. Report comment Reply Miroslav says: October 18, 2016 at 10:39 am Atmega328 is CAN $4.77 from my usual supplier (http://www.digikey.ca/product-detail/en/atmel/ATMEGA328-PU/ATMEGA328-PU-ND/2271026). Meanwhile I can buy the entire Arduino Uno clone from aliexpress for about the same cost. Strange times. If Atmel line goes down, I hope that Chinese will be quick to produce a compatible chip. Report comment Reply some guy says: October 18, 2016 at 11:39 am >Meanwhile I can buy the entire Arduino Uno clone from aliexpress for about the same cost. Strange times But you don’t know what chip you get. Might be a bad clone, might be an original but off-spec recovered from the bin, … Report comment Reply rnjacobs says: October 18, 2016 at 11:08 am I’d like to point out that Microchip’s purchase of SST … those parts are still exclusively badged “SST”. Microchip’s purchase of HI-TECH … the compiler is still badged “HI-TECH C” I wouldn’t be surprised if “changing the branding” is simply not something they’re thinking about now, nor anywhere in the nearish future. Report comment Reply evad says: October 18, 2016 at 6:27 pm Don’t forget SMSC Report comment Reply halherta says: October 18, 2016 at 11:54 am 8-bit microcontrollers are old and antiquated. 32-bit microcontrollers are modern, offer more performance and ease of programming. With the exception of the AVR all other 8-bit architectures are not optimized for C programming. 2K of RAM even on AVRs is not enough to program in C comfortably. The Cortex-m0 core, costs less than 8-bit cores, exhibits similar or less power dissipation, improved performance and ease of programming in C/C++. Microchip 8-bit microcontrollers are exceptionally horrible on the tools, architecture and performance fronts. They have decent peripherals but nothing to write home about. The PIC32/dsPIC/PIC24 families are much better options in my mind and I’d use them if Microchip didn’t cripple the GCC toolchain optimization for these devices. The AVRs are still cool if you’re doing basic arduino stuff. For everything else I’d use Atmel cortex-m0 cores, TI’s TIVA C cortex m4s, or anything by STM32s. You can get STM32 Cortex-m0 in really tiny 20 pin SSOPS and 0.8mm 32-TQFPs packaging. They’re cheap, powerful easy to program in C and come with impressive peripherals. As far as I’m concerned Microchip and to a lesser extent Atmel are becoming increasingly less relevant in the Embedded industry, This becomes even more apparent when taking a good look at how many design wins the STM32 is taking as well as the rising popularity of the ESP32 and ESP8266 chips in the hobbyist/Maker arena Report comment Reply bubba gump says: October 18, 2016 at 3:40 pm You have never worked for a company period. That has turned a profit period. I have worked with companies that allow sloppy stupid engineers to use a 32 bit micro and we come in and put in a 16 bit, or you use a 16 bit and we put in in an eight. There are still products that use 555’s for things that weren’t supposed to be. Be real, get real and get a job. Report comment Reply profumple says: October 18, 2016 at 5:27 pm Back in the basement with u. How’d you get out? 339 comparator with ur name on it waiting for you. Report comment Reply halherta says: October 18, 2016 at 6:54 pm Since we’re going to start making assumptions about each other, most people who still advocate 8 bit/16-bit over 32-bit are outdated and keep clinging onto how things were done in the past because they’re unwilling/ unable or fear change. This is stupid and does not inspire. The 1990s called, they want their crappy 8/16 bit microcontrollers back (especially the ones from Microchhip). Even if i have to use an 8-bit microcontroller…I wouldn’t touch Microchip products PIC16/PIC18 with a 10-foot pole. Because let’s face it….most PIC16/PIC18 microcontrollers are GARBAGE. They’ve been garbage for at least 20 years now. They’re inferior to AVRs and always have been core wise. Some of their peripherals are better, bit so what. Most cortex-M0 have peripherals that blow the PIC16/PIC18 peripherals out of the water. The fact is that 32-bit micros come in so many varieties low pin count, low memory count, low power, low cost e.t.c32-bit can be lean, mean and low cost….much lower cost than the 30 year old crappy PIC18/PIC16. They’re also easier to program and have decent open source tools that can be acquired for free. Unlike Microchip’s cheap attempt at making its own 16/32 bit compilers by ripping off open source toolchains and crippling their optimizations. Oh well I guess we won’t be seeing eye to eye on this matter anytime soon. Report comment Reply Ken N says: October 18, 2016 at 7:18 pm Most people working with 8-bit micro’s these days are just whipping up something modest, some digital dirt to replace a handful of CMOS, fart some serial, and put chars on a LCD display. Oh and blink a LED. 32 bit MCUs are lovely, but you don’t need a Cray to read a DS18B20 I must disagree on the C programmability of PIC16 stuff… they work for me, and maybe a few others. It would be interesting to compare the reliability of some venerable 8-bit parts vs some new low-pin-count 3.3v 32bit jewels in the rougher applications. I will continue to disagree until my last tube of PICs are used up… then I will try something newer, then jump onto HaD to tell you that THESE are the cat’s nuts :-) Report comment Reply Neil says: October 18, 2016 at 8:15 pm “fart some serial”. You, sir, just made my day. Report comment evad says: October 18, 2016 at 9:47 pm Nice opinion there. STM can’t seem to make a lot of money, on any of their products. That’s a big problem. “As far as I’m concerned Microchip and to a lesser extent Atmel are becoming increasingly less relevant in the Embedded industry, This becomes even more apparent when taking a good look at how many design wins the STM32 is taking as well as the rising popularity of the ESP32 and ESP8266 chips in the hobbyist/Maker arena” I don’t know of a serious business that is considering ESP32 or ES8266 in their products, only the maker / kickstarter crowd. STM gets design wins because their parts are the lowest cost with reasonable support, right now. I would know, I design them in over other vendors unless the customer requires me to use a particular microcontroller. I don’t know how long a company can have negative revenue year-over-year and still survive, but ST is running that experiment. Microchip’s issue now is that they are making and supporting a variety of heterogeneous architectures. When I asked the microchip reps this they don’t seem to know how it will all shake out. Microchip’s claim to fame was that they never obsoleted parts (except for failed PIC17.) The 32 bit micros may be easier to use but the lowest cost from ST seems to be STM8S003 series. It also has real EEPROM with a lot of write cycles. I2C EEPROM is cheap, but that’s an additional part and pins. STM32L series has real EEPROM but costs a whole lot more than the STM32F or STM8. The Flash rewrite life on the STM32F series is comically low. like 2K / 10K writes for many of the cheap parts. But whatever floats your boat. I could see like TI buying ST just for their MEMs stuff. Report comment Reply Stefan Meiser says: October 19, 2016 at 2:07 am You got to the point. At least all european union citizens are paying tge negative revenue of ST with their taxes and financing this system. So far Draghi is putting lot of printed money in this business but guess what will happen if this one day stops? For the non-european users here, buying st component also currently sponsors this kind of business. Report comment Reply evad says: October 18, 2016 at 9:53 pm I look forward to eating your lunch. Report comment Reply Moryc says: October 18, 2016 at 11:48 pm Then riddle me this, o wise one, why there are 4-bit microcontrollers still in use? Also how much computational power you need to run a fridge, washing machine or vending machine? How much MIPS you would need to make car windows that close automatically when you lock the car? 8-bit micros are here to stay, and you are wrong. 8-bit microcontrollers are in use for 44 years now, and I’m expecting them to stay for another twenty years at least. And as prices of more advanced microcontrollers drop, prices of 8-bit ones drop too, and they keep gaining better and more advanced peripherals… Read this: http://www.designnews.com/author.asp?doc_id=278431 Report comment Reply halherta says: October 19, 2016 at 4:49 am It’s not necessarily about processing speed it’s also about time to market. A 32-bit can comfortably be programmed in C with vendor provided peripheral libraries. The combination of both of these means than designs can get of the ground running quickly and effectively. The final program/firmware may not be as optimized as if it were written on a 4-bit microcontroller in assembly, but it works, its tested and is compliant with the necessary standards. It also took a significantly shorter time to develop than writing assembly for an 8-bit/4-bit microcontroller. Also please name me one 4 bit microcontroller. I’ve been working on and off with microcontrollers for 20 years never ever came across a 4-bit microcontroller. Besides I thought that many of the systems required to do simple things like control a vending machine or open a car window were made in China anyways nowadays. I never said that 8-bits are dead….but they’re definitely in decline and for good reason…..because 32-bit micros are so much better. It’s not about the MIPS, but rather overall convenience, cost and time to market. Anyone starting in Microcontrollers today should focus primarily on 32-bit micros. There’s a reason why no one uses the 6502 anymore….Heck when was the last time anyone here about a new product utilizing the 68HC11? or even the 32-bitter 68332? These microcontrollers/microoprocessors are all very old and not used in new designs because better options out there; primarily cortex-m0/m3/m4 micros. Despite their age (40 years+) all three actually have well designed cores that are superior to the PIC16/PIC18 core. Report comment Reply VEC7OR says: October 19, 2016 at 7:12 am Epson S1C60 series, Samsung S3C7, you know the stuff that runs toothbrushes and dildos. Report comment Reply external_bus says: October 19, 2016 at 7:24 am The 68HC11 can be setup to use external data/program memory thru a bus, I miss that sort of funcionality. Does anybody knows if there are any newer parts (from any semiconductor manufacturer) with that functionality? Report comment Reply mac012345 says: October 19, 2016 at 8:59 am NXP Kinetis Flexbus? Report comment Miroslav says: October 19, 2016 at 7:58 am “””There’s a reason why no one uses the 6502 anymore….Heck when was the last time anyone here about a new product utilizing the 68HC11?””” – extra support chips required, that’s why. Modern microcontrollers don’t need external components. Report comment Reply 2FTG says: October 19, 2016 at 4:11 pm Shitloads of stuff have embedded 6502 cores. 8051 is still hugely popular. Report comment Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Search Search for: Never miss a hack Follow on facebook Follow on google+ Follow on twitter Follow on youtube Follow on rss Contact us Subscribe If you missed it Medium Over Message: A CD-ROM Multimedia Bubble Survivor’s Tale 56 Comments The Little Mechanism That Made Precise Time-keeping Possible 30 Comments Path To Craftsmanship: Don’t Buy Awful Safety Gear 69 Comments An Introduction to CNC Machine Control 29 Comments Resurrection — Pressing WW2 Radio Equipment Back into Service 25 Comments More from this category CategoriesCategories Select Category 3d Printer hacks Android Hacks Arduino Hacks ARM Ask Hackaday ATtiny Hacks Beer Hacks blackberry hacks Business car hacks Cellphone Hacks chemistry hacks classic hacks clock hacks cnc hacks computer hacks cons contests cooking hacks Crowd Funding Curated Current Events digital audio hacks digital cameras hacks downloads hacks drone hacks Engine Hacks Engineering Fail of the Week Featured Fiction firefox hacks FPGA g1 hacks google hacks gps hacks green hacks Hackaday Columns Hackaday links Hackaday Store Hackerspaces HackIt handhelds hacks hardware History Holiday Hacks home entertainment hacks home hacks how-to Interest internet hacks Interviews iphone hacks ipod hacks Kindle hacks Kinect hacks laptops hacks laser hacks led hacks lifehacks linux hacks lockpicking hacks macs hacks major tom Medical hacks Microcontrollers misc hacks multitouch hacks musical hacks netbook hacks Network Hacks news nintendo ds hacks nintendo gameboy hacks nintendo hacks nintendo wii hacks Nook Hacks Original Art palm pre hacks parts peripherals hacks phone hacks playstation hacks podcasts portable audio hacks portable video hacks psp hacks radio hacks rants Raspberry Pi repair hacks Retrotechtacular reviews robots hacks roundup security hacks Skills slider Software Development software hacks solar hacks tablet pcs hacks teardown Tech Hacks The Hackaday Prize tool hacks toy hacks transportation hacks Uncategorized video hacks Virtual Reality weapons hacks wearable hacks Weekly roundup wireless hacks xbox hacks Our Columns New Part Day: Smoothie For RAMPS 53 Comments Ask Hackaday: How Do You Convert Negative Voltages to Positive? 75 Comments Hackaday Links: November 13, 2016 15 Comments Hackenings: KiCAD, Science, DevOps, and Cyber 3 Comments Retrotechtacular: The Golden Book of Chemistry Experiments 33 Comments More from this category Recent comments Moryc on An SDR For The Rest Of Them joe dyke on Waiting For A Letter? This IoT Mailbox Will Tell You Exactly When It Arrives. SebiR on The Little Mechanism That Made Precise Time-keeping Possible kb on Make Water Bridges With High Voltages targetdrone on An SDR For The Rest Of Them DV82XL on An SDR For The Rest Of Them x3n0x on Medium Over Message: A CD-ROM Multimedia Bubble Survivor’s Tale Leithoa on The Little Mechanism That Made Precise Time-keeping Possible Z00111111 on Waiting For A Letter? This IoT Mailbox Will Tell You Exactly When It Arrives. Eugene on Medium Over Message: A CD-ROM Multimedia Bubble Survivor’s Tale Now on Hackaday.io David H Haffner Sr has updated the log for 3D-Printable Raman Field Use Spectrometer. PhilMo6 has added a new log for Lua Pi Pan. Adam Fabio wrote a reply on The 1kB Challenge. Adam Fabio wrote a reply on The 1kB Challenge. Sci wrote a comment on Printed Semiconductors for 3D Metal Printers. vlk liked Supercapacitor powered LED jewelry. Mark Sherman has updated the project titled Cat-644. Peter Noyes has added a new log for Dodo: 6502 Game System. Mark Sherman has added a new log for Cat-644. katbinx liked sdramThingZero - 133MS/s 32-bit Logic Analyzer. Home Blog Hackaday.io Store Hackaday Prize Video Submit a tip About Contact us Never miss a hack Follow on facebook Follow on google+ Follow on twitter Follow on youtube Follow on rss Contact us Subscribe to Newsletter Copyright © 2016 | Hackaday, Hack A Day, and the Skull and Wrenches Logo are Trademarks of Hackaday.com Powered by WordPress.com VIP
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Competitions Games Games Accessories Handheld Mobile Games Nintendo PC Gaming More PlayStation Toys VR Xbox Trending: iOS 10 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / VR News / VR headsets will be the size of regular glasses "very soon", says Qualcomm VR headsets will be the size of regular glasses "very soon", says Qualcomm by Alastair Stevenson 18 October 2016 0 shares Read Comments Virtual- and augmented-reality headsets will be the size of regular glasses in the near future, according to Qualcomm. Qualcomm senior vice president Raj Talluri made the claim during a keynote at the company’s 5G summit, attended by TrustedReviews. “We’ve loaded our hardware into the Gear, plus a bunch [of other headsets] already. We've found that because of increases in processing, we can now build mobile VR devices where you don’t need to tether them to your phone,” he said. “If you look at my glasses, they [VR/AR headsets] won’t look too different in a few years. They’re not there right now, but we can already see that eventually they will be.” According to Talluri, the glasses will revolutionise the way people consume media such as sports. “The way you watch sports, watch the action and broadcasting in general is going to be very different. With sports, the court side is the best seat,” he said. “Imagine there’s someone sitting there with a 360 camera recording the action, and you’re in your living room wearing these glasses getting the same view as the them. Move your head and you can see exactly the same view.” Talluri added: “With further advances you’ll even be able to get up and walk around.” Qualcomm is one of many companies talking about 3D sports entertainment. Intel announced that Red Bull Media House and X Games will be using its RealSense cameras and Curie chips to create interactive 3D viewing experiences at CES in January. The tech wasn’t showcased in VR, but Intel did also exhibit a number of augmented-reality headsets running Curie chips. It’s all about 5G and pushing beyond 4K – apparently Qualcomm CTO Matt Grob said that, even with more advanced standalone headsets, VR and AR won’t become mass-market products until the launch of 5G. “5G will let us stream high-quality 360-degree VR from anywhere. When you have the ability to offer a Gbps, low-latency, low-cost connection, you can take advantage of cloud processing. That’s what’s going to enable companies such as Magic Leap and many others to bring Hollywood-style graphics, in real-time, to large numbers of people,” he said. The news comes mere hours after Qualcomm announced its first 5G modem: the Snapdragon X50. The X50 is designed to support early 5G trials and launches on Verizon in the US and in Korea with Korea Telecom, and will support 5Gbps download speeds. Grob said the tech will let companies create “beyond 4K” entertainment experiences. “When I say beyond 4K, you may think why beyond 4K? If you look at a 4K screen compared to a lower-res one you may think it is better than regular HD. But if you take that, project it across your entire field of view, use some pixels for the left, some for the right, 4K may not be enough,” he explained. “So to get true immersion you need a lot of wireless technology. Bandwidth up to 1GHz, multiple Gbps downloads for 4K movies [...] With 5G we can support over 1,00,000 high-speed video connections within the space of a city block. That will allow VR and AR experiences to be had by everyone.” Qualcomm isn’t the only company looking to use 5G to grow its AR/VR offering. Microsoft corporate vice president Nagraj Kashyap listed increased data connectivity as a key challenge facing numerous emerging technologies, during a separate keynote at the summit. “There will be adoption of AR, VR and everything in-between. But these experiences will not come into commission if we don’t have high-speed mobile and home networks. We need to work on this as an industry,” he said. “A world where the mobility of experiences, be it car, a drone or a mixed reality, we need continued improvements in mobile networks and cloud computing to fuel the next industrial revolution.” Microsoft is currently working to release a wired, HoloLens, augmented-reality headset. It's currently in development, but tech demos have shown it being used for everything from gaming to medical research. Related: PlayStation VR vs Oculus Rift Watch: PlayStation VR review Excited about watching the footie in 360 degrees using a nifty VR headset? Let us know in the comments below. 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2016, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Mittwoch, 16.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»Wall Street Set For Strong Start On Stronger Commodities 18.10.2016 | 13:03 (4 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) AFX News·Mehr Nachrichten von AFX News Wall Street Set For Strong Start On Stronger Commodities WASHINGTON (dpa-AFX) - Trading in the U.S. index futures suggest that Wall Street stocks may open Tuesday's session higher on stronger commodities. The market is looking ahead for the Consumer Price Index and Redbook data. Intel and Yahoo are due to report their results today. As of 6:15 am ET, the Dow futures are climbing 68 points, the S&P 500 futures are advancing 9.75 points and the Nasdaq 100 futures are up 26 points. U.S. markets closed modestly lower on Monday after showing a lack of direction throughout much of the session. The Dow dipped 51.98 points or 0.3 percent, the Nasdaq fell 14.34 points or 0.3 percent and the S&P 500 slid 6.48 points or 0.3 percent. On the economic front, U.S. Department of Labor is expected to release the Consumer Price Index for September at 8.30 am ET. Consensus is for a growth of 0.3 percent, up from 0.2 percent in the previous month. The Johnson Redbook index, a weekly measure of comparable store sales at chain stores, discounters, and department stores for the week will be published at 8.55 am ET. In the prior week it recorded growth of 0.5 percent. The National Association of Home Builders/Wells Fargo's Housing market index for October will be published at 10.00 am ET. Economists are looking for 63, down from 65 last month. The U.S. Treasury International Capital for August will be published at 4.00 pm ET. In the previous month foreign demand for long term U.S. term securities was $103.9 billion. In the corporate segment, International Business Machines Corp. (IBM) reported a drop in profit for the third quarter to $2.85 billion or $2.98 per share from $2.95 billion or $3.03 per share last year. Excluding one-time items, earnings from continuing operations fell to $3.29 per share. Analysts were looking for earnings estimate of $3.24 per share for the quarter. IBM's third-quarter revenues dropped to $19.23 billion from $19.28 billion last year. Shire plc (SHPG) announced that the European Commission has granted Marketing Authorization of Onivyde also known as nal-IRI or MM-398. It is intended for the treatment of metastatic adenocarcinoma of the pancreas, in combination with 5-fluorouracil and leucovorin, in adult patients who have progressed following gemcitabine-based therapy. Sealed Air Corp. (SEE) announced a plan to pursue the spin-off of its Diversey Care division and the food hygiene and cleaning business within its Food Care division. The company said the remaining Sealed Air business will continue as an independent public company. IDEX Corp. (IEX) announced an increase in third quarter profit to $70.47 million, or $0.92 per share from $69.36 million, or $0.89 per share, in last year's third quarter. Analysts expected $0.92 per share. Revenue for the quarter rose 5.3 percent to $530.36 million. This was up from $503.79 million last year. United Continental Holdings Inc. (UAL) announced a decline in third quarter profit to $1.00 billion, or $3.11 per share from $1.70 billion, or $4.53 per share, in last year's third quarter. Revenue for the quarter fell 3.9 percent to $9.91 billion. This was down from $10.31 billion last year. Standex International Corp. (SXI) announced the acquisition of South Carolina-based Horizon Scientific, Inc., a supplier of laboratory refrigerators and freezers, as well as cryogenic equipment for the scientific, bio-medical and pharmaceutical markets. Terms of the deal were not disclosed. Standex expects the acquisition to be accretive to earnings per share by $0.01-$0.02 in fiscal 2017 and $0.07-$0.09 in fiscal 2018, net of purchase accounting and acquisition costs. Visa Inc. (V) named Alfred Kelly, Jr. CEO to replace Charlie Scharf as Chief Executive Officer and as a board member. Alfred Kelly, Jr. has been appointed as Visa's new CEO. Asian stocks rose broadly on Tuesday as oil prices inched higher and mixed U.S. economic data helped ease worries about a possible rate hike by the Federal Reserve. Chinese shares inched higher as selling in 'B' shares has abated and investors looked ahead to third-quarter GDP data due out Wednesday for direction. The Shanghai Composite index rallied 42.71 points or 1.40 percent to 3,083.88 while Hong Kong's Hang Seng index is up 356 points or 1.55 percent at 23.394. Japanese shares recovered from a weak start to end modestly higher. The Nikkei average rose 63.49 points or 0.38 percent to 16,963.61 while the broader Topix index closed 0.30 percent higher at 1,356.57. Australian shares rose, led by miners and financials. The benchmark S&P/ASX 200 index rose by 22.10 points or 0.41 percent to 5,410.80, snapping a four-day losing streak. The broader All Ordinaries index closed up 21.10 points or 0.39 percent at 5,492. European shares are trading mostly higher. Among the major indexes in the region, the CAC 40 Index of France is up 1.28 percent, the German DAX is climbing 1.05 percent, the U.K. FTSE 100 Index is advancing 1.05 percent and the Swiss Market Index is increasing 1.04 percent. The Euro Stoxx 50 Index, which is a compilation of 50 blue chip stocks across the euro area, is up 1.15 percent. Copyright RTT News/dpa-AFX © 2016 AFX News Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Commentary   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Wall Street Set For Strong Start On Stronger Commodities 10/18/2016 6:47 AM ET Trading in the U.S. index futures suggest that Wall Street stocks may open Tuesday's session higher on stronger commodities. The market is looking ahead for the Consumer Price Index and Redbook data. Intel and Yahoo are due to report their results today. As of 6:15 am ET, the Dow futures are climbing 68 points, the S&P 500 futures are advancing 9.75 points and the Nasdaq 100 futures are up 26 points. U.S. markets closed modestly lower on Monday after showing a lack of direction throughout much of the session. The Dow dipped 51.98 points or 0.3 percent, the Nasdaq fell 14.34 points or 0.3 percent and the S&P 500 slid 6.48 points or 0.3 percent. On the economic front, U.S. Department of Labor is expected to release the Consumer Price Index for September at 8.30 am ET. Consensus is for a growth of 0.3 percent, up from 0.2 percent in the previous month. The Johnson Redbook index, a weekly measure of comparable store sales at chain stores, discounters, and department stores for the week will be published at 8.55 am ET. In the prior week it recorded growth of 0.5 percent. The National Association of Home Builders/Wells Fargo's Housing market index for October will be published at 10.00 am ET. Economists are looking for 63, down from 65 last month. The U.S. Treasury International Capital for August will be published at 4.00 pm ET. In the previous month foreign demand for long term U.S. term securities was $103.9 billion. In the corporate segment, International Business Machines Corp. (IBM) reported a drop in profit for the third quarter to $2.85 billion or $2.98 per share from $2.95 billion or $3.03 per share last year. Excluding one-time items, earnings from continuing operations fell to $3.29 per share. Analysts were looking for earnings estimate of $3.24 per share for the quarter. IBM's third-quarter revenues dropped to $19.23 billion from $19.28 billion last year. Shire plc (SHPG) announced that the European Commission has granted Marketing Authorization of Onivyde also known as nal-IRI or MM-398. It is intended for the treatment of metastatic adenocarcinoma of the pancreas, in combination with 5-fluorouracil and leucovorin, in adult patients who have progressed following gemcitabine-based therapy. Sealed Air Corp. (SEE) announced a plan to pursue the spin-off of its Diversey Care division and the food hygiene and cleaning business within its Food Care division. The company said the remaining Sealed Air business will continue as an independent public company. IDEX Corp. (IEX) announced an increase in third quarter profit to $70.47 million, or $0.92 per share from $69.36 million, or $0.89 per share, in last year's third quarter. Analysts expected $0.92 per share. Revenue for the quarter rose 5.3 percent to $530.36 million. This was up from $503.79 million last year. United Continental Holdings Inc. (UAL) announced a decline in third quarter profit to $1.00 billion, or $3.11 per share from $1.70 billion, or $4.53 per share, in last year's third quarter. Revenue for the quarter fell 3.9 percent to $9.91 billion. This was down from $10.31 billion last year. Standex International Corp. (SXI) announced the acquisition of South Carolina-based Horizon Scientific, Inc., a supplier of laboratory refrigerators and freezers, as well as cryogenic equipment for the scientific, bio-medical and pharmaceutical markets. Terms of the deal were not disclosed. Standex expects the acquisition to be accretive to earnings per share by $0.01-$0.02 in fiscal 2017 and $0.07-$0.09 in fiscal 2018, net of purchase accounting and acquisition costs. Visa Inc. (V) named Alfred Kelly, Jr. CEO to replace Charlie Scharf as Chief Executive Officer and as a board member. Alfred Kelly, Jr. has been appointed as Visa's new CEO. Asian stocks rose broadly on Tuesday as oil prices inched higher and mixed U.S. economic data helped ease worries about a possible rate hike by the Federal Reserve. Chinese shares inched higher as selling in 'B' shares has abated and investors looked ahead to third-quarter GDP data due out Wednesday for direction. The Shanghai Composite index rallied 42.71 points or 1.40 percent to 3,083.88 while Hong Kong's Hang Seng index is up 356 points or 1.55 percent at 23.394. Japanese shares recovered from a weak start to end modestly higher. The Nikkei average rose 63.49 points or 0.38 percent to 16,963.61 while the broader Topix index closed 0.30 percent higher at 1,356.57. Australian shares rose, led by miners and financials. The benchmark S&P/ASX 200 index rose by 22.10 points or 0.41 percent to 5,410.80, snapping a four-day losing streak. The broader All Ordinaries index closed up 21.10 points or 0.39 percent at 5,492. European shares are trading mostly higher. Among the major indexes in the region, the CAC 40 Index of France is up 1.28 percent, the German DAX is climbing 1.05 percent, the U.K. FTSE 100 Index is advancing 1.05 percent and the Swiss Market Index is increasing 1.04 percent. The Euro Stoxx 50 Index, which is a compilation of 50 blue chip stocks across the euro area, is up 1.15 percent. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com The Most Influential Books In Business Fed Chatterbox: Economic Preview Week of November 14 Forget Canada: The Best Places To Flee Trump's America More Commentary -Global European Shares Seen Extending Gains Sensex, Nifty Pare Early Gains Asian Markets In Positive Territory Sensex, Nifty Seeking Rebound After Selloff Higher Open Called For Thai Stock Market Indonesia Stock Market May Snap Losing Streak Additional Support Expected For Hong Kong Shares Renewed Support Tipped For China Bourse Taiwan Stock Market May Snap Losing Streak Singapore Bourse Likely To Crack Resistance At 2,800 Points Malaysia Market May Extend Tuesday's Gains South Korea Shares May Find Traction On Wednesday Stocks Close Mostly Higher Following Upbeat Retail Sales Data - U.S. Commentary Major Averages Remain Mixed In Mid-Day Trading - U.S. Commentary European Markets Finish Mostly Higher, But Little Changed Overall <<Previous        58 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Snapchat Parent Confidentially Initiates IPO Process Amazon Switching From Wrapping Paper To Reusable Bags Home Depot Black Friday Deals Heavy On Appliances Home Depot Lifts FY EPS View In Line With Market As Q3 Results Top Estimates Vodafone Slips To Pre-Tax Loss On Hefty India Charge; Narrows FY View Merck KgaA Lifts FY16 Earnings View As Q3 Results Climb, Stock Up Crew Members Hurt As Canadian Plane Swerves To Avoid Possible Drone Amaya Gets Huge Buyout Bid From Former CEO Zuckerberg: Facebook Hoax News Did Not Get Trump Elected Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Siemens To Buy Mentor Graphics For $4.5 Bln Enterprise Value AMGN Crosses BRIDGE, Anxiety Over PTCT's Translarna Eases, EGRX Opens Wallet ANTH Plunges As Lupus Trial Fails, BMY's Opdivo Is At It Again, FDA Nod For GILD FDA Snubs DVAX, Keep An Eye On OCUL, It's All Green For BLUE United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on Nokia Sets Financial & Strategic Targets; Remains Focused On Cost Saving Program Allianz Stock Climbs On Q3 Profit Growth, Confirms FY16 Profit View Home Depot Black Friday Deals Heavy On Appliances Upgrade: Steel Stocks In For Trump Renaissance Crew Members Hurt As Canadian Plane Swerves To Avoid Possible Drone Nasty Gal Files For Bankruptcy Facebook Says Stops Allowing Ads To Target Ethnic Groups Novartis Reportedly Considering Sale Of Alcon Eye Care Division United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars Erickson Says Bankruptcy Court Approves Interim DIP Financing Sumitomo Electric Starts Operation Of CPV Power Generation Plant In Morocco Allianz Group Q3 Profit Climbs; Confirms 2016 Operating Profit Outlook NTT H1 Profit Up, Sales Down; Lifts FY Profit View, Cuts Sales Forecast Bechtle Q3 Profit Rises; Outlook For Year Adjusted Upwards Innogy 9-month Profit Declines; Confirms Forecast - Quick Facts SIG 4-Month Revenues Rise, LFL Revenues Down; CEO Stuart Mitchell Steps Down Konami Q2 Profit Rises, Revenues Down - Quick Facts ANTH Plunges As Lupus Trial Fails, BMY's Opdivo Is At It Again, FDA Nod For GILD Copyright © 2016 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Search Android Community Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Lenovo Yoga Book Review By Juan Carlos Torres - October 18, 2016 1 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter You can probably count on one hand, or at most two, the very few Android tablets that have really made people’s heads turn. The very first Samsung Galaxy Note tablet, ASUS’ transforming PadFones, NVIDIA’s original SHIELD handheld and 5-inch tablet in one, just to name a few. And it has actually been quite a while since anyone dared to change the tried and true and really old tablet formula. This year, however, Lenovo has chosen to, in some ways, throw caution to the wind with the odd but interesting Yoga Book. We take a deep dive to see if this is really the tablet that no one asked for but everyone would want. The Spiel “The ultimate 2-in-1 productivity tablet.” That is Lenovo’s tag line for the Yoga Book. That already is a big departure from most Android tablets, most of which focus squarely on using tablets for leisure, with only a pinch of productivity on the sides. And even then rather forced and painful. Even Lenovo’s other Yoga tablets are of that same breed. In contrast, the Yoga Book is geared towards making content rather than just consuming them. The form factor alone already speaks volumes, resembling Lenovo’s line of 360-degree Yoga laptops more than its big-hinged Yoga tablets. But if you have, in any way, read about the Yoga Book before, you’ll probably already know that it is no ordinary 2-in-1 tablet or laptop. It is, in fact, 2 tablets in 1. The Tablet Although Lenovo is, of course, marketing it as just one product, the Yoga Book is actually made of up two tablets joined at the hip. Or watchband hinge rather. Amusingly enough, the “real” tablet is perhaps the least interesting of the two. That’s not to say, however, that it is negligible. That tablet, the one with the display, is actually a typical mobile device. Unlike most Android tablets, the Yoga Book is one of the few that runs on an Intel processor, specifically an Atom x5-Z8550. This was done not out of loyalty to the CPU brand and architecture but because Lenovo wanted to offer the exact same hardware with two different operating systems, Android or Windows 10. While Android can actually run on x86 processors, Windows 10, the full flavor, doesn’t really mix well with ARM chips. The rest of the specs are pretty much high-end, except for the display. That’s a 10.1-inch 1920×1200 Full HD IPS LCD screen. Given the smaller size, however, that’s a bit bearable, even in today’s WQHD or 2K screens. The rear camera only has 8 megapixels while the front one gets 2 megapixel only. Unimpressive, sure, but not exactly unusual for tablets. It has a whopping 8,500 mAh battery, which is just about right since it’s powering 2 devices after all. Here’s a quick run down of those oh so important numbers: • Operating System: Android 6.0 (or Windows 10 Home) • CPU: Intel Atom x5-Z8550 • RAM: 4 GB • Storage: 64 GB, microSD up to 128 GB • Display: 10.1-inch 1920×1200 • Main Camera: 8 MP • Secondary Camera: 2 MP • Network: N/A • Connectivity: Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, Bluetooth 4.0 • Battery: 8,500 mAh • Dimensions: 256.6 mm x 170.8 mm x 9.6 mm • Weight: 690 g The Other Tablet Now comes the unusual part. The second half of the Lenovo Yoga Book is also a tablet, but not in the same vein as the other half. This is the type of tablet graphics artists would be more familiar with, at least before the advent of the iPad and its kin. This is basically a digitizer tablet, some call it graphics or drawing tablet, similar to those manufactured by Wacom. In fact, this one actually uses Wacom technologies as well. But unlike the regular Wacom drawing slates, this surface, which is formally called the “Create Pad”, actually serves two purposes: typing and scribbling. The first case is probably new to everyone’s ears. Whereas with other tablets you have attach a physical keyboard or make do with on-screen keyboards, the Halo Keyboard, the name given to this functionality, combines the best and worst of both. The Create Pad does actually display the outlines of a keyboard, hence the “Halo” name and, unlike on-screen keyboards, it doesn’t clutter up the display, taking up precious screen space. Unlike a real keyboard, however, there is very little by way of haptic feedback other than little vibrations, exactly like an on-screen keyboard. The vibrations, however, aren’t localized under which area you happened to have touched, making it feel more like a small general tremor across the surface. It is still debatable whether that kind of keyboard is more productive than an on-screen one as far as usability goes, but you can’t argue with the fact that it at least offers a more natural typing position. The debate about virtual keyboards has been raging on for years, with no end in sight just yet. In the near future, human fingers and brains might have evolved enough to make the arguments moot. For now, however, it’s an acceptable but imperfect compromise to an imperfect but unavoidable situation. A Noteworthy Addition The Yoga Book, however, shines brightest with the Create Pad’s second functionality, which is, perhaps, its true raison d’être. The Create Pad, as its name so plainly points out, is for creating, and you do that, not with the keyboard, but with a pen. This is where the “drawing tablet” part comes in. The Create Pad uses Wacom’s “Feel” EMR (Electromagnetic Resonance) technology to deliver a drawing and writing experience that boasts of 2,048 levels of pressure, as well as up to 100-degrees of tilt angle. This is comparable to the same features found in Wacom’s powered tablets like the Samsung Galaxy Note, the first two Microsoft Surface Pros, etc. Unlike similar technologies from N-Trig, Wacom’s newer AES (Active Electrostatic Solution), and Apple’s Pencil, the Yoga Book’s Real Pen doesn’t need to be recharged as it doesn’t have batteries. All the work is done by the digitizer, which emits EMR signals that the pen bounces back to convey its position and distance from the screen. Long story short, you practically have a Wacom graphics tablet permanently attached to your Android tablet. But that’s hardly the end of the story. The Create Pad actually uses another Wacom technology to give pen and paper lovers something to chew on as well. Recently, Wacom has put out products that came with actual paper, used actual ink, but also digitized those scribbles and drawings for safekeeping. That, too, uses EMR technology, so it only made sense to throw it into the Yoga Book as well. It works the same way as well, allowing you to write with a real ink pen on real paper. You don’t even need to keep a separate pen, as the Real Pen converts from digital stylus to ballpoint pen by simply changing the tips. The paper pad, formally called Book Pad, magnetically attaches to the Create Pad so you won’t have to worry about it slipping and ruining the digital recording of your handwritten notes. While you can definitely write on the paper without it being attached to the tablet, you won’t get a digital copy that way. A word must be given about using the Real Pen on the Yoga Book’s screen itself. That screen is fitted with Lenovo’s AnyPen technology, which, in a nutshell, means that any pointed object, be it a real pen, or even a carrot, can be used like you would a finger. This means that, yes, you can use the Real Pen on the screen, but it functions just like any capacitive (those rubbery types) stylus. So no pressure sensitivity there. That might be a huge letdown for those who prefer a direct to screen interaction similar to the Wacom Cintiq or iPad Pro. Many graphics artists, however, are still more used to the older ways of Intuoses and Bamboos. Such hardware capabilities will be for naught without software to take advantage of it. And while the Real Pen and Create Pad works great with apps like Art Rage, artists aren’t the Yoga Book’s only audience. Note-takers and scribblers are also included, and Lenovo has included its own Note Saver App for that purpose. Specifically, when the Book Pad is attached and the Create Pad is switching to drawing or writing mode, any scribble done on the Create Pad or the paper gets recorded and saved in the Note Saver app. And it works even when the tablet’s display is off or when it’s folded back so you have a single, easy to hold notepad. A Different Kind of Android As mentioned, a special kind of device needs a special kind of software. Sort of. While Android has long been on tablets, but it hasn’t exactly lent itself well to devices with keyboards and mice. Windows 10 has a bit of an advantage here, given its history with the Surface Pro. For the Yoga Book, Lenovo has had to change a few things to make Android a better fit for this unconventional form factor. It’s not as heavily customized as Remix OS, but the changes are still noticeable enough from a vanilla Android setup. For example, the three navigation buttons have been shifted from the center all the way to the left of the screen in a more “natural” position. This is actually somewhat similar to what Google did on the Pixel C, which isn’t standard Android at all. OEMs like Samsung and Motorola have done similar UI experiments in the past, but both eventually conceded to Google’s wishes for a more standard, but unoptimized, tablet interface. That’s not the only UI change, of course. Unlike in a Windows environment, the notifications and status icons are still at the top, but now split into two, with notifications on the left and status icons on the right. It’s an arguably better layout that doesn’t cram everything in the middle, especially when you’re going to use the tablet like a laptop most of the time. One of the biggest recent complaints about Android on tablets is its lack of multi-window modes. That is partly solved by Android 7.0 Nougat, but the Yoga Book still runs Android 6.0 Marshmallow. Instead of going overboard like Samsung’s TouchWiz UX, Lenovo opted to add just one multi-windowing feature. Sadly, it’s not split screen mode. Instead, you can run up to three apps in multi-window mode, which makes them appear in their smartphone layout and size. These can then be moved, pinned, minimized or maximized. They cannot, however, be resized. And the feature works only for “supported apps”, including Gmail, Chrome, YouTube, and Google Calendar. It’s not a full-fledged multi-window solution, but it is, at least, a compromise. Design and Performance Despite the geeky undertones, the Lenovo Yoga Book is something an artist, or anyone with fashion sense, wouldn’t be ashamed to be seen with. The 2-in-1 looks classy and slim, only 9.6 mm when folded and 4.05 mm at its thinnest edge, which happens to be the main tablet half of the device. It’s not exactly lightweight at 630 g. While heavier than, say, a 9.7-inch iPad Pro, it’s still considerably lighter than a Surface Pro 4. And you are, after all, getting two tablets for the price of one. Just don’t expect to be holding this with one hand for a prolonged period of time. Lenovo’s watchband hinge gives it a rather unique visual flair not unlike that of the Microsoft Surface Book. But unlike that odd detachable tablet, the Yoga Book leaves no gap when collapsed. But those hinges aren’t just for looks. It solves one of the biggest problems with 2-in-1 tablets, like the iPad Pro or the Surface Pro: holding the tablet half upright. It is strong enough to do that and, according to Lenovo, can survive 25,000 opening and closing movements. It would be ironic if the hinge actually outlived the tablet itself. The battery is no problem either. Although it doesn’t boast of any Quick Charge technology, the 15 hour battery life, on average use, can actually last you a day or so. Of course, your mileage will vary, depending on how productive you actually get. The biggest bottleneck, however, will be the processor. Intel’s Atom chips have never been known for their power, preferring to focus, instead, on energy efficiency and price. Although not entirely dismal, power users might quickly feel the churn of the power-efficient but low-performance Atom x5 when they start to do heavy multi-tasking. Fortunately, Android is designed to operate within hardware constraints, which could not be said the same of the Windows 10 version. Unfortunately, Android, particularly this Marshmallow version, isn’t that conducive to multi-tasking. Although it tried hard to offer some semblance of that, Lenovo’s multi-window feature could only go so far. It only supports a few apps and, even then, they can’t be resized at will. Most apps will run full screen in tablet mode and, even years after the disastrous tablet-centric Honeycomb, Android apps still wrestle with tablets in general. The one light of hope is Android 7.0 Nougat, which Lenovo says is coming this fall but isn’t promising a date just yet. The Lenovo Yoga Book comes in two operating system flavors and, therefore, prices. The Android model goes for $499.99 while the Windows 10 Home Anniversary Edition costs $549.99. Unlike other similar creative tablets, the package already includes everything you need to get up and running, like the Real Pen, the Book Pad, 20 refills, and 3 ball point tips. Those would cost you $40, $15, $20, and $15, respectively, when purchased separately. Wrap-up: A Tale of Two Tablets It’s not hard to be easily mesmerized by the Lenovo Yoga Book, what it can do, and what it promises. But once the initial novelty fades away, we have to ask the hard question: is it a device worth getting? As you may have guessed, the answer isn’t as clear-cut. The Yoga Book is primarily marketed at “productive people”, but such people might actually have a hard time swallowing the concept of the Halo Keyboard. We can’t say for certain that keyboards like these are the future, but the new experience is definitely jarring enough to ironically make such users less productive. That said, many have actually acclimated to using virtual keyboards not only with ease but also precision, so only time can really tell. On the other hand, the device also caters to the creative and artistic audience, and it’s actually hard to get that wrong with Wacom as your co-pilot. Still, the Intuos direction is an odd one to take, especially in the age of iPad or Surface Pros. Even among digital artists there is still some debate on which one is really better. In the end, the Lenovo Yoga Book is but a preview of the future. Even Lenovo itself says that it is just the first of many. Like any first generation device, it has a few quirks that make it less than perfect, but it deftly accomplishes what it sets out to do: offer an experience that combines the best of two creative worlds. It may not yet do for a primary workhorse, but as a companion device to take around for notes, scribbles and everything in between, it’s darn near perfect. TAGS Android Lenovo Lenovo Yoga Book Reviews Tablet Must Read Google Home Review: Feeling at home with Google Assistant This is the Huawei Mate 9 and its Porsche Design twin Huawei Fit hands-on: fitness tracker in smartwatch clothing Stay Connected 883,798FansLike 136,393FollowersFollow 102,861FollowersFollow 469,202FollowersFollow 59,437SubscribersSubscribe About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise © 2016 Android Community - Part of R3 Media LLC
Toggle navigation Products All Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution Disclosure and Regulatory Filing IR/PR Newsroom Hosting (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Solutions All Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom Contact Us Sign In to Services Blog About Us About Marketwired Media Partners Marketwired News Community Builders Full site Salles des nouvelles Plus sur nous Produits Solutions Ressources Contactez Nous Se connecter Version complète du site News Room SOURCE: The CloudRouter Project October 18, 2016 06:00 ET CloudRouter 4.0 Adds FD.io and Intel 40 GigE Card Support Hardware Performance Results and Easier Programming Give Datacenter Managers Confidence That Open Source Networking Can Replace Proprietary Gear SANTA CLARA, CA --(Marketwired - October 18, 2016) - The CloudRouter® Project, a leading Linux-based open source routing and software-defined networking (SDN) project, today announced the general availability of CloudRouter 4.0. For the first time, CloudRouter includes FD.io (Fast data - Input/Output) and the Cisco-contributed Vector Packet Processing (VPP) library. FD.io brings the first implementation of a multi-architectural router to CloudRouter. Prior to this, people had to use the kernel for packet routing. According to Jay Turner, head of the CloudRouter Project, "After we shipped DPDK in CloudRouter 3.0, the community asked us to use FD.io as a layer 3 implementation of DPDK, which is a development kit. CloudRouter 4.0 with FD.io is a natural evolution of our goals to enable open source programmable routers on a range of hardware." "We're excited to see a cutting-edge open source networking project like CloudRouter ship FD.io as a key part of its distribution," said Ed Warnicke, TSC Chair at FD.io. "FD.io has gained adoption quickly thanks to an active open source network community with contributors/committers from more than a dozen companies including Cisco, Intel, Ericsson, Huawei, Red Hat, Comcast, and NXP and the high quality, mature, extremely high performance vector packet processor (VPP) technology on which it's based. Today, it's clear that feature rich, modular, extremely high performance software-based packet processing for general-purpose CPUs has finally arrived. This is the dataplane we have all been looking for." The layer 3 implementation is important to the growing number of businesses deploying CloudRouter. Between CloudRouter 3.0 and CloudRouter 4.0 the community grew by 34%. As part of the CloudRouter 4.0 release, the team partnered with Intel to test their GigE cards with FD.io. Tests results for Intel Ethernet Converged Network Adapter XL710 GbE are available. "Our tests show that Intel Ethernet Converged Network Adapter XL710 GbE cards have excellent performance with CloudRouter," said Jay Turner. "We plan to expand our testing with other vendors and welcome cooperation from other hardware and software groups. Please contribute code or contact us about joint-testing." CloudRouter 4.0 new features summary: FD.io with support of Layer 2 and Layer 3 SDN and NFV architectures Including Vector Packet Processing (VPP) 16.06 release OS: upgraded to Fedora 24 (from Fedora 23) NOTE: CentOS remains the same with 7.2 SDN OS: ONOS 1.6 (GoldenEye, from ONOS 1.4) and OpenDaylight Beryllium (from Lithium) DPDK 16.07 release CloudRouter 4.0 Production is available now for download and use. https://cloudrouter.org/getting-started/ About the CloudRouter Project The CloudRouter Project is a collaborative open source project to develop a freely available software-based router designed to securely run on physical, virtual and cloud environments that support software-defined networking infrastructures. CloudRouter aims to facilitate migration to the cloud without giving up control over network routing and governance. It includes the features of traditional hardware routers, as well as support for emerging technologies such as containers and software-defined interconnection. To help bridge legacy infrastructure with the cloud, the project is focused on bringing simplicity to network interconnection, a traditionally complex process. The CloudRouter Project sponsors include Australian National University, CloudBees, Cloudius Systems, Console Inc., NGINX and OpenDaylight. CloudRouter is a registered trademark of Console Inc. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Contact Information Contact: Jesse Casman for The CloudRouter Project jcasman@oppkey.com   View Desktop Version Pour voir la version complète
News Research Finance Page 2 Supply chain window On Display Marketing Advanced 中文 繁體 | 簡體 Facebook Twitter Register Login Taipei, Wednesday, November 16, 2016 14:56 (GMT+8) Taipei 27°C Home IT + CE Mobile + telecom Bits + chips Displays LED Green energy What's hot: Foxlink HTC wireless PC PC, CE Portable ICT manufacturing IT components, peripherals Server, IPC, cloud computing Software Article Comments (0) Related content Print Email Digitimes Research: Worldwide notebook shipments to drop 7.2% in 2016 Jim Hsiao, DIGITIMES Research, Taipei [Tuesday 18 October 2016] Worldwide notebook shipments are expected to drop 7.2% on year to reach less than 150 million units in 2016 because Microsoft's free Windows 10 upgrade program caused many consumers to postpone their new PC purchasing plans, while Apple's late releases of its new MacBooks will be another reason for the decline. But in 2017, Digitimes Research expects the decline to be much smaller at only 0.2% with shipments coming to around 146 million units. Although the notebook market will still be impacted by several negative factors including a lack of new innovations and the rescheduled launch of Intel's Cannonlake processors, notebook shipments in 2017 will remain flat mainly thanks to demand from the enterprise sector. Since Intel's new processors including ones using Kaby Lake architecture are no longer supporting Windows 7, more enterprises will begin adopting Windows 10 for their PC systems and will trigger replacement demand. As for brand vendors, Hewlett-Packard (HP) will continue enjoying a shipment growth in 2017 thanks to its strong and complete product lineup and contribution from the enterprise sector. HP will also surpass Lenovo to become the largest vendor in the year. Lenovo will suffer from a shipment decline in 2017, facing fierce competitions in both China and other markets, and its channel strategy for Europe is also expected to create problems for the vendor. Dell will also benefit from the enterprise sector's replacement trend in 2017, but the growth will not be as strong as in 2016. Apple's three new notebook products are also expected to see strong sales in 2017, helping the vendor to regain a double-digit percentage on-year growth. Acer and Asustek Computer are expected to see small declines in 2017, while Micro-Star International (MSI) will become a top-10 vendor due to Japan-based players' departure from the market. For 2018, Digitimes Research expects the consumer sector to continue shrinking, while the enterprise sector will only see limited growths. Notebook shipments are expected to drop over 2% on year in both 2018 and 2019; however, after worldwide notebook shipments arrive at the level of 140 million units, the annual volume is expected to stay at around that level in future unless a new innovative product is introduced to stimulate new demand. Digitimes Research expects CAGR for worldwide notebook shipments from 2017-2021 to reach negative 0.9%. Content from this article was part of a complete Digitimes Research Chinese-language report that has not yet been translated into English. If you are interested in an English version of the report or wish to receive more information about the report, click here to contact us and we will get back to you as soon as possible. Digitimes Research also provides quarterly tracking services for market sectors such as Global Tablet, China Smartphone, China Smartphone AP, Taiwan ICT and Taiwan FPD. Click here for more information about Digitimes Research Tracking services. Tweet Categories: IT + CE PC, CE Portable Tags: 2016 2017 DIGITIMES Digitimes Research notebook press release research extras shipments worldwide Topics: Taiwan notebook ODMs Supply chain window Related stories MSI reports strong earnings for 3Q16 (Nov 14) EMEA PC market stabilized in 3Q16 thanks to strong commercial notebook shipments in Western Europe, says IDC (Oct 24) Digitimes Research: Global large-size TFT-LCD panel shipments to rise at CAGR of 0.3% in 2016-2021 (Oct 12) Digitimes Research: Notebook players see August shipments up on month (Sep 21) Digitimes Research: Top-5 notebook vendors and top-3 ODMs see decline in July shipments (Aug 22) Realtime news Taiwan IC production value to fall 4.8% in 4Q16, says IEK Bits + chips | 18min ago India market: Smartphone shipments grow 17.5% in 3Q16, says IDC Mobile + telecom | 36min ago Nvidia and MediaTek fastest-growing semiconductor companies for 2016, says IC Insights Bits + chips | 50min ago Wha Yu Industrial lands orders for antennas used in base stations from Japan-based mobile telecom carrier Before Going to Press | Nov 15, 21:17 Synnex Technology nets NT$2.13 for January-September Before Going to Press | Nov 15, 21:15 Pause  |  View more Sponsored links Wireless broadband developments in Southeast Asia markets As of 2013, the 10 ASEAN nations had a total of over 700 million mobile subscriptions, with the CAGR from 2003-2013 reaching 24%. This Digitimes Research Special Report analyzes the various mobile broadband markets in ASEAN and looks at the respective trends in 4G LTE development for those markets. 2015 global tablet demand forecast This Digitimes Research Special Report provides a 2015 forecast for the global tablet market and analyzes the strategies of key market players such as Google, Apple, Intel, and Microsoft. 2015 China smartphone panel trend forecast This Digitimes Research Special Report analyzes the strategies of key China-based major panel makers BOE, Tianma and IVO for attacking the different market segments through technology and pricing, and their relationship to local vendors Huawei, Lenovo, ZTE, Xiaomi and Coolpad. Buy link DIGITIMES About Advertising Marketing Membership Terms & conditions Privacy policy Contact us Notes & corrections Site map Channels News Research Finance Industry intros Page 2 Supply chain window Hot systems On display Tools & services Before going to press On demand Frankly speaking Around the web Topics Mobile RSS Facebook Twitter Account New user Login Members only Login to read more © DIGITIMES Inc. All rights reserved. Please do not republish, publicly broadcast or publicly transmit content from this website without written permission from DIGITIMES Inc. Please contact us if you have any questions.

RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     Servers   /   Canonical Brings Ubuntu OpenStack, Ceph to ARM Servers       Canonical Brings Ubuntu OpenStack, Ceph to ARM Servers     By Jeffrey Burt  |  Posted 2016-10-17 Print               Telco and enterprise customers are looking for an alternative source of silicon beyond Intel for their data center systems, according to Canonical officials. ARM officials took a step forward in their effort to build the software ecosystem around its efforts in the data center when Canonical announced that its Ubuntu OpenStack and Ceph offerings are now commercially available on servers powered by ARM's 64-bit chip architecture. Officials with both companies made the announcement Oct. 17, giving ARM more support in its strategy to become the primary alternative to Intel's x86-based processors in data center systems. Canonical officials said there is increasing demand from users of its open-source Ubuntu cloud and storage software for more options in the data center hardware they're running. The Ubuntu Linux operating system already runs on the ARM architecture. "We have seen our [telecommunications] and enterprise customers start to radically depart from traditional server design to innovative platform architectures for scale-out compute and storage," Mark Baker, product manager for OpenStack at Canonical, said in a statement. "In partnering with ARM, we bring more innovation and platform choice to the marketplace.” Baker said the "next generation of scale-out applications are causing our customers to completely revisit compute and storage architectures with a focus on scale and automation. The ARM and Canonical ecosystems offer more choice in data center solutions with a range of products that can be optimized to run standard server software and the next generation of applications." The focus of the new Ubuntu effort will be on scale-out computing environments in the data center and cloud. The two companies will work with Ubuntu certified system-on-a-chip (SoC) companies, OEMs and original-design manufacturers (ODMs) to encourage the development of production-grade servers, storage platforms and networking gear that run on the 64-bit ARMv8-A architecture and are offered with Ubuntu Advantage support, officials said. In a statement, Lakshmi Mandyam, senior marketing director of ARM's server program, said the chip designer wanted to make sure to have "the best OpenStack and Ceph storage solutions and enterprise-grade support available. The commercial availability of Ubuntu OpenStack and Ceph is another milestone that demonstrates open-source software on ARM is ready for deployment now. The ARM and Canonical ecosystems can now simply write once and deploy anywhere on ARM-based servers." ARM executives for several years have been talking about bringing the company's low-power chip designs, which can be found in the bulk of smartphones and tablets on the market, into data centers, an area dominated by Intel. More than 90 percent of all servers in use run on Intel processors. However, the rise of cloud and scale-out environments has fueled the rising demand for greater energy efficiency, and industry analysts have noted organizations want to have a second source for processors to help drive innovation, reduce costs and protect them against problems in the supply chain. ARM designs low-power SoCs and licenses those designs to chip manufacturers. A number of partners, including Applied Micro and Cavium, already have server processors on the market, and others—including Qualcomm—are in the process of developing them. There has been little penetration into the server space by ARM chips, due in large part to the continued development of the software ecosystem around the architecture. However, with the help of the Linaro organization and other vendors, software support is growing. And in an interview at ARM's TechCon conference last year, Mandyam said there was a lot of progress being made in chip and software development behind the scenes and in interest from system makers. "I'm comfortable with where we are at this point," Mandyam said last year. "There are a lot of proofs-of-concept going on with ARM." The announcement by Canonical and ARM comes a week before the chip designer kicks off this year's TechCon 2016 show in Santa Clara, California. ARM officials have said they are confident that adoption will start to ramp starting next year. Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Dell, Lenovo and supercomputer maker Cray are among the OEMs that are testing ARM-based chips in servers.           LATEST SERVERS ARTICLES   Cray, SGI Awarded $52 Million in Federal Supercomputer Contracts IBM, OpenPower Foundation Make Push into Europe GPU's Role in Artificial Intelligence Advances Featured at Conference EMC Shows Its Data Center Strength at Inaugural Dell EMC Conference Dell EMC Brings PowerEdge Servers to VxRail, VxRack                 Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend         News and Reviews Slideshows IBM Aims Watson at Embodied Cognition Microsoft Advances 'Any Developer, Any App, Any Platform' Strategy Google Will Tag Frequent Violators of Its Site Safety Standards Intel Lights Up the Sky With New Shooting Star Drone Old School Polling Methods Hid Trump's Popularity With Voters 10 Reasons Not to Buy the Apple MacBo... Apple is scheduled to release the MacBook Pro with Touch Bar mid-No... Watch Now                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
Login All Reviews Editorials News AT&T to Intro Opt-out 'Stream Saver' Video Quality Throttling in 2017 Samsung Buying Harman to Take on Apple's CarPlay iTunes Store Offers 93 Classic Rock Albums at $7.99 Tips macOS Sierra: Using Markup in Photos iOS 10 Maps: Adding Pit Stops Along Your Route Podcasts TMO Daily Observations 2016-11-15: Apple's Coffee Table Book, HP's Campaign to Win Mac Users TMO Background Mode: Interview with Creator & Host of The MacCast Podcast Adam Christianson View All Results → X-Doria Evervue Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Poor Marks Review: Charge and Listen on iPhone 7 with Belkin Lightning Audio + Charge RockStar Silk Innovation Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Highest Marks NuGuard KX Case for iPhone 7 Offers Superb Protection Apple Leather Case for iPhone 7, Same Style with Better Buttons View All Reviews → Considering Rumors of Apple AR Glasses with Tim Cook's Comments on Google Glass Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Analyst Says iPhone SE Was a One-Off for Apple PSA: Please Vote View All Editorials → The Apple and Intel Affair. An Excedrin Headache John Martellaro @jmartellaro Oct 17th, 2016 4:43 PM EST | Link History will probably record that the delay in Apple’s 2016 MacBook Pro/Air involved the development of some new Apple technologies getting out of sync with Intel’s CPU/GPU roadmap. First, we know that Apple elected to skip a CPU generation, waiting for Skylake with Thunderbolt 3 support. Recently, a leaked Intel roadmap and some analysis of the integrated GPU cycle explains why Apple may have to wait again until 2018 for it’s next major refresh. Particle Debris page 2 explores Apple’s Intel headache. Check It Out: The Apple and Intel Affair. An Excedrin Headache Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials HP Exploits Apple’s Mac Pro Void with New Z2 Mini John Martellaro | November 15, 2016 Thinking Differently about Apple's $299 Coffee Table Book Bryan Chaffin | November 15, 2016 TMO Weekly Sponsor Black Friday Giveaway From MacXDVD. Grab it free to download YouTube videos, convert video format, edit and record videos. Only 1000 free copies issued daily. Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $107.11 +1.40 (1.32%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » AT&T to Intro Opt-out 'Stream Saver' Video Quality Throttling in 2017 Samsung Buying Harman to Take on Apple's CarPlay iTunes Store Offers 93 Classic Rock Albums at $7.99 iPhone 7 Plus Ship Times Hold at 3-4 Weeks or Higher Tim Cook's Message to Employees after Election: 'Move Forward Together' Recent Tips See All » macOS Sierra: Using Markup in Photos iOS 10 Maps: Adding Pit Stops Along Your Route How to Turn Off Music Auto-Shuffle in iOS 10 iOS 10.2: How to Disable Always On Live Photo iOS 10.2 Beta Brings Star Ratings Back to Music App Recent Editorials See All » Considering Rumors of Apple AR Glasses with Tim Cook's Comments on Google Glass Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Analyst Says iPhone SE Was a One-Off for Apple PSA: Please Vote 5248 John Martellaro 0 1476722606 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: NVIDIA Corporation Stock History: Why It's Growing and What Could Slow It Down NVIDIA's stock has soared on the company's ability to drive strong growth across all of its business segments -- but there are few things that could trip the company up. Chris Neiger (TMFNewsie) Oct 17, 2016 at 5:44PM Image source: Getty Images. NVIDIA's (NASDAQ:NVDA) stock run-up of 137% over the past 12 months has sparked immense interest in the company lately. But like many other companies, NVIDIA's stock has had a series of rise and falls over its 17-year history listed on the Nasdaq. To better understand the company and why it's experiencing big gains right now, let's take a look at what the company does and a brief analysis of whether or not the stock is a buy.  What NVIDIA does NVIDIA's two primary business segments are its sales of graphics processors, called GPUs, and its Tegra processors. Between these two segments the company then splits out its revenue business into four key markets: Gaming Professional visualization Data center Automotive Gaming is by far the company's most lucrative market, with company bringing in nearly 55% of its total revenue from gaming in fiscal Q2 2017. NVIDIA holds a dominant position in the gaming space, with its GPUs holding a 70% market share in discrete desktop GPU market share, leaving rival Advanced Micro Devices (NASDAQ:AMD) with just 30%.  Take a look:  Data source: Jon Peddie Research.  After gaming, the company's professional visualization segment brings in the next highest amount of revenue, representing about 15% of total revenue in Q2 2017. NVIDIA is steadily improving sales in this business as well, and revenue from professional visualization was up 22% year over year in Q2.  NVIDIA also supplies GPUs for automakers and its automotive segment brings in about 8% of the company's total revenue. NVIDIA is also a leader in the driverless car technology space with its Drive PX 2 supercomputer and its newly released Xavier system-on-a-chip (SoC). These technologies bring situational awareness to semi-autonomous cars by using NVIDIA's GPUs to process visual information.  And last but not least is NVIDIA's data center segment, which brought in about 6.8% of the company's total revenue in fiscal 2016. But data center revenue is growing quickly, and in Q2 2017, revenue improved nearly 110% year over year. It's worth mentioning that NVIDIA also brings in revenue from its original equipment manufacturer and intellectual property segment, which consists of lower-priced graphics cards as well as royalty payments from Intel (NASDAQ:INTC). It's the only NVIDIA business that's on the decline right now, but it should continue to be offset by growth from the company's other businesses. How NVIDIA stock has performed Historically, NVIDIA's stock price has seen a few jumps and drops over the past few years, but the price is seeing historic highs lately:  Data by YCharts. NVIDIA's recent gains have come from posting strong sales growth over the past few quarters, all while scoring more opportunities in new markets. Specifically, the prospects of virtual reality and driverless cars are likely fueling some of NVIDIA's stock gains lately.  The company's dominant position in the GPU gaming space should give the company a competitive advantage over Advanced Micro Devices in virtual reality (VR). NVIDIA recently expanded its VR reach with new graphics cards for VR-ready notebooks. And the company is looking to its cloud-computing technology to power VR computers down the road as well.   Additionally, many investors are looking to NVIDIA's Drive PX computer to fuel more revenue growth. NVIDIA already sells its semi-autonomous car technology to 80 automakers and Tier 1 suppliers, and a recent update to the company's driverless car SoC shows the company isn't backing off of its driverless car plans.  Can NVIDIA keep rising? There are a few signs indicating that NVIDIA could be in for some rougher waters ahead.  I wrote a few months ago that Intel's new Knights Landing cloud processors might eventually threaten NVIDIA, and since then Intel has put even more pressure on the company with the debut of its deep learning processor, Knights Mill. Intel says its processors are faster than NVIDIA's GPUs.  Investors should expect even more competition between these two companies going forward as they both look to get in edge in data centers and powering cloud computing. Additionally, recent news that Qualcomm might be buying NXP Semiconductors could chip away at NVIDIA's place in the driverless car market. I wrote back in May that NXP's off-the-shelf semi-autonomous system (called Bluebox) poses one of the biggest threats to NVIDIA in the driverless car space, and if Qualcomm snatches up NXP, then it will instantly be a major competitor with NVIDIA in the automotive semiconductor space.  And last but not certainly not least, NVIDIA's arch rival in GPUs, AMD, has managed to gain market share recently in the GPU market, and there's much more room for growth. AMD could also benefit from the growth of virtual reality. AMD supplies VR graphics cards for both computers and Sony's PlayStation 4. Sony could be poised to benefit from VR very soon, and AMD might ride the company's coattails there.  Investors looking for NVIDIA to keep up its skyrocketing stock price growth should keep all of this mind. It doesn't mean that NVIDIA's isn't still a great company, but rather that expectations for immediate returns should be kept in check.  Chris Neiger has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends NVIDIA, NXP Semiconductors, and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Chris Neiger (TMFNewsie) Chris has covered Tech and Telecom companies for The Motley Fool since 2012. Follow him on Twitter for the latest tech stock coverage. Follow @tmfnewsie Article Info Oct 17, 2016 at 5:44PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.91 up $0.43 (1.25%) Nvidia NASDAQ:NVDA $86.19 up $2.55 (3.05%) Advanced Micro Devices NASDAQ:AMD $6.97 up $0.18 (2.65%) Read More Why Shares of Globant SA Are Getting Crushed Today What NVIDIA's Blowout Quarter Says About AMD's Comeback Twitter's Executive Exodus Continues The Simple Reason Why Fitbit and GoPro Are Struggling Fitbit Doesn't Need a Buyout to Bounce Back Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Welcome Log out Login Register ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST LOGIN REGISTER PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables Home> Motherboards Menu PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables TRENDING TOPICS Smartphones Mobile Intel Google Snapdragon 821 Pixel Motherboards GPUs Asus Home> Motherboards The GIGABYTE X170-Extreme ECC Motherboard Review: For When Skylake Xeons need SLI and Thunderbolt 3 by Ian Cutress on October 17, 2016 2:00 PM EST Posted in Motherboards Intel Gigabyte SLI Enterprise Xeons Thunderbolt 3 ECC Alpine Ridge X170-Extreme ECC 30 Comments | Add A Comment 30 Comments + Add A Comment GIGABYTE X170-Extreme ECC Overview and Feature Comparison Board Features, Visual Inspection Test Bed and Setup Benchmark Overview GIGABYTE X170-Extreme ECC BIOS GIGABYTE X170-Extreme ECC Software System Performance CPU Performance, Short Form Gaming Performance 2015 GIGABYTE X170-Extreme ECC Conclusion When we reviewed the GIGABYTE MW31-SP0, I stated at the time that due to the design of many of the Xeon focused motherboards, only two or three were actually geared up for SLI certification. It comes down to the motherboard implementing the C236 chipset (over the C232) and the manufacturer providing an x8/x8 PCIe lane allocation and actually going for certification. The reality seems to be that not that many Xeon users want/need SLI for gaming, hence the low number of products available. But GIGABYTE aims for the X170-EXTREME ECC to be the best motherboard on the market for just such an occasion, while bundling Thunderbolt 3 support as well. Other AnandTech Reviews for Intel’s 6th Generation CPUs and 100-Series Motherboards Skylake-K Review: Core i7-6700K and Core i5-6600K - CPU Review Comparison between the i7-6700K and i7-2600K in Bench - CPU Comparison Overclocking Performance Mini-Test to 4.8 GHz - Overclocking Skylake Architecture Analysis - Microarchitecture Z170 Chipset Analysis and 55+ Motherboards - Motherboard Overview Discrete Graphics: An Update for Z170 Motherboards - PCIe Firmware Update Price Check: Intel Skylake i7-6700K and i5-6600K – Latest Skylake Price Check (3/29) 100-Series and C232/C236 Motherboard Reviews: Prices Correct at time of each review ($500) The GIGABYTE Z170X-Gaming G1 Review ($500) The ASUS Maximus VIII Extreme Review ($370) The GIGABYTE Server MW31-SP0 Review (C236) ($310) The GIGABYTE X170-Extreme ECC Review (C236, this review) ($250) The ASUS Maximus VIII Impact Review ($240) The ASRock Z170 Extreme7+ Review ($230) The MSI Z170 Gaming M7 Review ($208) The GIGABYTE Z170-UD5 TH Review ($165) The ASUS Z170-A Review ($143) The ASRock E3V5 Gaming Review (C232) ($130) The MSI Z170A SLI PLUS Review ($125) The Supermicro C7H170-M Review To read specifically about the Z170 chip/platform and the specifications therein, our deep dive into what it is can be found at this link. GIGABYTE X170-Extreme ECC Overview Sitting at $310, the X170-Extreme ECC is near the top of the cost pile for Skylake based systems whether the user is specifically looking at a Xeon/prosumer build or otherwise. For the money, GIGABYTE offers plausibly the consumer board with the highest specifications cable of supporting E3-1200 v5 Xeons as well as SLI, USB 3.1, dual PCIe 3.0 x4 SSDs in RAID and Thunderbolt 3 all in one package without the need for add-on peripherals. Due to the fact that Intel removed Xeon support from motherboards using consumer grade chipsets, users who preferred Xeon functionality (either for ECC or support packages) now have to migrate towards motherboards with C232 or C236 chipsets instead. C232, as we explained in the review of the MW31-SP0, is an analogue to the Q150 chipset whereas C236 is more of a Z/H170 hybrid, with up to 20 PCIe lanes from the chipset but a lack of overclocking support. The motherboards with these server grade chipsets are typically, generally speaking, engineered to work at peak rates for several years (and server grade cooling), and should be built as such. This is perhaps why a user would look at a server-class chipset while only looking at standard consumer-grade processors (C232 and C236 accept Core 6000 series CPUs as well as Xeon E3-1200 v5 CPUs). Back specifically to the GIGABYTE X170-Extreme ECC, and this element of 'over-engineering' comes through in design, aesthetics, the functionality and the price. The top GBT boards use the more expensive International Rectifier ICs for power delivery for example, as well as Alpine Ridge for Thunderbolt connectivity, and this is no exception. GIGABYTE was Intel's primary motherboard partner when the Alpine Ridge controller was launched, so it makes sense to see it on GIGABYTE's top line prosumer Xeon motherboard. For BIOS, GIGABYTE has removed the '3D' mode and reverted back to a classic (but HD) menu implementation that makes it easier to navigate. The software in the OS moves through a singular interface, unifying a design ID between various GBT features on fan profiles and monitoring, however external vendor packages such as the Killer networking interface and the Sound Blaster audio get their own implementations. GIGABYTE lacks a RAMDisk utility, which might be worth while for a prosumer system loaded up to the gills. Performance is middle of the road in our benchmarks, given the priority here is stability over tweaking every iota out of the stock performance. The X170-Extreme ECC doesn't enable any form of multi-core turbo due to the aforementioned stability focus of the market, but there still needs to be some fine-tuning, given for example the high DPC Latency. Despite that, the POST time is particularly good for a dual NIC system (Intel and Killer) with Alpine Ridge and other chipset controllers, as in fact the best POST time we’ve seen on any Skylake 100-series or C23x motherboard so far. While we had issues with testing the audio due to the Sound Blaster implementation and USB 3.1 testing due to the Alpine Ridge controller, we were able to source a Thunderbolt 3 device from Akitio with a 1.2 TB Intel SSD 750 and performance was identical to the 1.2 TB drive we tested on a native U.2 port back at launch. Nothing extraordinary came from the rest of the testing. Quick Links to Other Pages In The Box and Visual Inspection Test Bed and Setup Benchmark Overview BIOS Software System Performance (Audio, USB, Power, POST Times on Windows 7, Latency) CPU Performance, Short Form (Office Tests and Transcoding) Gaming Performance 2015 (R7 240, GTX 770, GTX 980) Conclusions Quick Board Feature Comparison Motherboard Comparison   GIGABYTE X170-Extreme ECC ASRock Z170 Extreme7+ASUS Maximus VIII ExtremeASUS Maximus VIII ImpactASUS Z170-AGIGABYTE MW31-SP0 (C236)GIGABYTE Z170X-Gaming G1GIGABYTE Z170X-UD5 THMSI Z170A Gaming M7MSI Z170A SLI PLUSSupermicro C7H170-MASRock E3V5 Gaming (C232)GIGABYTE X170-Extreme ECC Socket LGA1151 LGA1151 MSRP at Review $310 $143 DRAM 4 x DDR4 4 x DDR4 PCIe Layout x8/x4/x4 x16 BIOS Version Tested F2c 1.11 MCT Enabled Automatically? No No USB 3.1 (10 Gbps) Intel Alpine Ridge None M.2 Slots 2 x PCIe 3.0 x4 None U.2 Ports No No Network Controller 1 x Intel I219-V 1 x Killer E2400 1 x Intel I219-V Audio Controller Realtek ALC1150 Realtek ALC1150 HDMI 2.0 Yes No   Board Features, Visual Inspection GIGABYTE X170-Extreme ECC Overview and Feature Comparison Board Features, Visual Inspection Test Bed and Setup Benchmark Overview GIGABYTE X170-Extreme ECC BIOS GIGABYTE X170-Extreme ECC Software System Performance CPU Performance, Short Form Gaming Performance 2015 GIGABYTE X170-Extreme ECC Conclusion Tweet PRINT THIS ARTICLE Post Your Comment Please log in or sign up to comment. POST A COMMENT 30 Comments View All Comments SetiroN - Monday, October 17, 2016 - link There is only one thing that's worse than camo: pixelized camo. I honestly fail to understand who in the world would ever buy a socket 1150 Xeon solution instead of socket 2011. Reply dave_the_nerd - Monday, October 17, 2016 - link 1) Digital camo has been standard-issue in the military for a while now. 2) Anybody who only needs a 4c/8t system, but is otherwise doing "workstation" or server-grade work. (Uptime requirements, longevity requirements, need ECC ram for data crunching, need virtualization features, etc.) Reply zepi - Monday, October 17, 2016 - link 4c/8t LGA2011 solution hardly costs much more, especially since this board is approaching the pricing of workstation mobos... Reply Einy0 - Monday, October 17, 2016 - link 2) The supposed advantages are 95% marketing. Uptime is more about your OS if you select quality components to go with the CPU. Longevity, seriously??? I can show you desktops built 30+ years ago that run today the same as they did then. How many CPUs actually die? I personally have had one die, it was 7 years old. Virtualization, again no more features on the 1151 Xeon versus the i7. ECC, that's the one feature an 1151 Xeon has over a similar i7. Now when we start talking multi-socket and what not well that's obvious. I've had these conversations in the past with engineers and developers at work. Everyone just assumes that when Intel says they need a Xeon to do something there is a reason. Yup, there is a reason, they can make more money from the same chip with a Xeon badge on it. Reply HollyDOL - Tuesday, October 18, 2016 - link Yep, you can show 30 old desktops still working, but how many of them were running 24/7? None. Reply mkaibear - Tuesday, October 18, 2016 - link Up until very recently I had a desktop of about that vintage running SCO Unix. That ran 24/7. In fact we were scared to turn it off because it ran chunks of the factory... Reply devol - Saturday, October 22, 2016 - link There are more differences than just ECC memory. For instance i7 cpu's don't support hugetlb/hugepages, and several other 'server' focused virtualization extensions. Until Skylake though, the PCH had basically no support for needed features for SR-IOV. Reply bigboxes - Monday, October 17, 2016 - link I'm sorry. I can't see the motherboard. Where is it in the picture? Reply BrokenCrayons - Monday, October 17, 2016 - link Yeah, it's really off-putting to see camo. I think they're going for some kind of military/tactical thing, but Gigabyte's failed to realize that camo just makes a product look trashy and redneck to people in the US these days. Reply Einy0 - Monday, October 17, 2016 - link I wouldn't say trashy, redneck absolutely... Reply 1 2 3 ▶ PIPELINE STORIES + Submit News OnePlus Launches The OnePlus 3T ECS Preps LIVA Z: Apollo Lake-Based Nettop with 4K and USB-C Support Toshiba Finalizes Plans for New 3D NAND Fab: Coming Online in 2019 AKiTiO Introduces Node: Thunderbolt 3 eGFX Box for $299 AMD @ SC16: Radeon Open Compute Platform (ROCm) 1.3 Released, Boltzmann Comes to Fruition ASUS ROG GT51 Desktop: Overclocked i7-6700K, GTX 1080 SLI, 64 GB DDR4, $4999 HTC Announces the HTC Bolt - A Sprint-Exclusive Smartphone for LTE Plus NVIDIA Announces Record Q3 FY 2017 Results Best Android Phones: Holiday 2016 Alienware 13 R3: Quad-Core CPU, GeForce GTX 1060, QHD OLED, VR Ready AOC Launches the AG352QCX: 35-Inch 200 Hz 2560×1080 Curved Display with Adaptive-Sync BenQ Announces the ZOWIE XL2540: 24-Inch 240 Hz Full-HD Display 'for e-Sports' TWEETS RyanSmithAT: @FouzanWasTaken @IanCutress Sorry, I don't have the 460 version. I have the 455 version, the same as the other press RyanSmithAT: Random PS4 observation: most games don't have manuals. Like at all. IanCutress: @wccftechdotcom source? RyanSmithAT: RT @anandtech: Commercial NAS Operating Systems - A Comprehensive Overview of Core Features https://t.co/alP0HFcLqZ IanCutress: @cavemanjim Give us a shout if you've got time for lunch while you're here IanCutress: @tom_forsyth Hits peak efficiency at the dvfs point then duty cycles. OS still sees non dc freq… https://t.co/QCO9Nvvwgc RyanSmithAT: @XxVcVxX We're not able to reply to everyone. But if your app meets our approval, you should hear from us by mid-December RyanSmithAT: @Dafuqizwrong Many of our editors are part time IanCutress: I can't submit an @EE broadband bug report with dashes or parentheses in description. Wow, that's bad XSS/DB security at the expense of UX. IanCutress: If you're paying someone you describe as an expert to star in an advert for your product, how is said person impartial? ganeshts: @mikinho Definitely. For content consumption / tablet use-cases in mobile devices, USB-C ports are sufficient. Not sure about 'Pro' devices ganeshts: @DanMatte Yup,including TB3 ports is a great value-add for any computing system, but we need other ports also for practical purposes ganeshts: No doubt that USB-C is the future, and adoption should be driven up. The Q is - are notebooks having ONLY those por… https://t.co/kgVGy6Tpip ganeshts: .@Krewell Thunderbolt 3's versatility should be complementary to existing ports, not full-blown replacement. Apple's usage not convincing ganeshts: @guspaz @troywolv That is the problem with ISPs that also deliver TV. IPTV / OTT cut into that revenue segment, caps are a counter Follow @ANANDTECH   LINKS Home About Forums RSS Pipeline News Bench Galleries Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Contact Us TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS The Most Trusted in Tech Since 1997 About Advertising Privacy Policy Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved. TOPICS FOLLOW ABOUT CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides Facebook Twitter RSS About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Show Full Site Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved. BENCH CPU SSD GPU 2013 GPU 2012 Smartphone 2011 Mobile TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS ABOUT About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Show Full Site Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved. Log in Don't have an account? Sign up now Username Password Remember Me Lost your password?
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     IT Management   /   Anita Borg Institute Celebrates Top Companies for Women in Tech       Anita Borg Institute Celebrates Top Companies for Women in Tech     By Michelle Maisto  |  Posted 2016-10-17                   1 of Back To Start Pause Loading... Anita Borg Institute Celebrates Top Companies for Women in Tech The Anita Borg Institute announces the finalists for its Top Companies for Women Technologists Leadership Index. Macy's "It's an absolute honor for Macy's to be recognized by the Anita Borg Institute," Mike Robinson, executive vice president of Digital Technology at Macy's, told eWEEK. "We've made it a clear and consistent focus to empower, advocate and develop women in technology, and we will continue to promote the importance of gender diversity." Grubhub At food delivery service Grubhub, half the executive team is female and, according to a company spokesperson, its senior leadership and engineering teams are also very balanced. From April 2015 until April 2016, 28 percent of new technical hires were women and 46 percent of total employees were women. "We are thrilled that Grubhub was named one of the Top Companies for Women Technologists by the Anita Borg Institute. And even more than that, we are proud to work for a company that values diverse perspectives—and believes those perspectives help to create a better product, and a better workplace culture," Sandra Glading, director of media relations at Grubhub, told eWEEK. "Grubhub's leaders look forward to continuing to cultivate a workplace where diversity thrives throughout all levels of the company." Capital One "When I first started my career 25 years ago, the representation of women in computing roles was far greater than it is today. At Capital One, we're committed to doing our part to change that by supporting women in tech across all stages of the pipeline," Julie Elberfeld, Commercial Bank CIO at Capital One, told eWEEK. "That's why two years ago, we launched a formal Women in Tech (WIT) program internally to elevate our focus on women working in technology. Today, we have six thriving WIT chapters in offices around the country that have brought women and men together to help develop a love of technology in girls and improve representation of women in the technology field through internal and external initiatives." (This photo was taken at a Women in Tech Demo Day, where women technologists—and some male allies—hack a solution to help out nonprofit partners.) Accenture In March, Accenture published a research paper, "Getting to Equal: How Digital Is Helping Close the Gender Gap at Work," which provided empirical proof that women are using digital skills to gain an edge at finding work and succeeding at work. These skills also are key to narrowing the pay gap and reaching gender equality, according to Julie Sweet, Accenture's group chief executive for North America, who has called this idea a "powerful message for all women and girls." In addition to its ABI nomination, Accenture has been recognized by the National Association for Female Executives five times and named to its "Top Companies for Executive Women" list. Google On its website, Google says, "Creating the right environments, programs and policies can support women in pursuing their dreams and building tools that change the world." It has encouraged female employees to nominate themselves for promotions; it provides women with opportunities to grow and develop, such as by hosting summits and supporting employee groups including Google Women in Engineering; and it has very pro-family policies, such as maternity and paternity leave with full pay and benefits. ThoughtWorks "One contributing factor to increasing our diversity is looking beyond the computer science department and seeking candidates that are passionate about technology and show intellectual curiosity," Reyne Quackenbush, head of global PR at ThoughtWorks, told eWEEK, regarding its inclusion on the ABI list. "Once on the job, we support non-traditional and traditional candidates with training, along with mentors and coaching. This helps ThoughtWorkers find their place within the company and sets them up for success. One specific example is ThoughtWorks University [pictured], a five-week intensive training program for all new graduate hires, which simulates projects and covers both technical and soft skills." AthenaHealth "We are proud that females represent 39.5 percent of our company's leadership, especially when we compare ourselves against our technology peers," a spokesperson from AthenaHealth told eWEEK. "Hundreds of our employees are members of our very active Employee Resource Group, the Women's Leadership Forum. This group is dedicated to making AthenaHealth the best place for women to work and to facilitating honest conversations that improve gender dynamics and business practices." Intuit Raji Arasu, SVP of Platform and Services at Intuit, says it was "a proud moment" when the company learned that it had been included on the ABI list. "We are committed to cultivating a talented, engaged and diverse workforce at all levels, and today the number of women in technical roles at Intuit is 29.5 percent in the U.S.," Arasu told eWEEK. "We have a community called Tech Women @ Intuit that is helping us recruit, retain and advance technical women. Our motivation for this work stems from the belief that the people who invent technology should be as diverse as the people who use it. At Intuit, while we are proud of what we've achieved, we know there is more work to be done." Thompson Reuters In 2012, news organization Thomson Reuters established a Women's Advisory Task Force with three areas of focus: identifying top female talent and creating a pipeline of women leaders; creating targeted leadership and career development programs; and positioning the company as a premier place for women to be. It has also worked with the National Center for Women & Information Technology and supported campaigns such as Sit With Me, which encouraged women to "validate and recognize the important role women play in creating future technology" by sitting in a red chair and telling their stories to men, children and other women. Introducing an analytics-driven Diversity and Inclusion Index this year, Debra Walton, chief product and content officer, Financial & Risk, stated, "While there's still work to be done, we are committed to using our assets and influence to champion the importance of diversity and inclusion in the workplace—especially our own." New York Life In addition to being named to the ABI Index, New York Life was this year also named to the "Best Companies for Multicultural Women" list by Working Mother magazine. "We believe that having a diverse and inclusive workplace is not only good for our company," said Kathleen Navarro, vice president and chief diversity officer, commenting on that distinction, "but it is also a competitive strength in the marketplace. Cultivating a diverse and inclusive workplace allows us to better serve our clients and makes us a stronger company." Why Samsung is Paying $8 Billion for Harman Auto Electronics View Slideshow » Akamai Reports DDoS Attacks Hit New Heights in 2016 Third Quarter View Slideshow » HTC Bolt Smartphone Arrives on Sprint Network With Android Nougat View Slideshow » 10 Features Samsung Should Build Into the Galaxy S8 Smartphone View Slideshow » Why DNS Servers Are an Unprotected Back Door into Your Network View Slideshow » 11 Revolutionary Advances in Wireless Tech in 2016 View Slideshow » Panasonic Updates Toughpad FZ-G1 With More Power, Longer Battery Life View Slideshow » Broadcom, Qualcomm Latest Acquirers in Busy Chip Space View Slideshow » Why Donald Trump and Silicon Valley Don't See Eye to Eye View Slideshow » CIOs Expect Steady Growth in Health Care IT Spending, Cyber-Threats View Slideshow » View All Slideshows >   Improving diversity in the workforces of U.S. tech companies represents an economic opportunity of potentially $570 billion, according a joint report from Intel and strategy advisory firm Dalberg. On Oct. 6, The Anita Borg Institute (ABI), a nonprofit focused on the advancement of women in computing, announced the 25 finalists for its Top Companies for Women Technologists Leadership Index, an award that will be presented Oct. 19 at the Grace Hopper Celebration for Women in Computing. ABI evaluated 60 companies with more than 1.4 million U.S. employees to come up with its list of 25, which includes all previous years' winners (American Express, Bank of America, BNY Mellon, IBM and Intel), as well as companies in which technical roles comprise an average of 47 percent of the workforce. For the first time, it also measured programs and policies that help make a business a great workplace for women, including flex time, leadership development programs, and maternity and paternity leave. Telle Whitney, president and CEO of ABI, said in statement that the index provides an "apples to apples definition" of a technical workforce and clear examples of how diversity efforts are creating change. "The only way to drive change and improve how many technical roles are held by women is not through popularity contests, but through data, measurement and accountability," said Whitney. The following slide show highlights 10 of the companies competing for the prize. The full list can be viewed here.                       Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Why This Apple Inc. Supplier Deserves More Credit This chipmaker builds many of the less talked about chips inside of Apple's flagship smartphones. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Oct 17, 2016 at 12:22PM Image source: Intel.  It's well-known that Taiwan Semiconductor Mfg. Co. Ltd. (NYSE:TSM) is the sole supplier of Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) A10 Fusion processor that powers the recently released iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus smartphones. The chip is manufactured in TSMC's 16-nanometer technology, and according to Chipworks, it even employs TSMC's InFO chip packaging technology. (In a nutshell, this means more dollar content for TSMC beyond wafer manufacturing services.) Although much of the focus in the press is around the manufacturer of Apple's A-series processor, it's important to note that there are a lot of chips inside of a smartphone. None are as high value as the applications processor, but the content is significant nonetheless. TSMC has clearly done a good job of nabbing Apple's A-series business over the last several years, but investors shouldn't ignore the fact that it builds many of the other chips inside of Apple's iPhones, as well. Let's take a look at several examples. The cellular modem (and related RF) Apple is probably the last major smartphone vendor to use stand-alone applications processors and cellular modems. In the iPhone 7, teardown reports have revealed that Apple is sourcing cellular modems (and associated chips) from both Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM), a longtime supplier of Apple modems, and Intel (NASDAQ:INTC). The Qualcomm modem, known as MDM9645, is known to be manufactured in TSMC's 20-nanometer manufacturing process. The Intel modem, branded XMM 7360, is built in a foundry 28-nanometer process. BlueFin Research Partners say that this part, too, is manufactured by TSMC. Beyond the baseband processor, though, TSMC is believed to be a key manufacturer of the RF transceivers used in iPhones, as well. Chipworks says that the RF transceiver that's used in the Intel version of the iPhone 7/7 Plus is built by TSMC, and it's likely that Qualcomm's RF transceivers are built by TSMC, as well. The fingerprint sensor Back in 2015, DigiTimes reported that the fingerprint sensors inside of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus smartphones were manufactured in TSMC's 0.18-micron manufacturing technology. That same report also claimed that the second-generation fingerprint sensors inside of the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus are manufactured in TSMC's newer 65-nanometer manufacturing technology. At Apple's keynote and in its marketing materials for the iPhone 7-series smartphones, the company makes no mention of dramatic changes to the fingerprint sensor. It's likely, then, that Apple is using the same sensor in the iPhone 7-series phones as it did in the iPhone 6s-series phones. In that case, TSMC profits from the iPhone by manufacturing the Touch ID sensor, as well. The connectivity combo chip The Wi-Fi/Bluetooth connectivity combo chip, as well as the GPS chip inside of the iPhone 7-series phones, are almost certainly both provided by Broadcom (NASDAQ:AVGO). (Chipworks confirmed the latter, and Broadcom's public commentary confirms the former.) According to a 2014 form 10-K filing, Broadcom counted TSMC as one of its main contract chip manufacturing partners. And back in 2012, Chipworks confirmed that the Broadcom Wi-Fi/Bluetooth combo chip inside of the iPhone 5 was manufactured by TSMC. I believe that it's very likely that TSMC is one of the manufacturers -- if not the only one -- of the Wi-Fi/Bluetooth connectivity combo chips inside of the iPhone 7-series smartphones. No wonder TSMC rakes in so much from smartphones In TSMC's most recent earnings presentation, the company said that a full 60% of its revenue in the quarter came from communication products. This includes, and is likely mostly comprised of, chips that go into smartphones. It's not surprising, given how much content within major smartphones like the iPhone 7 it is responsible for manufacturing, that the company has benefited so much from the smartphone boom. Going forward, as smartphone unit shipment growth cools off, TSMC is going to have to rely increasingly on content growth within smartphones -- through share gains, selling higher value technologies, and so on -- to try to outperform the overall smartphone market.  Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Broadcom and Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Oct 17, 2016 at 12:22PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $107.11 up $1.40 (1.32%) Broadcom NASDAQ:AVGO $166.45 up $2.67 (1.63%) Qualcomm NASDAQ:QCOM $66.77 up $0.84 (1.27%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.91 up $0.43 (1.25%) Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing NYSE:TSM $29.20 up $0.35 (1.21%) Read More Taiwan Semiconductor Mfg. Co. Ltd. Reportedly Considering Wafer Price Cuts This Apple Supplier Is Banking on Soaring iPhone 7 Demand and Exploding Samsung Phones Taiwan Semiconductor Mfg. Co. Ltd. Surges to All-Time High NVIDIA Corporation May Turn to Samsung for Graphics Chip Manufacturing Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing's 2016 So Far Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
null

Skip to: Content | | Footer Newegg.com - A great place to buy computers, computer parts, electronics, software, accessories, and DVDs online. With great prices, fast shipping, and top-rated customer service - once you know, you Newegg. If you are reading this message, Please click this link to reload this page.(Do not use your browser's "Refresh" button). Please email us if you're running the latest version of your browser and you still see this message. Newegg.com - Computer Parts, Laptops, Electronics, HDTVs, Digital Cameras and More! If you see this message, your web browser doesn't support JavaScript or JavaScript is disabled. Please enable JavaScript in your browser settings so Newegg.com can function correctly. Feedback / Shipping Destination: United States United States Australia United Kingdom India Ireland Netherlands New Zealand Poland Singapore United States $ USD $ USD Update Try TRY NEWEGG PREMIER FOR FREE TODAY! Free 30-Day Trial when you sign up for a 12-month membership. Sign up and start enjoying: Expedited Shipping Free 3-Day-or-sooner expedited shipping on qualifying items. Share Benefits Add up to four friends to your account so they can enjoy your great Newegg Premier benefits. Free Returns with No restocking fee Free shipping on returns and waived restocking fee for qualifying items. Dedicated Customer Service Need quick assistance? Use our private customer service line to help answer any questions or concerns. Learn More | Sign Up Now Wish List Customer Service Track An Order Find Invoice Return An Item Check Return Status Find Rebates Customer Help Center All Products DEALS & SERVICES Black Friday Preview Deals start at 11/21 1PM PT unless otherwise specified. Email Deals Our latest email deals. Newegg Mobile Shop Exclusive Deals on our Mobile App! Marketplace Spotlight Every week, the Newegg deals team hand-picks intriguing products for you. Outlet Open box, clearance, refurbished and recertified PCs, electronics and more. Sales Event 32 Black Friday Deals What's New Newegg TV Smart Home VR Central Subscription Store Intel Extreme CPU Linksys WRT3200ACM ZTE Axon 7 Talon AD7200 More at Newegg Premier Membership Newegg Store Credit Card GameCrate Student Store Gift Cards Newegg Gift Card Amex Pay-with-Points Textbook Store Featured Sellers Featured Sellers All Top Sellers 1266 25 20 507 947 18 178 291 99 71 726 316 Editor Tested Avegant Glyph, A Personal Theater Testing the DJI Phantom 4 Drone Up Your Game with QLIPP Trending Events November's Black Tag Specials Home Safety & Security Systems Radio Controlled Tech Deals Save on Select Dyson Products For Sellers Save Big with Shipped by Newegg Simplify SBN with Freightos iframe for layout Search allComputer SystemsComponentsElectronicsGamingNetworkingOffice SolutionsSoftware & ServicesAutomotive & IndustrialHome & ToolsHealth & SportsApparel & AccessoriesHobbies & Toys Search all Search iframe for layout Home >  Computer Systems >  Desktop Computers >  Desktop Computers >  Hewlett-Packard >  Item#: N82E16883285001 Back To Combo Open Box: Images shown are from the NEW version of this item and are for reference only. The actual Open Box product may differ in packaging and included accessories, but has been tested to ensure basic functionality. HP Desktop Computer DC7800 Core 2 Duo 2.33 GHz 8 GB DDR3 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home REFURBISHED This means the product was tested and repaired as required to meet the standards of the refurbisher, which may or may not be the original manufacturer. Any exceptions to the condition of the item outside the manufacturer’s information should be provided in the listing, up to and including warranty details. Share Ships from United States. Sold and Shipped by Newegg Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller Core 2 Duo 2.33 GHz 8 GB DDR3 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 19" LOADING... HP Desktop Computer DC7800 Core 2 Duo 2.33 GHz 8 GB DDR3 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home Ships from United States. Back To Top Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A The HD dc7800 business desktop is designed for enterprises that seek optimum performance and maximized investment returns. Breeze through daily tasks with Intel high-frequency dual-core processor, gigantic amount of memory and whopping HDD. Rest assured knowing that the proven HP security tools keep your business up and running. Count on the engineering experience built in so you can make the right choice and spend more time concentrating on your business success. Plus, the dc7800 fits any office environments with a compact, sleek package, thus you can enjoy the industry-leading performance, features and security, without sacrificing space. A 19" LCD display is included for out-of-the-box productivity. The Power to Perform The dual-core Intel processor and generous amount of responsive memory deliver the performance you need to deal with everyday office tasks. Helping To Keep You Up and Running Securely HP Compaq dc7800 PCs help to protect your physical and intellectual properties with an enhanced assortment of security tools so you can customize your PC to fit your needs. Get more effective identity protection with HP ProtectTools security software suite which offers an extremely powerful set of multi-factor authentication and access controls. Additionally, keep your users up and running while securing data with optional RAID 1 configurations. The HP Backup and Recovery Manager can help minimize disruption and protect your data against corruption. PC security locks and remotely manageable HP Solenoid locks can also help safeguard your physical assets against theft or tampering. Specialized Designs to Fit Your Needs The flexible choice for business, the HP Compaq dc7800 PC offers power efficient options and innovative form factors so you can create the PC that fits your environment. Select Intel vPro Professional platforms, featuring Intel Active Management Technology 3.0 and support for Virtualization technology, for added manageability and security benefits. The HP Compaq dc7800 PCs have flexibility and productivity features created for businesses like yours so you can focus on your business success, not your PC. Learn more about the Hewlett-Packard DC7800 Model| Brand HP Model DC7800 Part Number 637230992692 Quick Info| Type Business Desktops & Workstations Form Factor Desktop Usage Business Processor Intel Core 2 Duo 2.33 GHz Memory 8 GB DDR3 Storage 1 TB Optical Drive DVD-ROM Ethernet Gigabit Ethernet Monitor 19" LCD Operating System Windows 10 Home CPU| CPU Type Core 2 Duo CPU Speed 2.33 GHz Memory| Memory Capacity 8 GB DDR3 Hard Drive| HDD 1 TB Optical Drive| Optical Drive Type DVD-ROM Display| Screen Size 19" Display Feature LCD Communications| LAN Speed 10/100/1000Mbps Warranty, Returns, And Additional Information Warranty Limited Warranty period (parts): 90 days Limited Warranty period (labor): 90 days Read full details Manufacturer Contact Info Manufacturer Product Page| Website: http://www.hp.com/| Support Phone: 1-800-334-5144 Support Website| View other products from Hewlett-Packard Return Policies We want to ensure your holiday shopping this year is hassle-free. That’s why we’re automatically extending our return policies on almost every product! For purchases placed between November 1, 2016 and December 24, 2016 you will have until January 31, 2017 to return your product. There's nothing additional that you have to do! Return for refund within: non-refundable Return for replacement until: January 31, 2017 This item is covered by Newegg.com's Extended Holiday Replacement-Only Return Policy. Loading... Through the Newegg EggXpert Review Program, Newegg invites its best reviewers, known as EggXperts, to post opinions about new and pre-release products to help their fellow customers make informed buying decisions.Click here for more details. Loading... Select options to continue. Sold and Shipped by: Newegg Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller Add to Compare Add to Wish List Selected Items Reset compare Are you an E-Blast Insider?   Thank you for subscribing Your request will be processed within the next 24 hours. Please add "promo@e.newegg.com" to your address book to ensure delivery. See Today's E-Blast Promo Get Educated Make informed decisions with expert advice. Shop without retyping payment details. Secure shopping made faster. Check out with PayPal. Price Available at Checkout Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" buttonWhy can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" buttonWhy can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. Shop by Region: United States Canada China Taiwan customer service Customer Help Center Track an Order Return an Item Return Policy Privacy & Security Feedback My Account Login/Register My Dashboard Order History Returns History Address Book Wish Lists Newegg Notifications Newegg Subscriptions Auto Notifications Company Information About Newegg Awards/Rankings Hours and Locations Careers Newsroom Newegg Blog Calif. Transparency in Supply Chains Act Tools & Resources Shop by Brand Trade-In Site Map Become an Affiliate Marketplace Sellers Shipped by Newegg Mobile Apps Sell to Newegg Product Review Video Center Rebates Affiliated Sites: NeweggBusiness For Business Needs Newegg Community Newegg Community Newegg GameCrate Gaming and Hardware News Facebook Twitter Instagram Google Pinterest YouTube Rss Policy & Agreement | Privacy Policy  © 2000-2016 Newegg Inc.  All rights reserved. Close close window If the Adobe Reader does not appear when you click on a link for a PDF file, you can download Adobe Reader from the Adobe web site.
Jump to Navigation AU EDITION | Wednesday, November 16, 2016 As of 5:53 PM AEST Subscribe AU Edition Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition U.K. Edition U.S. Edition FOLLOW | Make IBT your homepage Search Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video Technology Apple MacBooks in dire need of revamp; Customers frustrated with ‘extremely outdated’ laptops By Ritwik Roy @ritwikroy1985 on October 17 2016 5:57 PM 0 0 0 0 The new Macbook Air Pro is pictured during the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference 2012 in San Francisco, California June 11, 2012. Reuters/Stephen Lam Apple fans are growing immensely impatient as the tech giant has not released any statement on the MacBook Pro 2016 and MacBook Air 2016. Many of the fans are not happy as MacBook Pro’s design has not been revamped and its hardware specs have not improved significantly with time. Currently, the 13-inch MacBook Pro uses a Broadwell processor and the 15-inch one an Intel Haswell chipset. The Haswell and Broadwell were released in 2013 and 2014 respectively. The Intel Skylake processor was released in 2015 and Kaby Lake 2016. The Apple MacBooks have become stale over the years, writes Forbes. On the other hand, HP laptops have become eye-grabbers even though initially the company was accused of producing boring laptops. In the last couple of years, HP has produced some cutting-edge laptops including the Spectre 13. Recently, it announced the Kaby Lake processors for the Spectre x360. Compared to the Apple MacBooks, HP has constantly kept improving its laptops with new offerings in every launch. It has slowly and steadily been making the bezels thinner. The build material of the laptops is getting better and better with each passing day. HP has significantly improved the LCDs with wider colour gamut, better thermals and batteries. As the editor in chief of tech site Anandtech, Ryan Smith, believes, Apple should have made changes to its MacBooks long time back. “Most models are full price yet years out of date, and that makes buying old models bad investments for consumers,” Smith said. Even Laptopmag, a laptop review site said that “the current MacBooks are extremely outdated,” though it also stated why the upgraded MacBook Pro 2016 and MacBook Air 2016 will finally become beloved once again. An analyst at Canalys, Daniel Matte, said that the new MacBook Pro must upgrade its graphic processor performance and efficiency. Submit Correction 0 0 0 Related Apple MacBook Pro 2016 release date, news & update Apple MacBook Air 2016’s Apple Pencil & Retina Display Join the Discussion 0 0 0 Search Most Shared Most Read 1 New 'Doctor Who' in 2018 0 Shares 2 Evidence says US president-elect Donald Trump could be impeached: Law professor 0 Shares 3 Nostradamus from the Balkans predicted the end of US politics as the world has come to know it 0 Shares 4 November supermoon: When, where and how to view from Australia 0 Shares 5 'Outlander' Season 3: Young Jamie cast; Sam Heughan teases photo 0 Shares 6 ‘Outlander’ star Sam Heughan failed dating attempt 0 Shares 7 ‘Outlander’ star Sam Heughan promises to answer questions 0 Shares 8 'Star Wars: Episode 8' theory' What Rey's training will entail 0 Shares 9 World War III Update: Did Nostradamus predict Trump’s election & third global war? 0 Shares 10 ‘X Factor Australia’ 2016 latest news: Fans blast Iggy Azalea for Chynna Taylor’s exit; Guy Sebastian may have called Iggy’s vote ‘stupid’ [VIDEOS] 0 Shares Follow Us Please enter a valid email Like us Follow us Full site feed Domino’s to sell thickshakes and ice cream in cups in July 2017 3rd loss for Johnson & Johnson after St Louis jury awards over $70 million to California woman diagnosed with ovarian cancer Hancock Prospecting says its bid for Kidman cattle business is superior to BBHO’s AT&T to buy Time Warner for $112.25B Woolworths opens its first next generation store in Sydney Apple Pay wins deal with 31 Australian banks, credit unions More Business Economy Markets Companies Real Estate Banking & Finance Australia infected by killer clown craze Australian resident sentenced to 20 years in Indonesia for cyanide coffee murder NSW parents sentenced to jail for raping, torturing daughter for 15 years Twitter satirist Fake Stephen Conroy killed in Idaho Chili’s apologises after US veteran’s food taken away by manager on Veterans Day Killer clown stabs woman on leg while at home More News Australia Asia Pacific Africa The Americas Europe Middle East Hobart Test: Proof that South Africa captain Faf du Plessis cheated Australian cricket team is third in history to suffer 5 consecutive losses 2 Brisbane hackers enter North Korea by posing as Australian golf delegation Ronda Rousey announces MMA retirement; Fight with Amanda Nunes ‘one of last fights’ LeBron James has season-high 14 assists, Cavaliers beat Raptors in thriller DeMarcus Cousins trade imminent before deadline More Sports AFL NRL Rugby Union Cricket Soccer Tennis Motor Sports Basketball NFL Fight Sports More Google Pixel phone is vulnerable to hacking Apple iOS 10 jailbreak impossible? November supermoon: When, where and how to view from Australia Supermoon November 2016 Australia: When and where to view the 'extra-super moon' The iPhone 7 Plus Full Review: Specs, features and Australian pricing NES Classic Edition: Nintendo promises to restock before the holidays More Life Environment & Science Health & Wellbeing Gaming Technology Travel & Food Fashion & Beauty Art & Design ‘Outlander’: ‘Explore your outer Claire’ says Diana Gabaldon ‘X Factor Australia’ 2016 Top 5 live recap: Judges save Vlado Saric; it’s third time unlucky for Beatz [VIDEOS] 'American Horror Story' Season 6 Episode 10 spoilers: Season finale reveals Lee as the ultimate survivor of ‘Three Days in Hell’ New 'Doctor Who' in 2018 Taylor Swift rebuffs Andy Cohen's suggestion to sit with Katy Perry 'NCIS' Season 14 episode 7 spoilers: ‘Home of the Brave’ tackles immigration issue, provides updates about Tony DiNozzo More Entertainment Movies TV Celebrities Music McLaren 570GT Review: Grand, But No Touring Car NASA's Juno Probe Reaches Jupiter Orbit China Begins Military Exercises In South China Sea Jose Mourinho: 'It's A Job Everyone Wants' Dior Unveils Autumn Creations At Paris Haute Couture Week IBTimes Newsletters Sign up to get the latest headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. We value your privacy. Your email address will not be shared. Sections Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Careers Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy IBT Media Syndication Editions Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Trump says he is only one who knows his future administration makeup World November 16, 7:23 Those responsible for MH17 crash to be named by 2018 - Malaysia minister World November 16, 7:18 Syria’s Assad thanks Russia for military support World November 16, 5:48 Syria’s Assad cautious about Trump, but ready to fight terrorism together World November 16, 5:44 Obama team seeks to prevent Trump from mending ties with Russia - MP World November 16, 5:29 UN committee passes anti-Russian resolution on Crimea World November 16, 3:21 Russian Defense Ministry slams US rhetoric on Russia’s actions in Syria Military & Defense November 16, 2:31 Kurdin sees no political aspect in Ulyukayev’s arrest Business & Economy November 16, 0:24 Putin calls on Roscosmos to take part in more commercial projects Science & Space November 16, 0:09 {{element.title}} {{element.heading}} {{element.date}} Back to Main page Back to Main page World Russian Politics & Diplomacy Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Tags Media Press Releases Infographics Select the city Moscow St.-Petersburg Novosibirsk Ekaterinburg Nizhny Novgorod Samara Kazan Omsk Chelyabinsk Rostov-on-Don Ufa Volgograd Perm Krasnoyarsk Voronezh Currency converter USD EUR GBP CHF JPY CNY Back to Currency converter Exchange rate USD → RUR Сurrency Converter History course Please enter an amount Amount: From: ↔ To: Exchange rate on: 16.11.2016 15.11.2016 14.11.2016 13.11.2016 12.11.2016 11.11.2016 10.11.2016 ^ News Feed Sections World Russian Politics & Diplomacy Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review More World Russian Politics & Diplomacy Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review News Feed News Search Topics All World Russian Politics & Diplomacy Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review ОК Use filter You can filter your feed, by choosing only interesting sections. Go to Search More news Supermicro® Exhibits All-Flash NVMe and 3U/6U MicroBlade™ and IoT Solutions at GITEX 2016 Press Releases October 17, 9:00 UTC+3 Latest Technology and Architecture Innovations Include 1U 10 NVMe All-Flash System, High Density Blade and Embedded IoT Solutions Optimized for New Enterprise, Cloud and HPC Infrastructure Share 1 pages in this article DUBAI, United Arab Emirates, Oct. 17, 2016 /PRNewswire/. Super Micro Computer, Inc. (NASDAQ: SMCI), a global leader in compute, storage, and networking technologies and green IT is exhibiting its latest NVMe optimized server and storage solutions this week at GITEX 2016 in booth SR-M9, DUBAI WORLD TRADE CENTRE. Supermicro's all-NVMe flash 1U Ultra SuperServer® 1028U-TN10RT+ supports ten NVMe SSDs with the industry's first-to-the-market true hot-plug capability for enterprise mission-critical RAS applications.  These Supermicro VSAN ready nodes are ideal for customers looking to create a simple solution to deploy and manage blazing fast hyper-converged clusters with high-availability storage that is targeted for high-performance database and big data analytics applications that demand a high degree of compatibility, reliability and serviceability.  For even higher density all-NVMe flash systems, Supermicro offers a 2U SuperServer that support 24 hot-swap NVMe SSDs and another that supports 48 hot-swap NVMe SSDs. The company has also introduced a new high-availability 2U dual-node system with support for 20 dual-port NVMe SSDs. "As the market leader in hot-plug NVMe all-flash server and storage technology, Supermicro provides enterprise, cloud, storage and IoT customers with the very latest advancements in server, storage and networking technologies to enhance their competitiveness and help ensure future success," said Charles Liang, President and CEO of Supermicro. "Our latest 1U ten hot-swap NVMe drive SuperServers and 2U simple double product line are optimized for data intensive workloads and Virtual SAN applications to deliver extreme performance, density and scalability surpassing the demands of Tier One mission-critical applications. These new offerings expand our broad portfolio of solutions and leverage the most advanced compute and storage technologies available on the market." Exhibits also include the industry's most advanced 6U/3U MicroBlade and Embedded IoT products. Additional products featured include UP motherboards supporting the Intel® Xeon® processor E5-2600/1600 v4/v3 product families, Intel® Xeon® processor E3-1200 v5 product family, Intel® Xeon® E3-1500 v5 family, Intel® Xeon® processor D-1500 product family, 6th Generation Intel® Core™ i7/i5/i3 processor families, and Intel® Atom™ processor family. Supermicro GITEX 2016 Exhibits 1U 10 All-Flash NVMe Virtual SAN Ready Node (SYS-1028U-VSNF Series) – 10 hot-swap 2.5" NVMe SSDs, dual Intel® Xeon® E5-2670 v3 processors, 384GB DDR4 in 24 DIMMs, 16GB SLC SATADOM, and quad 10GbE ports 1U Short-Depth (9.8" depth) SuperServer® (SYS-5018D-FN4T / SYS-5018D-FN8T) compact, space-efficient design with front I/O – FN4T SKU supports single Intel® Xeon® processor D-1541 (8-Core, 45W), -FN8T SKU supports single Intel® Xeon® processor D-1518 (4-Core, 35W), 1x M.2 PCI-E 3.0 x4, M Key 2242/2280 slot, up to 128GB ECC RDIMM DDR4 2400MHz, dual 10GbE LAN and Intel® i350-AM2, dual port GbE LAN (FN4T), 6x port GbE LAN (FN8T) UP Motherboards – X10SDV series supports compact low-power high-performance Intel® Xeon® processor D-1500 family; X10SRM-TF compact micro-ATX supports Intel® Xeon® processor E5-2600 v4 family; X11SSZ-TLN4F, X11SAE-F support Intel® Xeon® processor E3-1200 v5, 6th generation Intel® Core™ i7/i5/i3, Intel® Pentium® and Intel® Celeron®; the X11SSQ, X11SSV-Q support Intel® 6th Gen. Core™ i7/i5/i3 series, Intel® Pentium® and Intel® Celeron® processors; X11SBA-LN4F mini-ITX supports Intel® Pentium® processor N3700 (6W) 3U/6U MicroBlade – designed with superior advantages over other industry-standard architectures with all-in-one total solution, ultra high density and low power consumption, best performance per watt and per dollar, high scalability, and the best ease of service. The MicroBlade enclosure can incorporate a Chassis Management Module, and up to two 10G, 2.5G or 1GbE SDN switches in 3U or up to two Chassis Management Modules, and up to 4 SDN Switches in 6U for efficient, high-bandwidth communications. It can incorporate up to 4 or 8 redundant (N+1 or N+N) 2000W/1600W Titanium/Platinum Level high-efficiency (96%+) power supplies with cooling fans. For more information on Supermicro's complete range of high performance, high-efficiency Server, Storage and Networking solutions, please visit www.supermicro.com. Follow Supermicro on Facebook and Twitter to receive their latest news and announcements. About Super Micro Computer, Inc. (NASDAQ: SMCI) Supermicro® (NASDAQ: SMCI), the leading innovator in high-performance, high-efficiency server technology is a premier provider of advanced server Building Block Solutions® for Data Center, Cloud Computing, Enterprise IT, Hadoop/Big Data, HPC and Embedded Systems worldwide. Supermicro is committed to protecting the environment through its "We Keep IT Green®" initiative and provides customers with the most energy-efficient, environmentally-friendly solutions available on the market. Supermicro, Building Block Solutions and We Keep IT Green are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of Super Micro Computer, Inc. Intel is a registered trademark of Intel Corporation in the United States and other countries. All other brands, names and trademarks are the property of their respective owners. SMCI-F {{item.group_date}} {{item.suffix?", "+item.suffix:""}} Show more Share Top News November 15, 20:51 Putin dismisses Ulyukayev as economy minister November 15, 20:51 November 16, 2:31 Russian Defense Ministry slams US rhetoric on Russia’s actions in Syria November 16, 2:31 November 16, 3:21 UN committee passes anti-Russian resolution on Crimea November 16, 3:21 November 15, 17:32 Investigation into Russian economy minister bribery case underway November 15, 17:32 In other media Реклама Photo 2 To those who fought through the fiery miles of the Arctic seas 2 Latest Seiko Boutique Opens in Frankfurt 2 Yiwu Imported Commodities Fair 2015 Ends in Success With $193 Million in New Business Infographics Russia's gas pipelines to Europe by 2018 Russia’s state defense order in 2015 Chinese Lunar Exploration Program Russia’s Angara A5 heavy-load space carrier rocket Most read Now Today This week 1 Putin sets task to ensure reliable protection of Russian forces in Syria 2 Russian forces launch large-scale operation against terrorists in Syria 3 Trump says he is only one who knows his future administration makeup 4 Syria’s Assad thanks Russia for military support 5 Trump may resume agreements with Russian on Syria — media 6 Russian Defense Ministry slams US rhetoric on Russia’s actions in Syria 7 Best ships of Russia's Caspian Flotilla 1 Russian forces launch large-scale operation against terrorists in Syria 2 Putin sets task to ensure reliable protection of Russian forces in Syria 3 Russian economy minister detained over alleged $2 mln bribe linked to Bashneft deal 4 Russian warship wipes out terrorists with Kalibr missiles in Syria 5 Russian premier says economy minister's detention is beyond his understanding 6 Putin dismisses Ulyukayev as economy minister 7 Putin to start meetings with Defense Ministry, military-industrial enterprises 1 Dutch sub tried to approach Russian aircraft carrier in Mediterranean — defense ministry 2 Russian forces launch large-scale operation against terrorists in Syria 3 Trump elected president of the United States — live coverage 4 Putin congratulates Donald Trump on winning US presidential election 5 MIG-29 fighter jet crashes into Mediterranean off Syrian coast 6 US election results in animated graphics 7 Putin sets task to ensure reliable protection of Russian forces in Syria TOP STORIES US presidential election 2016 Conflict in Syria Russia's defense industry Oil & Gas Industry Space programs Реклама News World Russian Politics & Diplomacy Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Sections Tags Media Press Releases Infographics About us TASS TODAY AGENCY NEWS TASS HISTORY MANAGEMENT CONTACTS Services TASS-PHOTO TASS-ONLINE TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age. © 2016 TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age.
Menu About/Contact Staff Privacy Policy Follow rss twitter gplus facebook Home Headlines Business Technology Entertainment Health Science Contact Home » Headlines » Technology » IBM and other giants to reform servers and make them faster IBM and other giants to reform servers and make them faster By Elizabeth De Faria   /   Monday, 17 Oct 2016 01:29AM IBM, Alphabet Inc., Hewlett-Packard Enterprise Co., Dell Technologies Inc., Advanced Micro Devices Inc., Micron Technology Inc., Nvidia Corp., Mellanox Technologies Lid., and Xilinx Inc. are joining forces to make servers faster. The initiative puts Intel at risk. Servers current circuitry is not fast enough, and International Business Machines Corp. has promised to speed the data transfer in servers up to ten times. The group hopes more companies will be part of the team to improve servers speed. Standard microprocessors are getting faster, but their performance is usually delayed because they need to fetch data from nearby memory chips, graphic chips or other elements used to handle certain tasks. IBM said the new servers and the group’s other products based on OpenCAPI are expected for the second half of 2017. Photo: DigitalTrends Brad McCredie IBM vice president, said that his company and others need to bring new computer architectures and technologies to offer the appropriate service to new workloads. Corporations are also asking variety, referring to Intel and its vast market regarding microprocessors and the technology that connects them to other components. IBM has licensed its technology since 2013, which was exclusive to the company and offers Power-based chips, other markers of chips and systems. After that, Google announced a plan to develop a server using IBM’s Power chip. But there is more; a Google spokeswoman said the searcher also intends to use the IBM-developed communications technology as part of Google’s design, The Wall Street Journal reported. IBM’s new technology is called CAPI, and the group that intends to use it to speed up servers is being called OpenCAPI. CAPI means coherent accelerator processor interface, and the word “coherent” refers to technology that allows multiple components to share a similar pool of memory chips. Those components will be cards containing graphic chips and microprocessors.   IBM vs. Intel: International Business Machines Corp. other interests behind CAPI IBM wants alternative after their servers, which are powered by IBM’s Power chips, declined 34 percent to $1.3 billion in the second quarter of the year, according to estimations from International Data Corp. In contrast, those using x86-based designs powered by Intel or ADM increased 7.3 percent to $11.6 billion. Intel supplies the majority of microprocessors used in servers and has invented the vast majority of the technology that connects chips with other components. OpenCAPI is an advantage to the emerging bottleneck regarding some computing jobs. According to analysts, the group’s approach is an advantage compared to the standard connections that are currently used on most servers. And although Intel’s participation would be significant to OpenCAPI, there is no certainty that the company will join the group. Source: The Wall Street Journal  Richard Nixon Presidential Library and Museum has been reopen < Previous ExoMars’ probe descends to Mars to look for organic traces Next > Social Connection Latest News Disney releases the first “Beauty and the Beast” trailerNovember 15, 2016, No Comments on Disney releases the first “Beauty and the Beast” trailer Brain implant allows women with ALS to communicate without using her eyesNovember 15, 2016, No Comments on Brain implant allows women with ALS to communicate without using her eyes Female panther crosses Florida river for the expansion of populationsNovember 15, 2016, No Comments on Female panther crosses Florida river for the expansion of populations Andy Cohen made Taylor Swift uncomfortable at the 2016 Met GalaNovember 15, 2016, No Comments on Andy Cohen made Taylor Swift uncomfortable at the 2016 Met Gala Twitter’s new feature lets users mute harassing wordsNovember 15, 2016, No Comments on Twitter’s new feature lets users mute harassing words These toys are listed as the most dangerous for the 2016 holidaysNovember 15, 2016, No Comments on These toys are listed as the most dangerous for the 2016 holidays WhatsApp releases new video-calling featureNovember 15, 2016, No Comments on WhatsApp releases new video-calling feature Nat Geo premiered its new miniseries about MarsNovember 15, 2016, No Comments on Nat Geo premiered its new miniseries about Mars Facebook questioned for its influence on the electionNovember 15, 2016, No Comments on Facebook questioned for its influence on the election Trump changes his stance on many issues during CBS ’60 Minutes’November 15, 2016, No Comments on Trump changes his stance on many issues during CBS ’60 Minutes’ © 2016 Copyright Pulse Headlines. All Rights Reserved.
Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Menu Search the BBC Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Find local news Home UK World Business Politics Tech selected Science Health Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability Technology Technology Micro Bit - the view from the teachers Rory Cellan-Jones Technology correspondent 19 October 2016 From the section Technology Image caption The Micro Bit experienced some delays in getting to schools The Micro Bit, conceived as the centrepiece of the BBC's Make it Digital season last year, is now going to live on as a device that can inspire computing creativity in the UK and further afield. But what of its original purpose as a gadget to get a million Year 7 children to think differently about computing? It is fair to say there were plenty of teething troubles with the project. The hope had been that it would arrive in September 2015, at the beginning of the school year, but repeated delays meant many schools were not able to hand the Micro Bits over to Year 7 pupils until the beginning of the summer term. I heard plenty of grumbling from teachers that this was too late to integrate the device into the curriculum and in any case they had not been given time to prepare teaching materials. Image caption Most teachers agree the children enjoyed learning with the Micro Bit There was also a lively discussion about whether it was really a good idea to hand over the Micro Bits to the children to take home - as the project's organisers instructed - rather than keeping them in the classroom. Years ago, I saw a similar debate in Nigeria, where the One Laptop Per Child project encouraged schools to let children take the laptops home, while the rival Intel Classmate scheme saw the computers locked away at the end of each day. The BBC says the Micro Bit has already been a success in changing attitudes to computing, and its research suggests girls in particular are now more inclined to think of studying the subject. But what is the view from the schools that have had to make it work? I've been speaking to three teachers. How has the Micro Bit been received in your school? Amy McGarry-Thickitt, Ashfield School, Nottinghamshire The Micro Bits have gone down very well in our school, students are really enjoying using them and staff have found them easy to teach with. Lucy Bunce, Y Pant Comprehensive, Pontyclun, Glamorgan We found they were much easier to use than the Raspberry Pis that we had tried earlier - they made a very quick impact and were integrated very easily into the network Talking to a few pupils, all said they'd like to do more Micro Bit work in lessons this year, which I think is something we'll pick up on. Image copyright Paula Dean Image caption Ms Dean said that the delay in roll-out meant they are now being used by older children Paula Dean, Pleckgate High School, Blackburn The students are very excited about the Micro Bit. We as computing teachers are also excited because this is a simple way to teach quite complex understanding. The students get real-time visual feedback on their programming, which makes it very exciting. They like that the Micro Bit tells them where there is an error in their coding as well. Did the late arrival of something intended for the beginning of Year 7 have an impact? Amy McGarry-Thickitt: Yes, the late arrival has meant that we are only now teaching with them (current Year 8, last year's Year 7) as we didn't have time to write schemes of work and roll it out, so it had to be postponed. Lucy Bunce: They arrived in March, right in the middle of marking season, so there was no time for the teachers to play around with them and lessons were not as well planned as we would have liked. But we did find lots of good material online. Paula Dean: Yes, it meant in our school that we didn't have the time to use them in Year 7. We are now using them during Year 8 lessons, but also in Year 9 lessons too. Was there any noticeable impact on girls' attitudes to computing? Amy McGarry-Thickitt: Girls seem to be engaging more, and more girls than boys seem interested in taking them home. Image copyright Lucy Bunce Image caption Miss Bunce wonders if the devices will end up "being stuck in a drawer" Lucy Bunce: Well, we took a group of girls to a digital festival and they gave good feedback - but they were perhaps a self-selecting group. We have finally got four girls to do computing GCSE, out of a total of 23 students. Paula Dean: The girls are more engaged due to the visual aspect of the Micro Bit. They can see how this could be used in the real world. Were the children allowed to take the devices home? Amy McGarry-Thickitt: While we are working on them in school, we have kept hold of the Micro Bit - but at the end of the topic we are allowing students to take them home if they choose to. Lucy Bunce: Yes they took them home at the end of the summer term. We need to find out what they did with them - my fear is that many may have ended up being stuck in a drawer. In retrospect, we wonder whether we should have held them back and given them to this year's Year 7s. Image caption Some schools let children take the Micro Bit home after lessons finished But a few pupils have told me they played with them in the holidays. One said he'd connected it to his phone and made a selfie stick with it, and another took it on the plane to Croatia and had all the flight attendants playing. Paula Dean: The children have not yet taken them home. In our computing lessons, we have introduced them to programming using it. Once they are confident in using the website and the different programming languages, then the Year 8 students will take them home. We didn't want them to take them without knowing how to use them, because we feared they would just get stuck in a drawer never to be used again. What happens next? Do this year's Year 7s get them, or do the children who've already got them carry on using them in class? Amy McGarry-Thickitt: Next year, we will be using any that we have left with other year groups. We would like to run an after-school club for the children who take them home. Image caption Amy McGarry-Thickitt says Micro Bit classes at her school had to be postponed Lucy Bunce: We could not afford to buy them for all of the year, but we are considering getting several per class. Paula Dean: We are going to be running a club where students can make music with them. The idea is to have a music gig to present in assemblies. Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp Linkedin More Technology stories Top Stories Black women urged to be breast aware Black women in England are more likely to be diagnosed with advanced breast cancer than white women. 16 November 2016 RSPCA 'should lose prosecution powers' 16 November 2016 Johnson's Brexit vision is 'impossible' 16 November 2016 Features Video 1:14 Casting the net Can social media help catch the cat killer? Video 3:52 My hero How Idris Elba changed my life Somme discovery Graphic first-hand accounts of horrific battle revealed Wrongly convicted 'How I survived 22 years on death row' When the light got in How India cured Leonard Cohen of depression Poo power The firms turning human waste into profit Teach yourself Indian pupils use computers to invent their own lessons News navigation Sections Home UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Alba Wales Cymru World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada Business Business Home Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Politics Politics Home Parliaments Brexit US Election 2016 Tech selected Science Health Education Education Home School Report Global Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2016 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
Wed 16 Nov 2016 | 2:50 GMT You are here: Home > Investing > Metals & Mining > Article Home News Investing Markets Metals & Mining Energy & Oil Agricultural Commodities Quotes Currencies Video AlertNet Humanitarian News About Thomson Reuters GLOBAL MARKETS-Shares edge up on China growth relief, oil higher Wed Oct 19, 2016 5:36am GMT   Print | Single Page [-] Text [+] * China Q3 GDP grew 6.7 pct as forecast, industrial output misses * Asia shares ex-Japan up 0.4 pct, Nikkei shade firmer * Oil extends gains as U.S. crude stockpiles fall * Wall St up as earnings beat forecasts, but Intel slides By Wayne Cole SYDNEY, Oct 19 (Reuters) - Asian shares rose for a second session on Wednesday as a barrage of Chinese data confirmed the economy had stabilised on the back of government spending and a hot housing market, even if worries about debt continue to mount. The initial reaction was muted with few fireworks in the figures and Shanghai stocks edged up 0.2 percent. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan added 0.4 percent, on top of Tuesday's 1.4 percent jump. Australian shares firmed 0.3 percent, while Japan's Nikkei rose 0.1 percent. EMini futures for the S&P 500 were also a fraction firmer, while spreadbetters predicted modest opening gains for European bourses.   Continued... View article on single page Market Update Africa US Europe Asia Currencies UK £ USD =1.2479 Euro USD =1.0746 Rand USD =0.0706 af.reuters.com:  Help and Contact Us Thomson Reuters Corporate:  Copyright  |  Disclaimer  |  Privacy Policy  |  Careers   International Editions : Africa  |  Arabic  |  Argentina  |  Brazil  |  Canada  |  China  |  France  |  Germany  |  India  |  Italy  |  Japan  |  Latin America  |  Mexico  |  Russia  |  Spain  |  United Kingdom  |  United States   Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Thomson Reuters journalists are subject to an Editorial Handbook which requires fair presentation and disclosure of relevant interests.
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Contact SFGate Customer Support Submissions & Tips Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants News Bay Area & State Education Traffic Nation World Politics Crime Election Results Obituaries Smell the Truth SF deals major blow to Airbnb with tough short-term rental law Graton casino’s $175 million hotel opens to the public Hundreds walk out of Stanford classes, demand ‘sanctuary Big Squaw Valley resort expansion gets the green light Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Sports Blogs Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Golf Outdoors 49ers: Source says Arik Armstead will be ready for offseason Zaza Pachulia making strides with Warriors Cal’s Sonny Dykes lives in no-red zone, not just Big Game week Colin Kaepernick’s play has improved recently Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Lyft replaces famous mustache with glowing Amp on dashboards PG&E plugs fast-rising executive Geisha Williams into CEO role Fake news hurts Google, Facebook; PayPal boycott woes Where finance and technology come together Entertainment The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Blogs Events Puzzles TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Things To Do Delightful 1985 Japanese food movie ‘Tampopo’ is back in The latest from Dear Abby “Fantastic Beasts” embarks on a magical journey to the After years building trust, Sleigh Bells explore new sounds Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Commercial Dungeness crab season under way in the Bay Area Our favorite Dungeness crab recipes Oakland’s Ozumo to close Nov. 20 The Saratoga opens in the Tenderloin Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities 14 fresh ways to mix vintage style into a modern home Read a California student's letter to Donald Trump 9 of the weirdest classic Thanksgiving recipes The Chronicle has Baby animals are here to soothe your troubled mind Travel Destination BC Whistler Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Exotic Destinations Snow Suite Spot: Chaminade Resort & Spa, Santa Cruz Insider: Guidebook author’s Santa Cruz favorites Rick Steves: Communicate even if you don’t know the lingo Stargazing in Lake County Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Prime location, fine style await at Cow Hollow trilevel Escape reality with this hexagonal home in the La Honda woods Hillsborough estate sees a $70 million cut from original listing Grand 1928 Tudor with solarium and bridge views asks $14 million Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car An Artfully Performing SUV 1955 Beardmore Taxi A mid-size fuel saving hybrid without a plug Nurse finds adventure in ’66 Porsche Jobs Job Events Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work How to Ace a 30-Minute Interview Know why you need to develop self-awareness Shape up your resume to open more doors of opportunity Know how to ace an executive interview Video Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Thomas Lee Matier & Ross C.W Nevius Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler The ultimate NorCal brewery map Top 100 Restaurants Warriors show their style off the court MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/Business-News-Roundup-Oct-19-9982131.php Business News Roundup, Oct. 19 Chronicle News Services Published 4:50 pm, Tuesday, October 18, 2016 Photo: Eric Risberg, Associated Press Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 FILE - In this Tuesday, Oct. 4, 2016, file photo, Sabrina Ellis, Google director of product management, talks about the colors of the new Google Pixel phone during a product event, in San Francisco. Google's Pixel doesn't offer a lot that's new. Yet it's still one of the best out there. Google achieves that by pulling together the best features from Apple, Samsung and other phones and offering them at prices comparable to iPhones. (AP Photo/Eric Risberg, File) less FILE - In this Tuesday, Oct. 4, 2016, file photo, Sabrina Ellis, Google director of product management, talks about the colors of the new Google Pixel phone during a product event, in San Francisco. Google's ... more Photo: Eric Risberg, Associated Press Business News Roundup, Oct. 19 1 / 1 Back to Gallery DreamWorks settles case Comcast Corp.’s DreamWorks Animation SKG agreed to pay $50 million to resolve claims it colluded with other animation studios not to hire one another’s workers in California, where allegations of no-poaching pacts have plagued technology companies for years. DreamWorks will cooperate with lawyers for former animators and visual effects employees who are pressing forward with their class-action case against Walt Disney Co. and its Lucasfilm and Pixar units, plaintiffs’ attorneys said in a court filing Monday seeking approval of the accord. Two Sony Pictures units and Blue Sky Studios already have won preliminary approval for settlements totaling $19 million. The antitrust suit against the California-based companies is based on allegations that they conspired to suppress wages through a “gentleman’s agreement” not to solicit each other’s workers. Apple, Google, Inc., Intel Corp. and Adobe Systems Inc. last year paid $415 million to resolve their part in a similar case that was brought against a group of Silicon Valley technology companies that had been investigated for collusion by the U.S. Justice Department. In a follow-on case, LG Corp. and Samsung Electronics Co. were sued in September over claims they conspired to suppress wages by agreeing not to recruit each other’s employees. Comcast spokeswoman Jennifer Khoury didn’t immediately respond to an email seeking comment on Monday’s settlement. Stocks Google hits record high Alphabet Inc. shares hit a record high on Tuesday after mostly positive reviews for its new Pixel phones, the first line of phones designed in-house by its Google unit. The Mountain View company’s stock gained 1.82 percent to close at $821. 49 after earlier reaching $828, the highest price since Google’s shares were first traded in the public markets on Aug. 19, 2004. The mostly positive reviews are a change for Google, a company that has occasionally pushed out glitch-ridden devices before they were ready for mainstream consumption. Automakers Tesla updates delivery date Tesla Motors Inc. said buyers who place new orders for Model 3 vehicles can expect to begin receiving deliveries as soon as mid-2018, with production starting as scheduled late next year. “Production begins late 2017. Delivery estimate for new reservations is mid 2018 or later,” the electric-car marker said on its website Tuesday. Tesla shares briefly pared gains after the news was initially interpreted as a delay in the introduction of the vehicle. The shares rose $5.14 or 2.65 percent to close at $199.10. “Today’s website update doesn’t reflect any change in our plans,” Tesla said. “We still plan to begin Model 3 deliveries in late 2017, and we adjusted the date on our marketing page to reflect more accurate timing for new/future reservation holders.” The Model 3 update comes as Tesla is scheduled to unveil a new product Wednesday, leading to speculation about what the company will announce. Energy Airbnb teams with SolarCity Airbnb Inc. is teaming up with SolarCity Corp. to encourage the home-sharing company’s hosts to install solar-panel systems. Those renting out properties via Airbnb can get up to $1,000 cash back if they use the San Mateo company to install solar systems. That deal is valid through the first three months of 2017; after that, the discount will be $750. Additionally, existing SolarCity customers who become Airbnb hosts will get $100 in credit to stay in an Airbnb property. “This gives the Airbnb host an incredible opportunity to understand the benefit of solar and to really differentiate their property,” said Toby Corey, president of global sales and customer experience at SolarCity. “It represents an entirely new incremental user base for SolarCity.” Chronicle News Services Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. MYSTERIOUS RUMBLING IN THE SOUTH BAY San Jose residents report phantom earthquake Latest News All lobbyists reportedly cut from Trump's transition team SF police union under fire over new use-of-force policy SF proposal would limit pot gardens in industrial buildings Bannon accused of illegally accepting super PAC money Students solve Facebook's fake-news problem Hundreds walk out at Stanford, demand 'sanctuary campus' George W. Bush: 'Anger shouldn't drive policy' UC Berkeley protest after sex-harassment finding Commercial Dungeness crab season under way in Bay Area Recreational Dungeness crab season opens in California Our favorite Dungeness crab recipes Big Squaw Valley resort expansion gets green light Sierra ski season opens at Mammoth Mountain Did you know? Trump owns part of iconic SF skyscraper Morford: Dear Trump voter, he despises you Photos of the Supermoon over the Bay Area and the world How the supermoon looked around the world Today's Gate Features Hacked 'Heil Trump' road sign appears In Hayes Valley Chinese think this poofy-headed bird looks like Trump Transamerica Pyramid: Once controversial, now beloved SFGATE'S BEST DEALS Sponsored Amplify your daily productivity with Pagico 8 Task Manager This magnetic space putty is the ultmate stress buster and you... Most Popular 1 San Jose residents report earthquake, but USGS says there... 2 California Senator Barbara Boxer files bill that aims to... 3 Millbrae resident charged with hate crime in attack on Latino man 4 Dear Trump voter: Your new president despises you 5 SF tenants take landlady to trial over evictions 6 Man held on psych evaluation, accused of grabbing nanny,... 7 'Anger shouldn't drive policy': George W. Bush has some advice... 8 Woman, 61, charged in Oakland triple slaying 9 Donald Trump has changed his mind on these 7 campaign promises 10 Little known fact: Donald Trump owns part of SF's iconic 555... View Comments © 2016 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Member Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Market Insider with Patti Domm Forget the election, this is what could move stocks Wednesday Patti Domm | @pattidomm Tuesday, 18 Oct 2016 | 6:56 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters <p>Is the negative US earnings streak over?</p> <p>Despite market consensus, earnings this quarter will be flat to slightly positive, says Erik Ristuben, CIO at Russell Investments.</p> Is the negative US earnings streak over?    Tuesday, 18 Oct 2016 | 6:16 PM ET | 01:25 Earnings news could be the driver for stocks Wednesday with several dozen S&P 500 companies reporting and a potential end to the earnings recession in sight. There are also a few economic reports, including housing starts and building permits at 8:30 a.m. and the Beige Book on the economy at 2 p.m. EDT. There are several Fed speakers, and the third and final presidential debate is Wednesday evening. Stronger-than-expected earnings from UnitedHealth Group and Goldman Sachs helped push the Dow higher Tuesday, and Netflix surged on its late Monday report, driving gains in the Nasdaq. Two big tech earnings have disappointed. IBM took a hit on earnings news during the trading day, and Intel's report after the close knocked its stock down nearly 5 percent. The Dow was up 75 Tuesday at 18,161, while the S&P 500 rose 13 at 2,139 and the Nasdaq jumped 44 at 5,243. "It typically happens when you head into earnings reporting period that you have a dip because of some negative preannouncements," said Sam Stovall, chief investment strategist at CFRA. He said earnings can then become positive catalysts for stocks, and earnings have proven to be better-than-expected in the last 18 quarters. "If history repeats itself, last quarter we were up 3.3 percentage points. If we get that similar improvement, we could see earnings up 2.5 percent." That's significant since Stovall said earnings were expected to be negative in the third quarter, for a fifth quarter. But now, with the combined expectations and actual results from S&P companies that have reported, they are expected to be down just 0.4 percent, basically flat, and could easily rise into positive territory. Even though the earnings recession could be ending, it doesn't mean it's a great time to buy stocks, Stovall said. He said according to history, the best time to buy back into equities during an earnings recession is after the second consecutive quarter of year-on-year declines. The average earnings recession has lasted 4.4 quarters and troughed 2.6 quarters into the recession. Waiting to buy equities until the final quarter of the recession, however, has been seen to provide sub-par returns, he said. "Specifically, the S&P 500 rose 1.2 percent, 1.6 percent, and 2.3 percent in the three- six-, and 12-months, respectively, after recording the final negative quarter during EPS recessions, as compared with S&P 500 average returns of 2.0 percent, 4.1 percent and 8.5 percent during all such three- six-, and 12-month periods," he wrote in a note. The market performs even better after the second quarter of a decline. Three months later it is up 2.1 percent; six months later up 5.8 percent, and a year later, it averages an 8.9 percent gain. Stovall doesn't expect a market reaction ahead of Wednesday night's debate, unless there are some new significant headlines. The focus will be on Trump's performance, he said. "He didn't lose ground after debate number two. Debate number three, the question is does he sound more presidential or does he sound more eccentric. It's really more presidential versus sensational," said Stovall. On Wednesday, earnings reports are expected from Abbott Laboratories, Morgan Stanley, US Bancorp, St. Jude Medical, Halliburton, Canadian Pacific Railway, Seagate Technology and M&T Bank. Tupperware and Genuine Parts also report. American Express, eBay, Mattel, Kinder Morgan, Tractor Supply, Lam Research and BancorpSouth report after the closing bell. Fed speakers are also out and about, with speeches expected from San Francisco Fed President John Williams at 8:45 a.m. EDT on diversity in financial services, and Dallas Fed President Robert Kaplan at 1:30 p.m. EDT before the Fort Worth Chamber of Commerce. New York Fed President William Dudley speaks at 7:45 p.m. on New York's economic history. Patti DommCNBC Executive News Editor Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change ABT --- DJIA --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
CLOSE News County Isla Vista National Top News UCSB Features A & E Science & Tech Opinions Photo About Editorial Board Advertising Tuesday, November 15th 2016 News AllCountyIsla VistaNationalTop NewsUCSB County News in Brief: Nov. 9 to Nov. 15 News Students, Senators Continue Discussing Funding Ben Shapiro Talk County Santa Barbara Residents Endeavor to Stand with Standing Rock National UC Students, Faculty Rally Against Election Outcome Features A & E Science & Tech Opinions Photo About Editorial Board Advertising Home A & E The Case For PC Over Console Gaming A & E Video Games The Case For PC Over Console Gaming By Student Admin - October 17, 2016 0 277 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Image Courtesy of Youtube Matthew Lee Staff Writer A recent debate has heated up two opposing views — and no, I am not talking about the 2016 presidential election, but the more important issue of which gaming platform is the best. In one corner is the family-oriented, bring-your-friends-over, homely console, with classic exclusives and a couch gaming experience on a big screen. In the other corner is the customizable, overclockable and powerful PC, with countless titles and mods for said titles. Which platform is truly the best? Now before the article takes off, there is a required disclaimer. As a PC gamer, I tend to offer more bias to my allies. However, as a former console gamer when I was younger, I am able to understand and offer both sides of the argument to the table. This analysis will be purely factual and focus on objective attributes to tally up scores for either side. First and foremost, we must discuss the issue of performance. As technology progresses, so does the graphics potential of video games. Many players enjoy the aesthetics of a game and value the detailed physics, vibrant colors and realistic character models that next generation games have to offer. In this category, there is no question that a PC is able to offer the best frame rates and picture quality. Consoles just do not have the graphics processing power to present an equal match. However, in order to run next generation games such as “Dark Souls III” and “Hitman” at high resolutions with great framerates, one requires a powerful setup. Players need to spend quite a hefty amount if they want the best possible rendering machine, as decent graphics cards are priced at $250 or more and robust processors like the Intel i5 cost more than $200. With this being said, it has been proven multiple times that at the cost of a PS4 or Xbox One you can build a PC that will run games better than both consoles. Other players don’t care too much about graphics, but focus on the games themselves. It used to be that console games were classics and exclusive to console. Games such as the Halo franchise gained popularity and were released exclusively for consoles. However, with the rise in popularity of PCs and PC gaming, game developers have recognized the growing audience behind the keyboard and have remastered versions of these classics for the PC. Additionally, there are tons of PC games which won’t drop in the console world anytime soon, such as “League of Legends” or “DoTA.” Now with these two valid points, one might wonder, what IS console gaming good for? Console gaming had its golden ages in the late 20th and early 21st centuries, when PC gaming wasn’t as developed as it was. Back then, computers were just for tech-savvy people who used it for work or for games too sophisticated for the majority of the player base. Console gaming dominated, as classics such as “Super Smash Bros.” or “Halo” brought attention to in-house, multiplayer games. This was a time and era where kids played outside with each other, and in order to sell games, creators made games that allowed kids to play with each other in their own houses. As technology progressed, we got devices such as the Gameboy, a single-player handheld game that was portable. These types of portable devices changed the field of gaming so that kids were able to play solo or with friends. Games like “Pokémon” skyrocketed in popularity during this time. As time passed, the group-gaming experience really died down. Kids wanted to stay inside by themselves, but didn’t want to play alone. Additionally, the demographic for gaming expanded, as the children who grew up on video games were older, but they didn’t lose that interest for gaming. Internet gaming was the answer. The Nintendo DS offered wi-fi connection, allowing players to interact and play with others far away or next door. Console games also took advantage of this, as Xbox Live and Playstation Network offered a means of communication to play cooperative and competitive games such as “Call of Duty” with a large group of people. This opened the path for PC gaming. Players took note of the high costs of new games ($60) and the unreliability of the hardware in consoles. PC gaming offered a greater gaming experience at a lower cost, mostly because many households already had a PC, so all you needed was a good graphics card. From that point on, PC gaming began dominating the video game scene. Now, PC gaming is as popular as ever, as many of the world’s most popular games such as “League of Legends,” “Starcraft II,” “DoTA,” and “Hearthstone” are exclusively designed for the PC. In short, console games established the runway and boarded the passengers, but PC gaming is responsible for taking the world of gaming to flight. Although PC gaming is dominant in this day and age, there must be acknowledgement given to console gaming’s golden days. Without consoles, there might not have been a platform for PC gaming to thrive and an audience to capture. However, it’s safe to say that console gaming’s time is up, and PC gaming’s time is now. Student Admin RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR A & E Night of DIY Folk Offers Welcome Antidote to Election Anguish A & E Denis Villeneuve’s Sci-Fi Speculation Makes Its ‘Arrival’ A & E 2 Chainz Experiments with “Hibachi for Lunch” NO COMMENTS LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Digital Edition ABOUT USThe Bottom Line is a student-run weekly newspaper sponsored by the students of the University of California, Santa Barbara with a quarterly lock-in fee of $1.69 per student. We are proud to offer quality investigative journalism, news, arts and entertainment, science and technology, multimedia, and opinions content. Contact us: bottomlineucsb@gmail.com FOLLOW US © Copyright 2015 - The Bottom Line
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Linux > Linux Distributions FLASH SALE: SpyShelter Firewall      30% OFF! Solus Enables OpenGL 4.5 for Intel Broadwell, MATE Edition Coming Along Nicely Exclusive GO Full IBus support lands for Budgie Desktop Oct 18, 2016 22:40 GMT  ·  By Marius Nestor  ·  Share:  It's been a great week for users of the unique and independent Solus operating system, and while you're waiting impatiently for the Solus 1.2.1 release, we'd like to tell you a little bit about what landed in Solus during the past week. It looks like the Solus devs have been quite busy lately adding a bunch of goodies for your enjoyment, starting with Linux kernel 4.8.2, full disk encryption, which will be available in the Solus 1.2.1 installer, OpenGL 4.5 support for Intel Broadwell, promising boost in gaming performance, and continuing with the latest Nvidia 370.28 graphics drivers, along with the 32-bit ones, and the ability to install the Yarn Package Manager. Moreover, Solus repos received latest PHP support so you can run Symfony Framework, the LightDM display manager was made stateless, which means that there's no /etc/lightdm configuration file anymore by default, a "Restart Now" button has been added to the Solus Installer in Solus 1.2.1, and a new version of Software Center landed with more third-party apps, desktop notifications for upgrades, and more. Lastly, the mouse cursor glitch in Mozilla Firefox was finally patched, and it looks like a lot of work was put into improving the Budgie desktop environment, which received a bunch of nice tweaks, such as full IBus support, a cute new Budgie icon contributed by the Ubuntu Budgie Remix (budgie-remix) team, and some other things that remain a secret until the day Solus 1.2.1 is released. First official Solus MATE Edition coming very soon Apart from the goodies mentioned above, which already landed in the repositories of the distribution, the hard working Solus development team was preparing the first ever Solus MATE Edition, which should hit the streets very soon as part of the Solus 1.2.1 release. If you can't wait for the final release, you can install the MATE 1.16 desktop environment right now from the repos. You can call it Soulmate or whatever you want, but the Solus MATE Edition is coming along nicely, and Solus patrons and supporters were able to get an early taste the other day and enjoy a beautifully designed and fast MATE 1.16 Desktop experience, along with all the powerful tweaks Solus is offering, and the latest software releases, of course. Take a look! Solus MATE Edition Budgie desktop featuring IBus   CHECK OUT THE GALLERY  (4 Images) #Solus 1.2.1#OpenGL 4.5#Intel Broadwell#Linux kernel 4.8.2#Linux subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Solus (4 Images) 01 02 03 04 Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news KDE Plasma 5.9 Desktop Launches January 31, 2017, Next LTS Arrives August 2018 Parted Magic 2016_10_18 Disk Partitioning Live CD Is Out with Nearly 800 Updates Tor Project Releases Tor (The Onion Router) 0.2.8.9 with New Security Fixes Fedora 25 Linux OS to Officially Offer Support for Raspberry Pi 2 and 3 Devices Firefox 50.0 Officially Released for Linux, Mac and Windows, Here's What's New Some U.S. Android Phones Have Secret Backdoor That Sends Data to China Apple Insider Says iPhone 6 Plus Has a Major Bug, Company Should Start Recall Hackers Steal FIFA Currency, Buy Houses and Expensive Cars with the Money Microsoft Pledges to Completely Retire Office 2007 Next Year X.Org Server 1.19.0 Officially Released, Coming Soon to a Linux Distro Near You Red Hat Software Collections 2.3 and Red Hat Developer Toolset 6 Available Now Linux Kernel 4.4.32 LTS Adds Networking Improvements, Updated AMDGPU Drivers 4 photos    Solus offers OpenGL 4.5 for Intel Broadwell Other Linux Distros LFA (Linux For All): A 64-bit only Linux-based operating system that features four desktop environments Salix OS Xfce Live: A Live Linux distribution based on Slackware Linux and featuring the Xfce desktop environment Tails OS: An open source live Linux operating system focused on Internet privacy and anonymity 4MLinux Core: A core version of the 4MLinux operating system aimed for building your own distro NethServer: A beautifully engineered server oriented operating system based on the CentOS Linux technologies Black Lab Linux: An Ubuntu-based Linux operating system that features the Xfce desktop environment AUSTRUMI: A business card size bootable Linux distribution based on the Slackware operating system Reader comments Major Cryptsetup Vulnerability Affects Some LUKS-Encrypted GNU/Linux Systems more on: CVE-2016-4484 i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2016 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
Latest News Dow 18,923 +54.37 +0.29% Nasdaq 5,276 +57.23 +1.10% S&P 500 2,180 +16.19 +0.75% 1:12 A.M. ET Australia wage growth falls to record low 1:09 A.M. ET Dollar’s march higher takes a break as investors wonder if it’s gone too far 12:51 A.M. ET Violent Protests Break Out in Athens as Obama Visits 11/15 Updated Asian stocks peek higher, led by financials 11/15 Walgreens says Theranos voided 11.3% of its customers’ blood tests 11/15 Henry Louis Gates Discusses Ideological Divides Among Black Americans 11/15 Want a cheaper fare on United? It’ll cost you the overhead bin 11/15 Updated Warren Buffett loves four airline stocks, but Wall Street prefers this one 11/15 Henry Louis Gates Discusses New PBS TV Series 11/15 Updated SEC boss Mary Jo White should be stepping up the fight, not stepping down 11/15 Updated 5 reasons why it’s too early for investors to stop worrying about President Trump 11/15 Investors hope Snap will unlock IPO market for tech unicorns 11/15 Updated New supersonic jetliner a step closer to getting off the ground 11/15 Elizabeth Warren rips Trump’s picks of ‘Wall Street insiders’ 11/15 Proposed Passenger Jet Could Reach Supersonic Speeds 11/15 Social Media Companies Tackle Fake News and Abuse 11/15 Preet Bharara hopeful that insider-trading prosecutions will ramp up 11/15 Updated Family of Chicago folk singer Steve Goodman sold ‘Go, Cubs, Go’ rights mere months before World Series 11/15 PlayStation Network may have been target of October’s internet attack 11/15 Sen. Elizabeth Warren on Election 2016 Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Fitch Removes KLA-Tencor from Positive Watch and Affirms IDR at 'BBB-'; Outlook Positive By Published: Oct 18, 2016 5:50 p.m. ET Share CHICAGO, Oct 18, 2016 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Fitch Ratings has removed KLA-Tencor Corporation (KLA-Tencor) from Rating Watch Positive and affirmed the ratings including the Long-Term Issuer Default Rating (IDR) at 'BBB-'. The Rating Outlook is now Positive. Fitch's actions affect $3.6 billion of total debt, including the $500 million undrawn revolving credit facility (RCF). A full list of ratings follows at the end of this release. Fitch's actions follow KLA-Tencor's termination of its merger agreement with Lam Research Corporation (Lam), as the Positive Watch incorporated Fitch's expectation that it would upgrade KLA-Tencor's ratings to 'BBB+' upon consummation of the transaction. The affirmation at 'BBB-' reflects the company's still elevated total leverage (total debt-to-operating EBITDA) on a standalone basis, while the Positive Outlook reflects Fitch's expectations for continued deleveraging over the next 12-24 months from a combination of voluntary debt reduction, which the company articulated it will make a priority, and profitability growth. On Oct. 6, 2016, KLA-Tencor announced the termination of its merger agreement with Lam due to the U.S. Department of Justice advising KLA-Tencor and Lam it would not continue with a consent decree the parties had been negotiating. The deal would have combined technology and market share leaders in the process and process control segments of the semiconductor capital equipment industry, consolidating leading edge technology and research and development (R&D) platforms critical to the continuation of Moore's Law. Fitch believes credit protection measures remain consistent with a 'BBB-' rating following the company's leveraged recapitalization in fiscal 2015. Fitch estimates total leverage of 2.8x for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016, versus 3.8x for the prior fiscal year, due mostly to profitability growth but also a $117.5 million prepayment on the term loans. Solid revenue growth, driven by increasing complexity of yield challenges and higher profitability from operating leverage and restructuring actions drove solid FCF of $381.7 million (Fitch defined as after dividends), enabling debt reduction with domestic cash flow. Fitch expects continued solid top-line performance through the cycle, driven by secular trends and likely share gains over time, given competitive advantages related to KLA-Tencor's R&D scale, installed base, and cumulative intellectual property (IP) portfolio. Profitability should remain cyclical, given operating leverage and sales mix variance, but structurally higher due to restructuring. In the near term, operating EBITDA margin should compress to the mid-30% range from a Fitch estimated 37% for fiscal 2016, due to restarting stalled projects and rebuilding certain administrative organizations depleted in anticipation of the merger. KEY RATING DRIVERS --Commitment to Technology Leadership: Fitch believes KLA-Tencor's commitment to maintaining technology leadership has resulted in R&D scale advantages, significant installed base and substantial cumulative IP. The company's technology leadership should continue to drive strong and growing market share positions in the process control market for semiconductors and higher mix of less volatile services revenues; --Secular Growth Trends: Fitch believes secular long-term growth trends will drive low-single-digit revenue growth for the semiconductor capital equipment industry. Ever-increasing technological complexity (including FinFET, multi-patterning, 3D NAND), short life cycles for certain semiconductor markets products and increased outsourcing to foundry partners will drive demand, although within a cyclical context; --FCF Through the Cycle: Fitch expects $250 million to $500 million of annual FCF through a typical cycle, driven by strong profitability from operating leverage in an upturn, working capital liquidation in a downturn, and structurally minimal capital intensity. Fitch also expects positive FCF in a severe downturn, as KLA-Tencor demonstrated by generating positive FCF in fiscal 2009, despite a 40% sales decline. --Substantial R&D Intensity: Fitch expects KLA-Tencor's R&D intensity will remain significant and represent 17%-18% as a percentage of revenue. In the short term, the company can flex investments, but Fitch believes R&D is largely fixed over the longer term and is critical to maintaining its pace of innovation. KLA-Tencor spends more in annual R&D than the revenue of many of its competitors, which has resulted in substantial cumulative R&D and a meaningful competitive advantage. --Substantial and Growing Customer Concentration: Fitch expects spending on the leading edge, which continues to be exponentially costly, will remain consolidated and has the potential to consolidate further. Fitch believes KLA-Tencor will continue to derive a significant amount of revenue from capital-spending leaders driving Moore's Law (Intel Corp., Samsung, and Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Limited), resulting in top-line volatility. However, consolidation among customers below the top 3 could exacerbate volatility and constrain KLA-Tencor's pricing power. KEY ASSUMPTIONS Fitch's key assumptions within the rating case for KLA-Tencor include: --Low- to mid-single-digit revenue growth through the cycle, supported by secular trends, growing backlog, expectations for share gains and growing services business. Fitch expects mid-single-digit revenue growth in the near term, supported by strong orders exiting fiscal 2016, although industry forecasts for negative semiconductor growth in calendar 2017 could result in more cautious capital spending; --Operating EBITDA margins contract to mid-30% range in fiscal 2017, due to increased R&D and general and administrative (G&A) investments following the merger termination, offsetting higher revenue levels. Through the cycle, Fitch expects operating EBITDA margins will range from the low- to mid-30% range; --Dividends grow 10% annually, while share repurchases are limited to offsetting dilution; --KLAC uses domestic annual FCF, which Fitch estimates at $100 million to $150 million based upon sales mix and historical domestic liquidity patterns, to repay the term loan, resulting in total leverage in the company's target range of 2x-2.5x in the fiscal 2018-2019 period. RATING SENSITIVITIES Positive rating actions could occur if: --KLAC continues using FCF for debt reduction, resulting in Fitch's near-term expectations for mid-cycle total leverage below 2.5x; --Fitch expects mid-cycle operating EBITDA margin above 35%, reinforcing the company's technology leadership and pricing power within the context of escalating investment levels to support Moore's Law. The Rating Outlook could be revised to Stable if: --Operating performance underperforms meaningfully due to competitive concerns, resulting in FCF below Fitch's expected forecasted range of $250 million to $500 million; --KLAC fails to use FCF for debt reduction resulting in total leverage sustained near 3x. LIQUIDITY Fitch expects liquidity will remain adequate and as of June 30, 2016 was supported by: --$2.5 billion of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, although $1.7 billion was located outside the U.S.; --Undrawn $500 million RCF expiring Nov. 2019. Fitch also expects $250 million to $500 million of annual FCF to support liquidity. Total debt at June 30, 2016 was $3.1 billion and consisted of: --$250 million of 2.375% senior notes due Nov. 1, 2017; --$250 million of 3.375% senior notes due Nov. 1, 2019; --$500 million of 4.125% senior notes due Nov. 1, 2021; --$1.25 billion of 4.65% senior notes due Nov. 1, 2024; --$250 million of 5.65% senior notes due Nov. 1, 2034; and --$576 million term loans due 2019, for which there are no scheduled payments in fiscal 2017-2018, since KLA-Tencor made $117.5 million of principal prepayments in fiscal 2016. FULL LIST OF RATING ACTIONS Fitch has affirmed the following ratings: KLA-Tencor Corporation --Long-Term Issuer Default Rating at 'BBB-'; --Senior unsecured term loan A at 'BBB-'; --Senior unsecured RCF at 'BBB-'; --Senior unsecured notes at 'BBB-'. Date of Relevant Rating Committee: Oct. 17, 2016 Summary of Financial Statement Adjustments - Fitch made no financial statement adjustments that depart materially from those contained in the published financial statements of KLA-Tencor Corporation. Additional information is available on www.fitchratings.com. Applicable Criteria Criteria for Rating Non-Financial Corporates (pub. 27 Sep 2016) https://www.fitchratings.com/site/re/885629 Additional Disclosures Dodd-Frank Rating Information Disclosure Form https://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/press_releases/content/ridf_frame.cfm?pr_id=1013332 Solicitation Status https://www.fitchratings.com/gws/en/disclosure/solicitation?pr_id=1013332 Endorsement Policy https://www.fitchratings.com/regulatory ALL FITCH CREDIT RATINGS ARE SUBJECT TO CERTAIN LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMERS. PLEASE READ THESE LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMERS BY FOLLOWING THIS LINK: HTTPS://WWW.FITCHRATINGS.COM/UNDERSTANDINGCREDITRATINGS. IN ADDITION, RATING DEFINITIONS AND THE TERMS OF USE OF SUCH RATINGS ARE AVAILABLE ON THE AGENCY'S PUBLIC WEB SITE AT WWW.FITCHRATINGS.COM. PUBLISHED RATINGS, CRITERIA, AND METHODOLOGIES ARE AVAILABLE FROM THIS SITE AT ALL TIMES. FITCH'S CODE OF CONDUCT, CONFIDENTIALITY, CONFLICTS OF INTEREST, AFFILIATE FIREWALL, COMPLIANCE, AND OTHER RELEVANT POLICIES AND PROCEDURES ARE ALSO AVAILABLE FROM THE CODE OF CONDUCT SECTION OF THIS SITE. FITCH MAY HAVE PROVIDED ANOTHER PERMISSIBLE SERVICE TO THE RATED ENTITY OR ITS RELATED THIRD PARTIES. DETAILS OF THIS SERVICE FOR RATINGS FOR WHICH THE LEAD ANALYST IS BASED IN AN EU-REGISTERED ENTITY CAN BE FOUND ON THE ENTITY SUMMARY PAGE FOR THIS ISSUER ON THE FITCH WEBSITE. Copyright © 2016 by Fitch Ratings, Inc., Fitch Ratings Ltd. and its subsidiaries. 33 Whitehall Street, NY, NY 10004. Telephone: 1-800-753-4824, (212) 908-0500. Fax: (212) 480-4435. Reproduction or retransmission in whole or in part is prohibited except by permission. All rights reserved. In issuing and maintaining its ratings and in making other reports (including forecast information), Fitch relies on factual information it receives from issuers and underwriters and from other sources Fitch believes to be credible. Fitch conducts a reasonable investigation of the factual information relied upon by it in accordance with its ratings methodology, and obtains reasonable verification of that information from independent sources, to the extent such sources are available for a given security or in a given jurisdiction. The manner of Fitch's factual investigation and the scope of the third-party verification it obtains will vary depending on the nature of the rated security and its issuer, the requirements and practices in the jurisdiction in which the rated security is offered and sold and/or the issuer is located, the availability and nature of relevant public information, access to the management of the issuer and its advisers, the availability of pre-existing third-party verifications such as audit reports, agreed-upon procedures letters, appraisals, actuarial reports, engineering reports, legal opinions and other reports provided by third parties, the availability of independent and competent third- party verification sources with respect to the particular security or in the particular jurisdiction of the issuer, and a variety of other factors. Users of Fitch's ratings and reports should understand that neither an enhanced factual investigation nor any third-party verification can ensure that all of the information Fitch relies on in connection with a rating or a report will be accurate and complete. Ultimately, the issuer and its advisers are responsible for the accuracy of the information they provide to Fitch and to the market in offering documents and other reports. In issuing its ratings and its reports, Fitch must rely on the work of experts, including independent auditors with respect to financial statements and attorneys with respect to legal and tax matters. Further, ratings and forecasts of financial and other information are inherently forward-looking and embody assumptions and predictions about future events that by their nature cannot be verified as facts. As a result, despite any verification of current facts, ratings and forecasts can be affected by future events or conditions that were not anticipated at the time a rating or forecast was issued or affirmed. The information in this report is provided "as is" without any representation or warranty of any kind, and Fitch does not represent or warrant that the report or any of its contents will meet any of the requirements of a recipient of the report. A Fitch rating is an opinion as to the creditworthiness of a security. This opinion and reports made by Fitch are based on established criteria and methodologies that Fitch is continuously evaluating and updating. Therefore, ratings and reports are the collective work product of Fitch and no individual, or group of individuals, is solely responsible for a rating or a report. The rating does not address the risk of loss due to risks other than credit risk, unless such risk is specifically mentioned. Fitch is not engaged in the offer or sale of any security. All Fitch reports have shared authorship. Individuals identified in a Fitch report were involved in, but are not solely responsible for, the opinions stated therein. The individuals are named for contact purposes only. A report providing a Fitch rating is neither a prospectus nor a substitute for the information assembled, verified and presented to investors by the issuer and its agents in connection with the sale of the securities. Ratings may be changed or withdrawn at any time for any reason in the sole discretion of Fitch. Fitch does not provide investment advice of any sort. Ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell, or hold any security. Ratings do not comment on the adequacy of market price, the suitability of any security for a particular investor, or the tax-exempt nature or taxability of payments made in respect to any security. Fitch receives fees from issuers, insurers, guarantors, other obligors, and underwriters for rating securities. Such fees generally vary from US$1,000 to US$750,000 (or the applicable currency equivalent) per issue. In certain cases, Fitch will rate all or a number of issues issued by a particular issuer, or insured or guaranteed by a particular insurer or guarantor, for a single annual fee. Such fees are expected to vary from US$10,000 to US$1,500,000 (or the applicable currency equivalent). The assignment, publication, or dissemination of a rating by Fitch shall not constitute a consent by Fitch to use its name as an expert in connection with any registration statement filed under the United States securities laws, the Financial Services and Markets Act of 2000 of the United Kingdom, or the securities laws of any particular jurisdiction. Due to the relative efficiency of electronic publishing and distribution, Fitch research may be available to electronic subscribers up to three days earlier than to print subscribers. For Australia, New Zealand, Taiwan and South Korea only: Fitch Australia Pty Ltd holds an Australian financial services license (AFS license no. 337123) which authorizes it to provide credit ratings to wholesale clients only. Credit ratings information published by Fitch is not intended to be used by persons who are retail clients within the meaning of the Corporations Act 2001 View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161018006786/en/ SOURCE: Fitch Ratings Fitch Ratings Primary Analyst Jason Pompeii, +1 312-368-3210 Senior Director 70 W Madison St Chicago IL 50502 or Secondary Analyst David Peterson, +1 312-368-3177 Senior Director or Committee Chairperson Sharon Bonelli, +1 212-908-0581 Senior Director or Media Relations, New York Elizabeth Fogerty, +1 212-908-0526 elizabeth.fogerty@fitchratings.com Copyright Business Wire 2016 MarketWatch Partner Center Politics & Property Presidents’ weekend homes away from the White House View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Sponsored Content Alternatives in an uncertain world View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews


Enterprise BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Facebook's project to take on Cisco inspires such 'cultlike' devotion, it once caused a whole team to quit Apple Julie Bort Oct. 18, 2016, 5:29 PM 73,209 facebook linkedin twitter email print Stephen Lam/Reuters On Tuesday, Facebook made an announcement that should set Cisco's teeth on edge. Its second-generation computer network switch, called the Wedge 100, is now available for purchase though Chinese contract manufacturer Edgecore (owned by Accton Technology). That's the same company that manufacturers the Facebook-designed switch for Facebook's own internal use. This is a superfast 100G switch, and could be something that many other big companies — and certainly other internet companies — will want to buy. While Facebook isn't a direct competitor to Cisco — it's giving away the switch design for free, not making money on it — it is doing something perhaps even more astounding: It has created an entire ecosystem of companies that are, collectively, taking on Cisco, which owns 59% of the market, according to IDC. This is all part of Facebook's Open Compute Project, or OCP — arguably one of Facebook's most important technology projects. The new Facebook 100 network switch. Facebook Joining the 'cult' "OCP has a cultlike following," one person with knowledge of the situation told Business Insider. "The whole industry, internet companies, vendors, and enterprises are monitoring OCP." OCP aims to do for computer hardware what the Linux operating system did for software: make it open-source so anyone can take the designs for free and modify them, with contract manufacturers standing by to build them. OCP allows the world's best hardware engineers to collaborate and work openly together "without fear of transferring" their company's secrets, this person said. In its six years, OCP has grown into a global entity, with board members from Facebook, Goldman Sachs, Intel, and Microsoft. Famed network engineer Andy Bechtolsheim is also on the board. (Bechtolsheim is a cofounder of Cisco's arch enemy, Arista Networks. He famously seed-funded Google with Arista's other founder, David Cheriton.) OCP conferences draw in tens of thousands of people. In fact, there's a well-known story among OCP insiders that demonstrates this phenomenon. It involves Apple's networking team. Jason Forrester, founder and CEO of SnapRoute. SnapRoute This team was responsible for building a network at Apple that was so reliable it would never go down. Not rarely — never. Think about it: When was the last time iTunes or Siri or Apple Maps was offline? Building a 100% reliable network to meet Apple's exacting standards was no easy task. Instead of going it alone under Apple's legendary secrecy, the Apple networking team wanted to participate in the OCP revolution, contributing and receiving help. But when the Apple team asked to join OCP, Apple said no. "The whole team quit the same week," this person told us. Shortly afterward, Apple publicly joined OCP. But that was too late for the engineers who quit. Instead, they founded a startup called SnapRoute, led by Jason Forrester, the former team leader. While Forrester declined to talk to us for this article, SnapRoute's website hints at the story. "Slowly, our desire to share our ideas with the world began to overshadow the thrill and pride of working for Apple. My team and I left in 2015," he wrote. "Truth be told, I spent a few days crying on the couch. My mood only improved when we began to test our ideas with potential customers." While Facebook also gives away the software it designed to run its new switch as an open-source project, a whole list of startups and a few established players are standing by to sell commercial software that works with and improves upon the Facebook switch. That's the whole point of doing this open-source. For the Wedge 100, the list includes Big Switch Networks, Linux maker Ubuntu, and Apstra, the new startup from Cheriton, a billionaire Stanford professor. (Cheriton left Arista in 2014 and sued it over some disputed technology, though he is still a major shareholder.) And the list includes that tiny startup, SnapRoute. Word is that SnapRoute already has an impressive roster of customers, although it's not alone in attacking this software-defined networking market. Hewlett Packard Enterprise and Arista, both OCP members, have partnered on it. And Microsoft, an OCP board member, is working on something called Azure Stack. Meanwhile, Facebook will soon be upping its assault on Cisco by releasing an even faster piece of optical networking equipment currently in development, Jason Taylor, Facebook's vice president of infrastructure, told Business Insider last year. Who knows what kinds of startups — or rebellions — that piece of equipment will inspire? Apple could not be reached for comment. SEE ALSO: How Facebook is eating the $140 billion hardware market NOW WATCH: Scientists have discovered why American honey bees are turning into zombies Loading video... More: Open Compute Project facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Facebook's project to take on Cisco inspires such 'cultlike' devotion, it once caused a whole team to quit Apple Facebook's project to take on Cisco inspires such 'cultlike' devotion, it once caused a whole team to quit Apple On Tuesday, Facebook made an announcement that... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Enterprise Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Enterprise Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Intel Beats On Earnings, Shares Fall 4% Brett Hershman , Benzinga Staff Writer     {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} October 18, 2016 4:48pm   Comments Share: Related INTC 3 Stocks To Own Under President Trump Big Tech Is Leading The Stock Market Higher Today George Soros Buys Oil, Emerging Markets and 'Old Tech' in 'rd Quarter (GuruFocus) Shares of Intel Corporation (NASDAQ: INTC) are plummeting after hours after reporting disappointing third quarter results. The semiconductor manufacturer dropped nearly 4 percent after the bell despite delivering earnings beat of $0.80 per share vs. the consensus $0.72 estimate. Revenue came in at $15.8 billion, representing a 9 percent year-over-year increase. Intel saw record revenues in its Data Center Group and Internet of Things Segment. Key Business Segment Revenues Client Computing Group- $8.9 billion - up 21 percent sequentially, five percent year-over-year Data Center Group-$4.5 billion – up 13 percent sequentially, 10 percent year-over-year Internet of Things-$689 billion – up 20 percent sequentially, 19 percent year-over-year "It was an outstanding quarter, and we set a number of new records across the business," said CEO Brian Krzanich. Intel is up about 9.6 percent year-to-date. The stock trade down about 4 percent to $36.23 in the after-hours session. Posted-In: Earnings News After-Hours Center Movers Best of Benzinga © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (INTC) 3 Stocks To Own Under President Trump Big Tech Is Leading The Stock Market Higher Today Wall Street's M&A Chatter From Thursday, November 3 Benzinga's M&A Chatter for Tuesday November 1, 2016 Apple's New MacBook Specs Take On Top Competitors Tech Earnings Reflect Conscious Attempts At Circumventing Headwinds View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on INTC Trending Recent 1 SAEX, DRYS: DryShips Squeeze Continues, Other Stocks Could Be Following Suit 2 AYA, BDC: 18 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 3 DRYS: Several Things To Consider Amid DryShips' Massive 800... 4 DUST, JNUG: Where Is Gold Headed When Interest Rates Start R... 5 XLK, TRUE: From A(mazon) To Z(ynga): Loop Capital... 6 GLBS, DRYS: Iceberg Ahead? The Massive Ra... 7 ESEA, PQ: 20 Stocks Moving In T... 1 UPS, ANF: Watch These 3 Huge Put Purchases In Wednesday Trade 2 NKE, QCOM: Watch These 7 Huge Call Purchases In Wednesday Trade 3 PIN, INDL: Indian Markets Open Higher; Sensex Up 150 Points 4 GXC, FXI: China Stock Markets Trade Mixed 5 EWJ, EPP: Japanese Markets Gain; Nikkei Up 200 Points 6 JPM, XLF: Kevin Kelly's JPMorgan Op... 7 EUFS, EURL: An Adventurous Idea... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Yahoo Shares Tick Higher On Strong Results Kevin Kelly's Allergan Trade
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals We Rely On Your Support: As the lead author of this site, I haven't even had a day off of work in over three years due to my commitment to enriching the Linux hardware experience and the financial struggles of running such an operation single-handedly. If you want to keep blocking ads, please at least consider joining the Phoronix Premium site to help ensure that this site can continue. Thank you. Ubuntu 16.10 Desktop Gaming Benchmarks: Unity, GNOME, Xfce, LXDE, KDE, Openbox, MATE Written by Michael Larabel in Operating Systems on 17 October 2016. Page 1 of 4. 44 Comments As usual when there's a new Ubuntu Linux, the requests come in for running OpenGL graphics/game benchmarks under the different desktop options. For some Ubuntu 16.10 on Intel Mesa graphics tests are results for GNOME Shell, Xfce, LXDE, KDE Plasma, Openbox, MATE, and Unity running atop X.Org. With a Core i5 6600K system sporting HD Graphics 530 I ran some Ubuntu 16.10 x86_64 desktop benchmarks for those wanting to see some out-of-the-box GNOME vs. Xfce vs. LXDE vs. KDE vs. Openbox vs. MATE vs. Unity numbers. X.Org Server 1.19.4, Mesa 12.0.3, xf86-video-modesetting, and the Linux 4.8 kernel was at play the entire time. Each desktop was tested out-of-the-box as shipped by Ubuntu Yakkety. All of the graphics/gaming benchmarks were run in a fully-automated manner using the open-source Phoronix Test Suite benchmarking software. Tweet Page 1 - IntroductionPage 2 - Ubuntu Desktop BenchmarksPage 3 - Ubuntu Desktop BenchmarksPage 4 - Ubuntu Desktop Benchmarks Page: 1234Next Page 44 Comments Related Articles Clear Linux Continues To Maintain Slight Graphics Lead Over Ubuntu 16.10 FreeBSD 11.0 Comes Up Short In Ubuntu 16.04 vs. macOS Sierra Benchmarks macOS 10.12 Sierra vs. Ubuntu 16.04 Linux Benchmarking TrueOS vs. DragonFlyBSD vs. GhostBSD vs. FreeBSD vs. PacBSD Benchmarks Trying Out Eight BSDs On A Modern PC: Some Are Smooth, Others Troublesome Trending Linux News Project Darling Is Still Trying To Run macOS/OSX Software On Linux GNOME 3.22.2 Released LLVM Clang Lands -Og Optimization Level The Current RadeonSI Benefits Of Switching To Mesa 13.1-dev Git On Ubuntu 16.10 Mesa 13.0.1 Released Latest Linux News GCC Compiler Finishes Nuking Java Support (GCJ) A Walkthrough Of Enlightenment's New Launcher "Luncher" Unity 8 & All Snaps-Based Ubuntu Still Expected For 18.04 LTS X.Org Server 1.19 Officially Released With A Year's Worth Of Improvements Unreal Engine 4.14 Ships With Better Vulkan Support KDE Frameworks 5.28 Brings Many KWayland Improvements, Relative Pointer Protocol Cryptsetup Vulnerability Allows Easily Getting To A Root Shell Intel SDK OpenCL 2016 R3 Brings OpenCL 2.1 & SPIR-V To Linux Raspberry Pi's Desktop Likely Switching To Compton For Better Performance A Very Basic Ubuntu Online Developer Summit Is Happening Now Latest Featured Articles AMDGPU+RadeonSI With Deus Ex: Mankind Divided, One Week Later Intel Kaby Lake HD Graphics 620 OpenGL/Vulkan Performance On Linux Intel Kaby Lake Linux Testing With MSI's Cubi 2 Mini PC Fresh OpenCL + CUDA 8.0 Benchmarks On Kepler/Maxwell/Pascal With NVIDIA 375.10 On Ubuntu Linux 13-Way NVIDIA GeForce + CUDA 8.0 + cuDNN Caffe Benchmarks Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip or Bitcoin. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2016 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.

Recent Posts Amir reiterates commitment to combat climate change Barred candidate claims election could be delayed 8-hour ban on travelers return overruled Number of Indian nationals in Kuwait reaches 921,666 Egyptians’ remittances Recent Comments Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 Categories Africa Aisha Al Zabin America Asia Basketball Business Cartoon Conspiracy Theory Cricket Crime E-Paper Editor's Desk Elections 2016 Europe Fashion Football Haider Al Mosawi Hassan Al Mosawi Health Hello 965 Kuwait Legal Clinic Lifestyle Middle East Movies & Music Nathalie Basma NBA Noora S AlAskar Opinion Other News Other Sports Others Politics Real Fouz Rio 2016 Sports Subcontinent Technology Tennis Top Stories World Yalda Golsharifi Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Home Kuwait Elections 2016 Crime Other News Politics World Middle East Subcontinent Asia Africa America Europe Opinion Conspiracy Theory Editor’s Desk Others Business Haider Al Mosawi Sports Football Cricket NBA Tennis Other Sports Legalese Lifestyle Movies & Music Fashion Real Fouz Aisha Al Zabin Nathalie Basma Yalda Golsharifi Hassan Al Mosawi Hello 965 Technology E-Paper About Us Contact Us Rate Card Job Vacancies Industry leaders discuss impact of ICT innovation – Huawei Middle East Innovation Day Huawei Middle East Innovation Day KUWAIT: Huawei 1st Innovation Day in the Middle East, a conference organized on the sidelines of GITEX 2016, saw participation of key decision makers from the local, regional and international ICT and enterprise organizations who came together to discuss how ICT is shaping the future of the region. Under the theme “Leading New ICT – Shape the Future”, industry leaders discussed the role of ICT innovation in driving the digital transformation agenda, supporting the development of key sectors and contributing to the achievement of national initiatives and visions across the region. The event kicked off with a welcome address by David Harmon, Vice-President of Global Public Affairs at Huawei, in which he praised GCC governments for setting a clear priority to encourage an entrepreneurial society that helps drive GDP growth, job prosperity and innovative services that solve everyday problems for their citizens. The event included a panel discussion titled ‘Leading New ICT – Shape the Future’, led by Roland Sladek, Vice President of International Media Affairs at Huawei, and included a number of leaders from across the spectrum of the ICT industry, from government entities, operators, channels, partners and academia. Innovation Day panelists included visionaries and global thought leaders including Ferhad Patel, director of the Reseller Channel Organization for Asia Pacific and Japan at Intel Corporation; Marwan Abdulla Bin Dalmook, Senior Vice President, Managed Services Operations of Smart City and Smart Government Initiative Lead at du; Fahem Al Nuaimi, CEO, Ankabut; Eric Woods, Research director at Navigant Research; Dr Anas Najdawi, Chair of e-Business program, Canadian University of Dubai; Safder Nazir, Regional VP, Smart Cities at Huawei; and Xiao Peng, CEO of Pegasus. Huawei ME Innovation Day also saw the launch of Huawei’s Smart City Index, which was developed in collaboration with Navigant Research and provided an assessment on the state of smart readiness across Gulf States. The study looked at ICT infrastructure in major cities and evaluated their readiness for the next level of smart city adoption. “Innovation has played a key role in Huawei’s success and expansion over the last 30 years. The company has invested around $30 billion just in the last ten years on research and development, and has launched 16 R&D centers worldwide along with 36 joint innovation centers,” said Charles Yang, President of Huawei Middle East. “Innovation is a fundamental element in today’s intelligent revolution and a key enabler for ICT development. Innovation Day is a reflection of Huawei’s deep commitment to collaborate closely with all players from across the industry and to build an ecosystem that brings closer to a better connected world.” Spacelee, VP of Public Relations at Huawei Middle East, delivered a speech on the increasing focus by regional governments in developing smart city initiatives and demonstrated how intelligent innovation is changing industries, skillsets and traditional ways of doing things. Governments are looking to ICT innovation to create more efficient services, provide convenience and ultimately ensure the safety and happiness of their people. Share This article was published on 18/10/2016 Most Read Railway project offered for bidding next year CBK re-issues first Kuwaiti coin ‘baiza’ New Saudi rules, fees for helpers, vehicles, cattle Number of Indian nationals in Kuwait reaches 921,666 Egyptian duo held on visa forgery charges India banned cash without homework: Congress leader Dashti out of election race after final court ruling 8-hour ban on travelers return overruled Illegal Sponsorship & Absconding Court bars royal candidate, reinstates ex-MP Hashem Business Cartoon E-Paper Health Kuwait Legal Clinic Lifestyle Opinion Sports Technology Top Stories World About Us Contact Us Rate card 2016 RSS © 2016, ↑ Kuwait Times
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out09:57 GMT +316 November 2016 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear Red Line The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Unanimous Dissent World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search Released: Guantánamo’s Most Famous Prisoner, Held for 14 Years Without Charge © AP Photo/ Handout US 21:37 18.10.2016(updated 03:02 19.10.2016) Get short URL 101359160 Guantánamo’s most famous prisoner, Mohamedou Slahi, has been released after spending more than 14 years in the notorious detention center. Slahi, author of the 2015 bestselling book “Guantánamo Diary,” was returned to his native Mauritania on October 17. "I feel grateful and indebted to the people who have stood by me," Slahi said on the day of his release, in a statement from the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU), which represented him. "I have come to learn that goodness is transnational, transcultural, and trans-ethnic. I'm thrilled to reunite with my family." Slahi, 45, was detained in Mauritania at the behest of the United States in 2001, and transferred to Guantánamo Bay in 2002. He had fought with al-Qaeda in Afghanistan in the early 1990s when the group was part of the anti-communist forces supported by the US government. He subsequently broke ties with the group, left Afghanistan, and worked for several years as an engineer in Germany, returning to Mauritania in 2001, according to the ACLU. © AP Photo/ Top MI5 Lawyer to Be Grilled Over Torture, Rendition Intel at Guantanamo Inquiry During the period covering the over-14 years of his detention, Slahi was never charged with any crime. He was accused of helping recruit terrorists for the 9/11 attacks and of plotting an attack on the Los Angeles airport, allegations for which his lawyers say there is scant evidence. Indeed, a federal judge ruled in 2010 that "there was no basis for the government’s contention that Mr. Slahi was part of al-Qaeda and thus ruled that he could not be detained indefinitely," an ACLU statement in 2015 explained. Slahi was finally cleared for release in July. In his New York Times bestselling book "Guantánamo Diary," Slahi describes his experience in the American rendition and torture program, including a "world tour" of international torture dens. He detailed the sleep deprivation, sexual humiliation and threats to his family that he suffered, as well as various "interrogation techniques," including beatings, immersion in ice and being forced to drink salt water. He also depicts the relationships that developed while he was imprisoned, particularly with his guards, and acknowledges their humanity as well as that of his fellow detainees. © AFP 2016/ JIM WATSON One Prison at Guantanamo Closes, Detainees Remain "We are overjoyed for Mohamedou and his family, and his release brings the US one man closer to ending the travesty that is Guantánamo," Hina Shamsi, one of Slahi's attorneys and director of the ACLU’s National Security Project, said in the ACLU statement on his release. "Dozens of other men still remain trapped in Guantánamo. With time running out, President Obama must double down and not just close the prison, but end the unlawful practice of indefinite detention that it represents." Slahi plans to continue writing and perhaps open a small business using the computer skills he learned in prison, according to a report by The Intercept on his release. Sixty prisoners remain at Guantánamo Bay.  ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon 160 Related: Obama to Veto Congressional Bill Prohibiting Gitmo Detainee Transfers Obama Says ‘Not Ready to Concede’ Gitmo to Remain Open After Leaves Office What Happens in Gitmo Stays in Gitmo: How CIA Buries its Dirty Secrets Tags: Guantanamo Bay detention center, Guantanamo Diary, al-Qaeda, Guantanamo prison, American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU), ACLU, Mohamedou Ould Slahi, Mohamedou Slahi, Guantanamo, Guantanamo Bay, United States TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Reply Hermes 22:16 18.10.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete I think they will charge him something. You just don't get 14 years of B&B on the sunny coast of Cuba for free. Reply drblack 22:22 18.10.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete Hey Mohamedou Slahi, Lighten up and watch some George Carlin :) www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hy-sVByUHqE Reply peaceactivist2 22:48 18.10.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete I bet, endured such hellbanded punishment without charge would likely turned this man into a super radical if he has the chance Reply bubeefication 22:52 18.10.2016 | 2 | Edit | Delete 9/11 terrorists = Mossad. Reply whatever 23:34 18.10.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete it is the crack head country. Reply Ibrahim Ahmad 01:15 19.10.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete What a west I mean waste of time :D To me, I don’t know about his charges and what for. We should read his legal case before. But basically, it explains the way that USA deals in this world. 14 years as a prisoner in Guantanamo for nothing it has to be 14 years later as a prisoner in Guantanamo for something *_^Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Top stories A 'Very Delicate Issue': EU 'Has to Choose' Between NATO and Its Own Army With US President-elect Donald Trump due in the White House in a few months, the EU now has to make a choice between NATO and its own military, Peter van Haman, expert on European security and transatlantic relations, told Sputnik. 170 Japan Gives Go-Ahead to Another Nuclear Reactor to Serve Beyond 40 Years Limit Japan's Nuclear Regulation Authority approved another reactor to remain operational for longer than the 40 years maximum, introduced after the 2011 Fukushima disaster, media reported Wednesday. 0 170 'Time Has Come': Russia, Mexico Could Jointly Create Light Helicopter Russia's deputy minister of industry and trade said time had come to launch a joint project with Mexico on the development of a light chopper. 1278 Kabul Explosion Leaves Four Dead, 11 Wounded A suicide blast in Kabul left four people dead, 11 injured. 0 131 Up to Eight Officials Could Be Implicated in Ex-Russian Minister Bribery Case The case of former Russian Economic Development Minister Alexei Ulyukayev, charged with bribery and extortion, could involve up to eight people more. 0 12 Trump Neocon Advisors Might Thwart US-Russian Cooperation in Syria Neoconservatives in US president-elect Donald Trump’s inner circle could undermine cooperation with Russia because they want to redouble efforts to topple Syrian President Bashar Assad, former White House National Security Council advisor Gwenyth Todd told Sputnik. 91551 News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 09:52Up to Eight Officials Could Be Implicated in Ex-Russian Minister Bribery Case 09:48A 'Very Delicate Issue': EU 'Has to Choose' Between NATO and Its Own Army 09:31Beijing Hopes Trump to Follow 'One China' Policy Regarding Taiwan 09:06'Time Has Come': Russia, Mexico Could Jointly Create Light Helicopter 08:41China Prosecutes 2,500 People Over Negligence in Environment Protection IssuesAll news Russian MIG-29 Crashes in Med After Takeoff From Aircraft Carrier 19577 Vladimir Putin Holds Phone Talks With US President-Elect Donald Trump 9776 Russian Admiral Grigorovich Frigate Targets Terrorists in Syria With Missiles 8945 Russia's Admiral Kuznetsov Aircraft Carrier Begins Combat Operations in Syria 8456 Russian Naval Group in Syria Protected by S-300, Bastion, Pantsir Systems 7642All news Clinton Blames FBI Director for Loss 51 Vladimir Putin Holds Phone Talks With US President-Elect Donald Trump 47 Obama Expected to Demand Greece Close its Ports to Russian Warships 41 Russian MIG-29 Crashes in Med After Takeoff From Aircraft Carrier 38 Mass Student Walk-Outs Across US Protest Trump Election Win 31All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Ivanka Trump, the President-Elect's Right-Hand (Wo)man Trump's New Administration US Citizens Believe Electoral System Needs to be Changed News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Mobile Version Terms of Use Contact Us © 2016 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
Environmental Leader Columns News Videos Jobs Research Webinars Conference 2017   Popular ENERGY EFFICIENCY EMISSIONS CARBON FINANCE FACILITIES SUPPLY CHAIN SUSTAINABILITY WATER SMART GRID More Topics »Close » Sustainable Strategies & Leadership Contracts & Installations Green Fleets & Transportation Funding & Incentives Sustainability Reports Government Environmental Design Hi-Tech Pollution Climate Ecolabels & Certifications Waste & Recycling Carbon Finance & Offsets Construction & Refitting Green Marketing Sustainable Manufacturing Green Research Energy Efficient Lighting Solar Energy Environmental Policy & Law Products & Planning Finance & Reporting Sustainable Packaging & Paper Conventional Energy Baseline Clean Energy Green Workplace Efficiency Environmental Conservation Utilities ALL TOPICS   Home » Clean Energy » And the Green Power Leadership Award Goes To… October 18, 2016 And the Green Power Leadership Award Goes To…By: Jessica Lyons Hardcastle Related Stories Intel, Apple, Kohl’s Win EPA Green Power Leadership Awards Largest US Companies Pledge $140bn to Cut Carbon Footprint CDP Ranks Top S&P 500 Climate Performers Climate Leadership Awards Given Airplane Emissions Rules Ready for Takeoff Related Topics Clean Energy Environmental Awards Solar Energy Sustainable Strategy & Leadership Wind Energy Intel, SC Johnson, Cisco Systems and Apple are among the leading renewable energy users in the US, according to the EPA, which recognized these and a dozen other companies with Green Power Leadership Awards. The agency says the winners in each of the five categories are furthering the business case for clean energy use. “Green power is becoming more affordable and mainstream because of leaders like the Green Power Leadership Award winners,” said Janet McCabe, acting assistant administrator for EPA’s Office of Air and Radiation, in a statement. The Excellence in Green Power Use Award winners are: Biogen, which procured all of its US electricity from renewable sources in 2015 and the previous year achieved carbon neutrality across its entire value chain. BNY Mellon met all of its annual electricity demand with green power in 2015 and became carbon neutral for its emissions that year. Forest County Potawatomi Community used 100 percent renewable energy in 2015 and installed a portfolio of solar photovoltaic systems at 15 tribal facilities. Goldman Sachs used green power for 100 percent of its US operations and achieved carbon neutrality in 2015 for its emissions. Government of the District of Columbia finalized a 20-year power purchase agreement (PPA) to provide renewable electricity from a wind farm in Pennsylvania and executed two solar PPAs on 50 district government sites. Intel purchased 100 percent green power for its domestic operations and installed more than 60 on-site renewable energy projects to directly supply facility power needs. SC Johnson procured 44 percent of its US electricity from renewable sources and owns and operates its own landfill gas system and wind turbines, which generated 16 and 7.6 million kilowatt-hours of electricity, respectively, in 2015. The Green Power Partner of the Year Award winners are: Cisco Systems more than doubled its green power use in 2015, representing 97 percent of its total US consumption and encouraged its vendors, business partners, and supply chain to reduce emissions. Jackson Family Wines purchased 100 percent green power for the company’s annual electricity use and increased green power use to 35 percent for winemaking operations by installing on-site solar across nine wineries. University at Buffalo (UB), the State University of New York procured more than 212 million kilowatt-hours of wind-sourced renewable energy, making it one of the largest purchasers of green power of any New York State agency and the largest college and university purchaser in the nation. UB also has on-site solar installations on its campus. The Sustained Excellence in Green Power Award winners are: Apple used 100 percent renewable energy for its entire US operations and is the second largest user of on-site renewables in EPA’s Green Power Partnership. Apple’s renewable energy generation projects include solar PV in North Carolina, Nevada and Arizona, micro-hydro facilities in Oregon, and industry-leading partnerships with utilities and providers of grid-purchased green power. Kohl’s Department Stores procured 1.4 billion kilowatt-hours of green power in 2015 through more than 60 long-term solar PPAs, Kohl’s-owned solar systems that generate green power on-site, and by purchasing renewable energy certificates. Kohl’s also installed three new solar trees at its Innovation Center and achieved net-zero emissions for its Scope 2 electricity use through 2015. The Direct Project Engagement Award winners are: General Motors / GM Orion Assembly Plant generated more than half of the facility’s total electricity usage from its on-site landfill gas system. Gas that would have been flared at a nearby landfill is now redirected and piped to the facility to create electricity for building vehicles, notably the Chevrolet Bolt EV. Google signed 15 long-term PPAs with wind and solar projects totaling more than 2,000 megawatts of installed capacity, making Google one of the largest non-utility purchasers of renewable energy in the country, as of December 2015. Google also pilots renewable energy technologies on its campuses. HARBEC integrated on-site wind generation with a combined heat and power plant into a microgrid that uses renewable energy; the company’s two wind turbines provide approximately 60 percent of the company’s electrical power. In addition to using large amounts of renewable energy, many of these companies have also been vocal supporters of policy that encourages clean power. Apple and Google were among the companies that filed briefs in support of the Clean Power Plan. And Intel was one of the major firms to call for a strong climate deal in advance of the COP21 Paris climate talks in December. Intel, Apple, Kohl’s Win EPA Green Power Leadership Awards Largest US Companies Pledge $140bn to Cut Carbon Footprint CDP Ranks Top S&P 500 Climate Performers Climate Leadership Awards Given Airplane Emissions Rules Ready for Takeoff Reader Comments There are no comments for this story.   Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Energy Manager News Digging Deep to Cure HVAC Inefficiency Technavio: Global Data Center Liquid Cooling Market Growing GE Shreveport Plant Finishes First Stage of Retrofit Entergy Arkansas Reaches Rate Settlement EMEX Named TEPA Aggregator/Broker/Consultant of the Year Switching to LEDs Without Leaving the Past Behind McKinstry Replacing 6,200 Lights with LEDs in Henderson, NV USDA Investing More than $300M in Efficiency, Renewables NEWSLETTER SIGNUP Join 100,000+ subscribers who gain a competitive advantage with our news and analysis. Select the newsletters that interest you: Environmental Leader Newsletter (Daily) Recycling & Waste Reduction Report (Weekly) Retail Energy Buyer Newsletter (Weekly) Energy Manager Today Newsletter (Daily) EHS Best Practices Newsletter (Monthly) Latest Best Practice[ see all ] The New EHS Cloud, Is it for Everyone? Companies moving from traditional on-premise, perpetually-licensed EHS software to technology services that are cloud-based, subscription service-based offerings has become a macro trend. When it’s time to look for a new software solution, the temptation is great to use the technical buzz phrases that get tossed around frequently. When that happens, the pros and cons of […] Privacy About Us Send a Story Tip Advertise Subscribe © 2006-2016 Business Sector Media, LLC All rights reserved.  
News Analysis Back A Week in Wireless Interviews Opinion Video 5G World TV Intelligence Back About Intelligence White Papers Industry Survey Reports Magazines Polls Webinars Back Current Webinars Webinar Archive Awards Resource Centre Back View all companies Add your company My Resource Centre Packages About Jobs More Back About Us Get our newsletter Media Information Event Calendar Press Releases Contact Us 4G/LTE 4K/8K Video 5G BSS/OSS Cloud Apps Digital Transformation IoT Network Security NFV SDN Test & Measurement UBB News Analysis Back A Week in Wireless Interviews Opinion Video 5G World TV Intelligence Back About Intelligence White Papers Industry Survey Reports Magazines Polls Webinars Back Current Webinars Webinar Archive Awards Resource Centre Back View all companies Add your company My Resource Centre Packages About Jobs More Back About Us Get our newsletter Media Information Event Calendar Press Releases Contact Us 4G/LTE 4K/8K Video 5G BSS/OSS Cloud Apps Digital Transformation IoT Network Security NFV SDN Test & Measurement UBB Telecoms.com news Smart home tech is not good enough – Intel Written by Jamie Davies 18 October 2016 @ 17:17 IoT is one of the more popular topics in the world of technology, but for the vast majority of the consumer world it isn’t anything more than science fiction. Aside from a couple of smart watches here and there, the odd talking fridge or Nest device, the smart home is a largely untouched market. Which is worrying as this is the most direct touch point to the consumer. For IoT to be real and trusted by the day-to-day consumer, it has to be experienced, something the industry is not very good at currently. But what is holding back the smart home industry? For Intel’s Scott Kovesdy there are five areas; performance, coverage, simplicity, interconnectivity and security. These are consumer pain points. These are the areas which need to be corrected. From a security perspective, making the devices secure is paramount, especially at a time when the headlines are filled with stories of data breaches and leaks. No system will ever be 100% secure, but there does not seem to be the trust in the vendors currently for consumers to allow such technologies into their home and the more intimate areas of their lives. Performance is another area but this is primarily from a broadband perspective. Although the devices do not deliver enough functionality, the broadband requirements to make everything work seamlessly is too high. The performance levels delivered into the home do not match the demands of a fully functioning smart home environment. This is a challenge which will have to be addressed very quickly as the problem will grow exponentially. While most homes currently have around a dozen connected devices, this number will grow very quickly over the next couple of years. Some estimates put the number of connected devices beyond 50 per household in as little as five years. This increase in data will put substantial strain on the network, but the millennials are not solely to blame (this time). Devices which were only devices before will begin to talk and generating data themselves. It’s a very real problem which the industry doesn’t have an answer for currently. According to Kovesdy most homes are in need of their own digital transformation as it would appear the buzzword is not limited to the world of enterprise. Most homes are restricted to a single access point to the big world of broadband, a simple router. For the smart home to be an effective proposition, coverage needs to be 100%, or as close to 100%, throughout the home. With a single access point to connectivity, this is a tall task. Another area which needs to be considered is simplicity. There is a rule which is applicable to every aspect of life, Keep It Simple Stupid (KISS), for anything to succeed. Currently the technology is not simple enough for the general consumer to make it a reality. Not everyone in the world is an IT expert; Keep It Simple Stupid. Finally, for the smart home to be a reality personalization is key. Kovesdy highlighted the virtual personal assistant is the feature which most people could relate when considering the smart home, but a vast amount of information is required for a personal assistant to be effective for a specific individual. Currently there is little standardization between the device manufacturers and software houses to allow for this information to be collated in a single place and actioned. The practise of advanced data analytics, paramount to the success of any IoT activity, is impossible without such standardization. In short, the potential of the smart home is huge. Advances in voice technologies used to activate and engage the smart home have reinvigorated the segment, and the investment behind the technology, are support the realization of the smart home, but there is still a long way to go. A smart home should simplify life for the consumer, providing peace of mind and security, but there are still too many pain points. Although the smart home has the potential to earn billions for the technology world, there is still a substantial amount of work before this is a reality. Tags: BBWF 2016, broadband, connected home, Intel, IOT, performance, security, smart home Mobile Networks / IoT and M2M Smart IoT Internet of Things World Leave a comment Cancel reply Connect with: -or- Log in with your Telecoms.com account Alternatively, post a comment by completing the form below: Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <strike> <strong> Related Content Watch this white space – Nominet gets busy with rural broadband FCC points net neutrality finger at AT&T Deutsche Telekom releases highly efficient quarterly results Vodafone gets a scoot on with Yamaha IoT deal Webinars View all Progress Report: Where are the CSPs with the Digital Service Provider transformation? 15 November 2016 White Papers View all The African Market Outlook 2016 Share 1 day ago Multi-billion dollar market opportunities may be lost unless Next Generation Broadband meets Seven Key Challenges Share 1 day ago Telecoms.com eBook: AI in CEM – the opportunity for telcos Share 6 days ago Events View all Internet of Things World 21-22 November 2016 View Event Japan Internet Week 2016 29 November - 02 December 2016 View Event Carrier Network Virtualization 06-08 December 2016 View Event Polls View all Which cloud provider has impressed you most over the last six months? AWS Microsoft Azure Google Cloud IBM Other  Loading ... Twitter View all @telecoms & @OpenetGlobal webinar tomorrow - 75 use cases to boost your business. Join us - https://t.co/RkS3wLLZvF hhttps://t.co/S5UhoE0UgA 15 November 2016 @ 22:01:43 UTC BBWF 2016 - Peter Brogan, Head of Europe, Global Telecoms & Media at #Wipro https://t.co/S8IQoWwB3f #broadband 15 November 2016 @ 18:37:39 UTC Address: Telecoms.com, 5 Howick Place, London, UK, SW1P 1WG ©Telecoms.com 2016. All rights reserved. Privacy & Cookies About Us Contact Us Advertise with us Connect with us: Websites are now required by law to gain your consent before applying cookies. We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. Parts of the website may not work as expected without them. By closing or ignoring this message, you are consenting to our use of cookies. X
skip to main | skip to sidebar Tuesday, October 18, 2016 Hotfix Your Ubuntu Kernels with the Canonical Livepatch Service! Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest Introducting the Canonical Livepatch Service Howdy! Ubuntu 16.04 LTS’s 4.4 Linux kernel includes an important new security capability in Ubuntu -- the ability to modify the running Linux kernel code, without rebooting, through a mechanism called kernel livepatch. Today, Canonical has publicly launched the Canonical Livepatch Service -- an authenticated, encrypted, signed stream of Linux livepatches that apply to the 64-bit Intel/AMD architecture of the Ubuntu 16.04 LTS (Xenial) Linux 4.4 kernel, addressing the highest and most critical security vulnerabilities, without requiring a reboot in order to take effect.  This is particularly amazing for Container hosts -- Docker, LXD, etc. -- as all of the containers share the same kernel, and thus all instances benefit. I’ve tried to answer below some questions that you might have. As you have others, you’re welcome to add them to the comments below or on Twitter with hastag #Livepatch. Retrieve your token from ubuntu.com/livepatch Q: How do I enable the Canonical Livepatch Service? A: Three easy steps, on a fully up-to-date 64-bit Ubuntu 16.04 LTS system. Go to https://ubuntu.com/livepatch and retrieve your livepatch token Install the canonical-livepatch snap $ sudo snap install canonical-livepatch  Enable the service with your token $ sudo canonical-livepatch enable [TOKEN]  And you’re done! You can check the status at any time using: $ canonical-livepatch status --verbose Q: What are the system requirements? A: The Canonical Livepatch Service is available for the generic and low latency flavors of the 64-bit Intel/AMD (aka, x86_64, amd64) builds of the Ubuntu 16.04 LTS (Xenial) kernel, which is a Linux 4.4 kernel. Canonical livepatches work on Ubuntu 16.04 LTS Servers and Desktops, on physical machines, virtual machines, and in the cloud. The safety, security, and stability firmly depends on unmodified Ubuntu kernels and network access to the Canonical Livepatch Service (https://livepatch.canonical.com:443).  You also will need to apt update/upgrade to the latest version of snapd (at least 2.15). Q: What about other architectures? A: The upstream Linux livepatch functionality is currently limited to the 64-bit x86 architecture, at this time. IBM is working on support for POWER8 and s390x (LinuxOne mainframe), and there’s also active upstream development on ARM64, so we do plan to support these eventually. The livepatch plumbing for 32-bit ARM and 32-bit x86 are not under upstream development at this time. Q: What about other flavors? A: We are providing the Canonical Livepatch Service for the generic and low latency (telco) flavors of the the Linux kernel at this time. Q: What about other releases of Ubuntu? A: The Canonical Livepatch Service is provided for Ubuntu 16.04 LTS’s Linux 4.4 kernel. Older releases of Ubuntu will not work, because they’re missing the Linux kernel support. Interim releases of Ubuntu (e.g. Ubuntu 16.10) are targeted at developers and early adopters, rather than Long Term Support users or systems that require maximum uptime.  We will consider providing livepatches for the HWE kernels in 2017. Q: What about derivatives of Ubuntu? A: Canonical livepatches are fully supported on the 64-bit Ubuntu 16.04 LTS Desktop, Cloud, and Server operating systems. On other Ubuntu derivatives, your mileage may vary! These are not part of our automated continuous integration quality assurance testing framework for Canonical Livepatches. Canonical Livepatch safety, security, and stability will firmly depend on unmodified Ubuntu generic kernels and network access to the Canonical Livepatch Service. Q: How does Canonical test livepatches? A: Every livepatch is rigorously tested in Canonical's in-house CI/CD (Continuous Integration / Continuous Delivery) quality assurance system, which tests hundreds of combinations of livepatches, kernels, hardware, physical machines, and virtual machines.  Once a livepatch passes CI/CD and regression tests, it's rolled out on a canary testing basis, first to a tiny percentage of the Ubuntu Community users of the Canonical Livepatch Service. Based on the success of that microscopic rollout, a moderate rollout follows.  And assuming those also succeed, the livepatch is delivered to all free Ubuntu Community and paid Ubuntu Advantage users of the service.  Systemic failures are automatically detected and raised for inspection by Canonical engineers.  Ubuntu Community users of the Canonical Livepatch Service who want to eliminate the small chance of being randomly chosen as a canary should enroll in the Ubuntu Advantage program (starting at $12/month). Q: What kinds of updates will be provided by the Canonical Livepatch Service? A: The Canonical Livepatch Service is intended to address high and critical severity Linux kernel security vulnerabilities, as identified by Ubuntu Security Notices and the CVE database. Note that there are some limitations to the kernel livepatch technology -- some Linux kernel code paths cannot be safely patched while running. We will do our best to supply Canonical Livepatches for high and critical vulnerabilities in a timely fashion whenever possible. There may be occasions when the traditional kernel upgrade and reboot might still be necessary. We’ll communicate that clearly through the usual mechanisms -- USNs, Landscape, Desktop Notifications, Byobu, /etc/motd, etc. Q: What about non-security bug fixes, stability, performance, or hardware enablement updates? A: Canonical will continue to provide Linux kernel updates addressing bugs, stability issues, performance problems, and hardware compatibility on our usual cadence -- about every 3 weeks. These updates can be easily applied using ‘sudo apt update; sudo apt upgrade -y’, using the Desktop “Software Updates” application, or Landscape systems management. These standard (non-security) updates will still require a reboot, as they always have. Q: Can I rollback a Canonical Livepatch? A: Currently rolling-back/removing an already inserted livepatch module is disabled in Linux 4.4. This is because we need a way to determine if we are currently executing inside a patched function before safely removing it. We can, however, safely apply new livepatches on top of each other and even repatch functions over and over. Q: What about low and medium severity CVEs? A: We’re currently focusing our Canonical Livepatch development and testing resources on high and critical security vulnerabilities, as determined by the Ubuntu Security Team.  We'll livepatch other CVEs opportunistically. Q: Why are Canonical Livepatches provided as a subscription service? A: The Canonical Livepatch Service provides a secure, encrypted, authenticated connection, to ensure that only properly signed livepatch kernel modules -- and most importantly, the right modules -- are delivered directly to your system, with extremely high quality testing wrapped around it. Q: But I don’t want to buy UA support! A: You don’t have to! Canonical is providing the Canonical Livepatch Service to community users of Ubuntu, at no charge for up to 3 machines (desktop, server, virtual machines, or cloud instances). A randomly chosen subset of the free users of Canonical Livepatches will receive their Canonical Livepatches slightly earlier than the rest of the free users or UA users, as a lightweight canary testing mechanism, benefiting all Canonical Livepatch users (free and UA). Once those canary livepatches apply safely, all Canonical Livepatch users will receive their live updates. Q: But I don’t have an Ubuntu SSO account! A: An Ubuntu SSO account is free, and provides services similar to Google, Microsoft, and Apple for Android/Windows/Mac devices, respectively. You can create your Ubuntu SSO account here. Q: But I don’t want login to ubuntu.com! A: You don’t have to! Canonical Livepatch is absolutely not required maintain the security of any Ubuntu desktop or server! You may continue to freely and anonymously ‘sudo apt update; sudo apt upgrade; sudo reboot’ as often as you like, and receive all of the same updates, and simply reboot after kernel updates, as you always have with Ubuntu. Q: But I don't have Internet access to livepatch.canonical.com:443! A: You should think of the Canonical Livepatch Service much like you think of Netflix, Pandora, or Dropbox.  It's an Internet streaming service for security hotfixes for your kernel.  You have access to the stream of bits when you can connect to the service over the Internet.  On the flip side, your machines are already thoroughly secured, since they're so heavily firewalled off from the rest of the world! Q: Where’s the source code? A: The source code of livepatch modules can be found here.  The source code of the canonical-livepatch client is part of Canonical's Landscape system management product and is commercial software. Q: What about Ubuntu Core? A: Canonical Livepatches for Ubuntu Core are on the roadmap, and may be available in late 2016, for 64-bit Intel/AMD architectures. Canonical Livepatches for ARM-based IoT devices depend on upstream support for livepatches. Q: How does this compare to Oracle Ksplice, RHEL Live Patching and SUSE Live Patching? A: While the concepts are largely the same, the technical implementations and the commercial terms are very different: Oracle Ksplice uses it’s own technology which is not in upstream Linux. RHEL and SUSE currently use their own homegrown kpatch/kgraft implementations, respectively. Canonical Livepatching uses the upstream Linux Kernel Live Patching technology. Ksplice is free, but unsupported, for Ubuntu Desktops, and only available for Oracle Linux and RHEL servers with an Oracle Linux Premier Support license ($2299/node/year). It’s a little unclear how to subscribe to RHEL Kernel Live Patching, but it appears that you need to first be a RHEL customer, and then enroll in the SIG (Special Interests Group) through your TAM (Technical Account Manager), which requires Red Hat Enterprise Linux Server Premium Subscription at $1299/node/year.  (I'm happy to be corrected and update this post) SUSE Live Patching is available as an add-on to SUSE Linux Enterprise Server 12 Priority Support subscription at $1,499/node/year, but does come with a free music video. Canonical Livepatching is available for every Ubuntu Advantage customer, starting at our entry level UA Essential for $150/node/year, and available for free to community users of Ubuntu. Q: What happens if I run into problems/bugs with Canonical Livepatches? A: Ubuntu Advantage customers will file a support request at support.canonical.com where it will be serviced according to their UA service level agreement (Essential, Standard, or Advanced). Ubuntu community users will file a bug report on Launchpad and we'll service it on a best effort basis. Q: Why does canonical-livepatch client/server have a proprietary license? A: The canonical-livepatch client is part of the Landscape family of tools available to Canonical support customers. We are enabling free access to the Canonical Livepatch Service for Ubuntu community users as a mark of our appreciation for the broader Ubuntu community, and in exchange for occasional, automatic canary testing. Q: How do I build my own livepatches? A: It’s certainly possible for you to build your own Linux kernel live patches, but it requires considerable skill, time, computing power to produce, and even more effort to comprehensively test. Rest assured that this is the real value of using the Canonical Livepatch Service! That said, Chris Arges has blogged a howto for the curious a while back: http://chrisarges.net/2015/09/21/livepatch-on-ubuntu.html Q: How do I get notifications of which CVEs are livepatched and which are not? A: You can, at any time, query the status of the canonical-livepatch daemon using: ‘canonical-livepatch status --verbose’. This command will show any livepatches successfully applied, any outstanding/unapplied livepatches, and any error conditions. Moreover, you can monitor the Ubuntu Security Notices RSS feed and the ubuntu-security-announce mailing list. Q: Isn't livepatching just a big ole rootkit? A: Canonical Livepatches inject kernel modules to replace sections of binary code in the running kernel. This requires the CAP_SYS_MODULE capability. This is required to modprobe any module into the Linux kernel. If you already have that capability (root does, by default, on Ubuntu), then you already have the ability to arbitrarily modify the kernel, with or without Canonical Livepatches. If you’re an Ubuntu sysadmin and you want to disable module loading (and thereby also disable Canonical Livepatches), simply ‘echo 1 | sudo tee /proc/sys/kernel/modules_disabled’. Keep the uptime! :-Dustin Posted by Dustin Kirkland at 10:00 AM Labels: Canonical, kernel, Linux, livepatch, Ubuntu, Ubuntu-Desktop, Ubuntu-Server Location: Portland, OR, USA Newer Post Older Post Home Subscribe to: Post Comments (Atom) Printfriendly About the Author Dustin Kirkland is responsible for Ubuntu's technical strategy, road map, life cycle, and Canonical's Cloud and IoT commercial offerings, as a senior member of the Product and Strategy team, led by Mark Shuttleworth. Dustin is an active Core Developer of the Ubuntu Linux distribution, maintainer of numerous open source projects, and the creator of Byobu and DivItUp.com. Dustin is the inventor of QWERsive (the technology behind Swype keyboards), and the architect of the Orange Box (10-node portable cloud hardware). Formerly the CTO of Gazzang, a venture funded start-up acquired by Cloudera, Dustin designed and implemented a key management system for cloud applications, called zTrustee, and delivered comprehensive security for cloud and big data platforms with eCryptfs and other encryption technologies. A Fightin' Texas Aggie Class of 2001 graduate, Dustin lives in Austin, Texas, with his wife Kimberly, daughters, and his Australian Shepherds, Aggie and Tiger. Dustin is also an avid home brewer and wine maker. Support Byobu! Buy a t-shirt! Blog Archive ▼  2016 (32) ▼  October (3) Dirty COW was Livepatched in Ubuntu within Hours o... Hotfix Your Ubuntu Kernels with the Canonical Live... A Parody within a Parody ►  September (3) ►  August (1) ►  June (4) ►  May (3) ►  April (9) ►  March (2) ►  February (4) ►  January (3) ►  2015 (19) ►  December (1) ►  November (1) ►  September (2) ►  August (4) ►  July (2) ►  June (2) ►  May (1) ►  April (1) ►  March (1) ►  January (4) ►  2014 (28) ►  December (4) ►  November (3) ►  September (5) ►  August (3) ►  July (2) ►  June (2) ►  May (4) ►  April (2) ►  March (1) ►  February (1) ►  January (1) ►  2013 (29) ►  December (2) ►  November (5) ►  October (5) ►  September (2) ►  August (2) ►  July (2) ►  June (1) ►  April (2) ►  March (1) ►  February (5) ►  January (2) ►  2012 (55) ►  November (5) ►  October (3) ►  September (3) ►  August (5) ►  July (3) ►  June (4) ►  May (5) ►  April (3) ►  March (7) ►  February (7) ►  January (10) ►  2011 (69) ►  December (4) ►  October (4) ►  September (4) ►  August (12) ►  July (7) ►  June (4) ►  May (6) ►  April (8) ►  March (5) ►  February (10) ►  January (5) ►  2010 (105) ►  December (1) ►  November (8) ►  October (13) ►  September (6) ►  August (7) ►  July (8) ►  June (8) ►  May (3) ►  April (15) ►  March (15) ►  February (11) ►  January (10) ►  2009 (86) ►  December (4) ►  November (6) ►  October (8) ►  September (6) ►  August (6) ►  July (13) ►  June (8) ►  May (3) ►  April (8) ►  March (7) ►  February (6) ►  January (11) ►  2008 (41) ►  December (10) ►  November (7) ►  October (10) ►  September (10) ►  August (4) Github Activity Loading... Twitter Tweets by @dustinkirkland StackExchange Solar Output Labels Ubuntu (444) Ubuntu-Server (219) Canonical (209) gazzang (58) Byobu (55) Cloud (47) ecryptfs (45) ubuntu-cloud (40) openstack (25) KVM (24) video (24) Docker (17) Bikeshed (13) LXC (13) LXD (13) juju (12) maas (12) Daemon (11) Ubuntu-Desktop (11) security (11) Linux (9) QEMU (9) snappy (9) Austin (8) Containers (8) Screen-Profiles (8) Solar (8) TLF (8) run-one (8) Green-Computing (7) Intel (7) PowerNap (7) Testdrive (7) aws (7) slides (7) ztrustee (7) EC2 (6) Featured (6) LCA2010 (6) NUC (6) Travel (6) encryption (6) manpages (6) Go (5) UEC (5) Ubuntu-Core (5) arm (5) orangebox (5) orchestra (5) Android (4) CloudFoundry (4) Hacks (4) IoT (4) LTS (4) Landscape (4) PalmPre (4) Pictor (4) Running (4) SxSW (4) Virt (4) bootmail (4) bug-zapping (4) ensemble (4) google (4) ibm (4) linuxfoundation (4) power (4) ssh-import-id (4) Entropy (3) Eucalyptus (3) Hiking (3) LinuxCon (3) ReleaseParty (3) Reviews (3) UDS (3) VMWare (3) Windows (3) aubergine (3) azure (3) dmcrypt (3) dotdee (3) fingerprints (3) font (3) gce (3) gpg (3) hadoop (3) hollywood (3) keep-one-running (3) kernel (3) keymanagement (3) microsoft (3) overlayroot (3) s390x (3) ssh (3) tmux (3) zescrow (3) zfs (3) Audacity (2) Debian (2) Family (2) HOWTO (2) LWN (2) Libvirt (2) Netflix (2) Patents (2) QEMU-KVM (2) Scotland (2) Screen (2) Smplayer (2) Sound (2) Texas (2) Virtualization (2) amazon (2) amt (2) apple (2) apply-patch (2) audio (2) aurora (2) bigdata (2) cloud-init (2) cloudopen (2) conferences (2) coreos (2) edge (2) gazzangbang (2) ge (2) gnupg (2) hockeypuck (2) johnnyfootball (2) launchpad (2) livepatch (2) meetup (2) mencoder (2) mondrian (2) mongodb (2) musica (2) privacy (2) puppet (2) python (2) rant (2) redhat (2) scale (2) slashdot (2) txlf (2) uinstall (2) uquick (2) 10gen (1) AMD (1) Alfresco (1) Approx (1) Asus (1) BSG (1) Banks (1) ChromeOS (1) Classroom (1) Community (1) Conference (1) DevOps (1) Dosbox (1) Fedora (1) Fraud (1) G1 (1) Gorilla (1) Images (1) Java (1) JeOS (1) Joyent (1) LTS4 (1) LinuxOne (1) Lost (1) Membership (1) MythTV (1) Nespresso (1) NewZealand (1) Parable (1) Patriot (1) PetName (1) Phones (1) Pollen (1) RHEL (1) Roomba (1) SSD (1) Siteam (1) StarWars (1) TAMU (1) Tesla (1) Throwback (1) Turnkey (1) Ubuntu-HA (1) Unity (1) WebOS (1) acta (1) acug (1) adapt (1) aggies (1) agile (1) alpine (1) amttool (1) animation (1) appliance (1) art (1) atomic (1) auth (1) avconv (1) baby (1) base64 (1) bazaar (1) bcc (1) bip (1) blindcafe (1) bpf (1) c5 chevrolet corvette forsale (1) cadillac (1) cassandra (1) cdh (1) changelog (1) charm (1) chromium (1) cim (1) cirsc (1) cloc (1) clockwork (1) cloud-live (1) cr-gpg (1) createous (1) cts-v (1) cyanogen (1) dd-wrt (1) dell (1) dennisritchie (1) devices (1) dmr (1) dpkg (1) dropcam (1) easteregg (1) extremeprogramming (1) ffmpeg (1) firstbuild (1) football (1) fossil (1) fridge (1) github (1) hackathon (1) heisman (1) hiring (1) hkp (1) homebrew (1) hpc (1) html5 (1) iphone (1) ipmi (1) it (1) jobs (1) kenburns (1) keyescrow (1) keymon (1) lenovo (1) linaro (1) lisa (1) lunatia (1) lyft (1) lzma (1) maddog (1) maker (1) math (1) mcollective (1) mdadm (1) mobile (1) mozart (1) mpi (1) nest (1) networking (1) nosql (1) oakridge (1) openssl (1) ornl (1) pairprogramming (1) paperless (1) pascal (1) passwords (1) pastebinit (1) pbget (1) pbput (1) php (1) pirate (1) podcast (1) purge-old-kernels (1) pvoutput (1) qwersive (1) random (1) rootsign (1) run-one-constantly (1) run-this-one (1) snl (1) soc (1) sopa (1) sputnik (1) storage (1) swype (1) tbt (1) theft (1) tips (1) tmpfs (1) touch (1) transcode (1) uber (1) ubrewtu (1) ubuntu-allstars (1) ubuntu-sever (1) udw (1) unix (1) update-motd (1) usenix (1) virt-manager (1) vlan (1) wbem (1) wilwheaton (1) wine (1) wsman (1) xps13 (1) yo (1) zncrypt (1)  
null
null
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Pro Analysis Here are the 10 most important stories for investors Tuesday Morning Jake Novak | @jakejakeny Tuesday, 18 Oct 2016 | 8:24 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES A daily morning look at the financial stories you need to know to start the day. STOCKS/ECONOMY -Stock futures point to a positive open. Key earnings are due today from Johnson & Johnson, Yahoo, and Intel. And Goldman Sachs just reported what looks like a big earnings beat. -A new study shows Americans work 25 percent more than Europeans. ELECTION -The NBC/WSJ poll is predicting low voter turnout on Election Day. African-American and millennial voters are especially expected to stay home. Jake NovakSenior columnist, CNBC.com Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change JNJ --- DOW FUT --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. model portfolios halftime squawk box Latest PRO Chanos says Valeant was biggest loser ever for hedge funds, topping Enron; Cost industry $40 billion Breakingviews: Warren Buffett’s love for moats trumps fear of flying By: Kevin Allison Full interview with GE CEO Immelt on Trump as chief 'negotiator,' state of globalization Top-rated fund manager on long-term investing: Be willing to hold a stock for 8 years Strategist Jim Paulsen: Here's what to own when yields are surging
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     THE ENTERPRISE SECURITY SUPERSITE. UPDATED 12 MINUTES AGO. Home Network Security Viruses & Malware Cybercrime Security Solutions Mobile Security Disaster Recovery Windows Security Data Security EST Contributed Content You are here: Home / Contributed Content / Device Authority Announces Funding Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. Build Apps 5x Faster For Half the Cost Enterprise Cloud Computing On Force.com Device Authority: Funding To Accelerate Global Growth News as reported by the company PUBLISHED: OCTOBER 18 2016 Brought to You by NewsFactor Content Services PR & Content Distribution for the Tech Industry Device Authority announces £2.5 million in funding to accelerate global growth Device Authority, a global leader in policy and device-driven security for the Internet of Things (IoT) and Gartner Cool Vendor 2016, has today announced a £2.5 million ($3.05 million) funding round led by Tern PLC and Alsop Louie Partners. The funding will be used to expand the company’s sales and marketing teams to respond to our new and growing Go to Market partnerships and the increased demand in the Industrial and Healthcare IoT markets. In addition, the company will expand its development team to accelerate product development and innovation in its recently launched KeyScaler IoT security platform. “Over recent months we have been delighted to sign up new partnerships with Intel, Dell, DigiCert and Cumulocity, all of which are highlighting that IoT security is becoming a bigger concern and one that needs to be addressed now. We are seeing an increase in partners and customers who are making this a critical part of the planning and development phase of a product, rather than an afterthought”, said Darron Antill, CEO of Device Authority. "We are adding key resources to our team to address the increasing demand we are seeing from our IoT Platform customers and partners, all of which consider security as a fundamental necessity for their IoT applications", said Talbot Harty, CTO of Device Authority. The Device Authority KeyScaler Platform brings together a single product that combines secure device onboarding and provisioning with policy-driven crypto and credential management to deliver comprehensive IoT security automation at scale. “Device Authority is an IoT security leader, focused on developing a new category of highly scalable autonomous automation, policy and security management”, said Albert Sisto, CEO at Tern Plc. “Device Authority offers organizations a unique solution to protect their sensitive data and core external assets. We were especially impressed by the company’s strong executive team, their practical approach to the market and their enthusiastic and devoted partners and customers.” About Device Authority Device Authority provides simple, innovative solutions to address the challenges of securing the Internet of Things (IoT). We help our customers simplify the process of establishing a robust, end-to-end security architecture within the IoT and deliver efficiencies at scale through security automation. The Device Authority IoT security platform is purpose-built to address these challenges through automated device provisioning, credential management, secure updates and policy-driven data encryption. With offices in Fremont, California and Bracknell, UK, Device Authority partners with the leading IoT ecosystem providers, including ThingWorx, Symantec, DigiCert, Dell and Intel. Keep updated by visiting the company's website and following @DeviceAuthority on Twitter. Would you like us to publish your news or contributed article? Read more on: IT Management, Internet of Things, Innovation, Data Security, Network Security, Cybersecurity, Cloud Computing Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: TOP STORIES NOW 1. Tech Firms: What's Trump Playbook? 2. MS Cybersecurity Is Anti-Competitive 3. Adult Social Networks Hacked 4. Partners Expand ID Theft Safeguards 5. Yahoo Knew of Hack Since 2014 MAY INTEREST YOU Salesforce.com is the market and technology leader in Software-as-a-Service. Its award-winning CRM solution helps 82,400 customers worldwide manage and share business information over the Internet. Experience CRM success. Click here for a FREE 30-day trial. MORE IN CONTRIBUTED CONTENT 1. Kensington: 25 Years Tech Innovation 2. Secure IoT from Device Authority 3. MagHub Selects SoftNAS Solution 4. VeloCloud Unveils SD-WAN VQM 5. Demisto: Integration with McAfee ESM Next Article > ENTERPRISE SECURITY TODAY Network Security Viruses & Malware Cybercrime Security Solutions Mobile Security Disaster Recovery Windows Security Data Security EST Contributed Content NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2016 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
Latest News Dow 18,923 +54.37 +0.29% Nasdaq 5,276 +57.23 +1.10% S&P 500 2,180 +16.19 +0.75% 1:12 A.M. ET Australia wage growth falls to record low 1:09 A.M. ET Dollar’s march higher takes a break as investors wonder if it’s gone too far 12:51 A.M. ET Violent Protests Break Out in Athens as Obama Visits 11/15 Updated Asian stocks peek higher, led by financials 11/15 Walgreens says Theranos voided 11.3% of its customers’ blood tests 11/15 Henry Louis Gates Discusses Ideological Divides Among Black Americans 11/15 Want a cheaper fare on United? It’ll cost you the overhead bin 11/15 Updated Warren Buffett loves four airline stocks, but Wall Street prefers this one 11/15 Henry Louis Gates Discusses New PBS TV Series 11/15 Updated SEC boss Mary Jo White should be stepping up the fight, not stepping down 11/15 Updated 5 reasons why it’s too early for investors to stop worrying about President Trump 11/15 Investors hope Snap will unlock IPO market for tech unicorns 11/15 Updated New supersonic jetliner a step closer to getting off the ground 11/15 Elizabeth Warren rips Trump’s picks of ‘Wall Street insiders’ 11/15 Proposed Passenger Jet Could Reach Supersonic Speeds 11/15 Social Media Companies Tackle Fake News and Abuse 11/15 Preet Bharara hopeful that insider-trading prosecutions will ramp up 11/15 Updated Family of Chicago folk singer Steve Goodman sold ‘Go, Cubs, Go’ rights mere months before World Series 11/15 PlayStation Network may have been target of October’s internet attack 11/15 Sen. Elizabeth Warren on Election 2016 Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release PLUMgrid and Quanta Cloud Technology (QCT) Collaborate to Deliver Container and OpenStack Cloud Solutions By Published: Oct 18, 2016 9:02 a.m. ET Share SANTA CLARA, CA, Oct 18, 2016 (Marketwired via COMTEX) -- Joint solution to address increasing demand for greater security, flexible services, and analytics for modern data centers SANTA CLARA, CA--(Marketwired - Oct 18, 2016) - PLUMgrid, a leader of secure and scalable SDN and NFV solutions for container and OpenStack® clouds, today announced a collaboration with Quanta Cloud Technology (QCT), a leading global data center solution provider, to offer fully integrated OpenStack solutions. QCT will leverage PLUMgrid's comprehensive SDN and NFV software to enable highly efficient, turnkey OpenStack systems including server, storage and networking. Validated with Red Hat OpenStack Platform, PLUMgrid's Open Networking Suite (ONS) and CloudApex SDN visualization and monitoring platform enable enterprises and service providers to deploy fully integrated OpenStack clusters more rapidly.  A survey recently conducted by Heavy Reading reveals that 85.8 percent of telecom respondents consider OpenStack to be essential or important to their success, and 99 percent of respondents are considering containers for both VNFs and business applications. QCT is building on its highly efficient data center systems to accelerate deployment and time to service for its customers. Providing a collaborative OpenStack cloud solution with Red Hat OpenStack Platform and PLUMgrid enables deployments based on production-ready features, including performance, scale, high availability, greater security and interoperability. PLUMgrid ONS has achieved certification by Red Hat for several versions of Red Hat OpenStack Platform to more confidently deploy OpenStack clouds.  The collaboration follows the recent announcement of PLUMgrid's CloudSecure, a solution that enables micro-segmentation with private virtual domains, policy-based virtual tap, third-party firewall service insertion, security policy view with CloudApex, and integrated support with Intel's Open Security Controller. The joint PLUMgrid, QCT, and Red Hat solution delivers a ready-to-deploy OpenStack cluster that is designed to be agile, intelligent and resilient giving enterprises and service providers the tools they need to build more secure private, public, and hybrid OpenStack clouds. As a leading provider of data center solutions, QCT offers everything from highly efficient hardware to software that helps data center operators deploy cloud services with scalable hyper-converged infrastructure. Software-defined networking (SDN) and network function virtualization (NFV) are key components of building more secure, scalable, high-performance cloud solutions required by enterprises and service providers.  "QCT offers hyperscale data center solutions and requires highly scalable technology designed for efficiency, high resiliency and flexibility," said PLUMgrid CEO Larry Lang. "PLUMgrid's SDN and NFV architecture is built with a fully distributed data plane through IO Visor technology and is a great fit for hyperscale data centers. QCT's industry leadership and global reach combined with PLUMgrid's technology makes for a powerful collaboration." "Red Hat OpenStack certification requires extensive testing so that operators can more easily integrate and more confidently roll out OpenStack clusters, apps and services," said Mike Werner, senior director, Global Technology Ecosystems, Red Hat. "PLUMgrid has been firmly committed to the certification process with Red Hat for many releases and this solution consisting of QCT hardware and Red Hat and PLUMgrid software offers the ability to help operators simplify deployments and enable operators to build cloud-based services more rapidly."  "QCT delivers the industry's highest performing data center solutions. As OpenStack gains momentum, we are committed to helping customers simplify deployments with pre-integrated OpenStack products," said Mike Yang, President at QCT. "PLUMgrid's portfolio provides secure micro-segmentation with service insertion, which offers flexibility for many use cases. Together with CloudApex monitoring and visualization, we can offer our customers a comprehensive solution." Join PLUMgrid at the OpenStack Summit, Barcelona PLUMgrid will be exhibiting at the upcoming OpenStack Summit at Barcelona, October 24-27, 2016. Visit PLUMgrid at booth B37 during the summit where PLUMgrid and QCT will highlight the joint solution. PLUMgrid will showcase its products and technologies through whiteboard sessions, demos, and hands-on training that enable key use cases for businesses to build secure and scalable SDN infrastructure for OpenStack clouds. About PLUMgrid PLUMgrid is the leader of secure and scalable virtual network infrastructure solutions for Container and OpenStack clouds. PLUMgrid delivers industry leading software-defined networking (SDN) and network functions virtualization (NFV) solutions that enable modern data centers to connect tenants, applications, microservices, and workloads efficiently across hypervisors, virtualized, container and bare metal architectures. PLUMgrid is headquartered in Santa Clara, Calif. and is funded by venture capital and strategic investors. Visit www.plumgrid.com, read the PLUMgrid blog and follow the company on Twitter @PLUMgrid. Red Hat is a trademark of Red Hat, Inc. in the U.S. and other countries. The OpenStack Word Mark is either a registered trademark/service mark or trademark/service mark of the OpenStack Foundation, in the United States and other countries, and is used with the OpenStack Foundation's permission. Red Hat is not affiliated with, endorsed or sponsored by the OpenStack Foundation, or the OpenStack community. Media Contacts: Bob Eastwood 10Fold Communications Plumgrid@10fold.com 415-800-5385 � 2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. MarketWatch Partner Center Politics & Property Presidents’ weekend homes away from the White House View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Sponsored Content Alternatives in an uncertain world View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
← → 0 Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums View Full Site Ars Technica Ars Technica UK Dark on light Light on dark Log in Register Forgot your password? Resend activation e-mail Gear & Gadgets / Product News & Reviews Samsung 960 Pro review: The fastest consumer SSD you can buy Samsung takes SSD performance to another level—but it may be too much for some. by Edward Chester (UK) - Oct 18, 2016 1:07 pm UTC Login to bookmark 83 Edward Chester The all new Samsung 960 Pro, released today, is the follow up to last year's 950 Pro. It offers the same core set of features, with an M.2 form factor, four-lane PCIe 3.0 interface, NVMe communication standard, and 3D V-NAND. But the 960 Pro isn't just a minor spec bump. Samsung has seriously cranked up the speed (and capacities) of its flagship drives to the point where such ludicrous performance may be lost on all but the most demanding of users. These are some seriously hardcore SSDs. Where the 950 Pro was available in just 256GB and 512GB versions, the 960 Pro starts at 512GB, with 1TB and 2TB versions also available. For the first time, you can reasonably consider replacing an entire array of spinner hard drives or even 2.5-inch SATA SSDs with these things—so long as you've got the cash, of course. With a 256GB starting capacity, Samsung was able to offer the speed, longevity, and warranty of the 950 Pro to those only able to budget £170 ($199) for an SSD. But with the 960 Pro starting at $329 for the 512GB model (probably ~£330), rising to $629 for 1TB, and an eye-watering $1,299 for 2TB, you'll need to save some extra pennies to buy one, or wait it out for the Evo drives Samsung is launching later this year. Although a marked step down from the Pro range in some regards, the Evos are in theory faster than the 950 Pro drives for less money (thanks to using cheaper and more tightly packed TLC V-NAND). The 250GB will cost just $129 (~£130), 500GB will be $249 and 1TB will cost $470. There won't be a 2TB version of the 960 Evo. Does anyone really need a drive this fast? So what sort of performance can you expect if you plump for the 960 Pro? Well, Samsung claims the full range will hit a maximum sequential read speed of 3,500MB/s. That's a massive 1,000MB/s or 40 percent faster than the 950 Pro's fastest option. Meanwhile sequential write speed is rated at 2,100MB/s, which is again 40 percent or 600MB/s faster. All of these speeds bore out in testing. Samsung is also claiming the drives can manage 440,000 read IOPs and 360,000 write IOPs when it comes to random performance at a queue depth of 32 with four threads. When it comes to even the most intense workloads, these drives should still hold their own. Again, the 512GB model is slightly lower, managing 330,000 IOPs for both read and write. These numbers might not seem that striking when you consider that the 512GB 950 Pro also claimed 300,000 IOPs for random reads. However, for random writes 950 Pro was rated at just 110,000 IOPs, so we're talking about a 3x increase—ideal for heavy users like video editors. Enlarge Edward Chester Enlarge Edward Chester These sorts of performance figures aren't unheard of, particularly in server hardware, but they’re rare and certainly have never been available in consumer drives and in this form factor before. Other alternatives that have been battling with the 950 Pro over the last year include Intel's excellent 750-series, which offers superior random performance to the 950 Pro. But Intel can't match Samsung's sequential performance, not to mention that the 750-series is currently only available in a PCIe-board form factor. There’s also the OCZ RD400A, which again offers performance comparable to the 950 Pro, but comes nowhere near the 960 Pro. In fact, the closest alternative right now is another of Samsung's drives, the SM961 Polaris, which was released a couple of months ago. This is an OEM product not normally meant for sale to consumers but because it’s based on the same technology as the 960 Pro and offers similar performance, retailers have been selling some of the drives. They offer up to 3200MB/s read and 1800MB/s write speeds and the range topping 1TB model has even faster random performance with 450,000 read IOPs and 400,000 write IOPs. The drive is also available in smaller 256GB and even 128GB sizes, albeit with reduced performance. The SM961 could make for a good budget option, unless it's pulled from the shelves after the 960 Pro and Evo are released. One thing to note about the SM961, however, is that it doesn't come with Samsung Magician support (which makes firmware updates much easier), and only has a two-year warranty. Speaking of which, Samsung has reduced the warranty offered on its Pro drives from the ten years of the 950 Pro to only five years for the 960 Pro. This is a shame, but the drives are rated for even higher usage than previous models: up to 400TB, 800TB and 1,200TB of total written data, or 1.2TB of newly written data per day for three years. Expand full story Page: 1 2 3 Next → Reader comments 83 You must login or create an account to comment. Share - Tweet Email Google - Reddit -  ← Older Story Newer Story →  You May Also Like WIRED Media: Ars Technica and WIRED © 2016 Condé Nast. All rights reserved Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012) Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
Mittwoch, 16.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»PLUMgrid and Quanta Cloud Technology (QCT) Collaborate to Deliver Container and OpenStack Cloud Solutions / Joint solution to address increasing demand for greater security, flexible services, and analytics for modern data centers 18.10.2016 | 15:04 (1 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) Marketwired·Mehr Nachrichten von Marketwired PLUMgrid and Quanta Cloud Technology (QCT) Collaborate to Deliver Container and OpenStack Cloud Solutions / Joint solution to address increasing demand for greater security, flexible services, and analytics for modern data centers SANTA CLARA, CA -- (Marketwired) -- 10/18/16 -- PLUMgrid, a leader of secure and scalable SDN and NFV solutions for container and OpenStack® clouds, today announced a collaboration with Quanta Cloud Technology (QCT), a leading global data center solution provider, to offer fully integrated OpenStack solutions. QCT will leverage PLUMgrid's comprehensive SDN and NFV software to enable highly efficient, turnkey OpenStack systems including server, storage and networking. Validated with Red Hat OpenStack Platform, PLUMgrid's Open Networking Suite (ONS) and CloudApex SDN visualization and monitoring platform enable enterprises and service providers to deploy fully integrated OpenStack clusters more rapidly. A survey recently conducted by Heavy Reading reveals that 85.8 percent of telecom respondents consider OpenStack to be essential or important to their success, and 99 percent of respondents are considering containers for both VNFs and business applications. QCT is building on its highly efficient data center systems to accelerate deployment and time to service for its customers. Providing a collaborative OpenStack cloud solution with Red Hat OpenStack Platform and PLUMgrid enables deployments based on production-ready features, including performance, scale, high availability, greater security and interoperability. PLUMgrid ONS has achieved certification by Red Hat for several versions of Red Hat OpenStack Platform to more confidently deploy OpenStack clouds. The collaboration follows the recent announcement of PLUMgrid's CloudSecure, a solution that enables micro-segmentation with private virtual domains, policy-based virtual tap, third-party firewall service insertion, security policy view with CloudApex, and integrated support with Intel's Open Security Controller. The joint PLUMgrid, QCT, and Red Hat solution delivers a ready-to-deploy OpenStack cluster that is designed to be agile, intelligent and resilient giving enterprises and service providers the tools they need to build more secure private, public, and hybrid OpenStack clouds. As a leading provider of data center solutions, QCT offers everything from highly efficient hardware to software that helps data center operators deploy cloud services with scalable hyper-converged infrastructure. Software-defined networking (SDN) and network function virtualization (NFV) are key components of building more secure, scalable, high-performance cloud solutions required by enterprises and service providers. "QCT offers hyperscale data center solutions and requires highly scalable technology designed for efficiency, high resiliency and flexibility," said PLUMgrid CEO Larry Lang. "PLUMgrid's SDN and NFV architecture is built with a fully distributed data plane through IO Visor technology and is a great fit for hyperscale data centers. QCT's industry leadership and global reach combined with PLUMgrid's technology makes for a powerful collaboration." "Red Hat OpenStack certification requires extensive testing so that operators can more easily integrate and more confidently roll out OpenStack clusters, apps and services," said Mike Werner, senior director, Global Technology Ecosystems, Red Hat. "PLUMgrid has been firmly committed to the certification process with Red Hat for many releases and this solution consisting of QCT hardware and Red Hat and PLUMgrid software offers the ability to help operators simplify deployments and enable operators to build cloud-based services more rapidly." "QCT delivers the industry's highest performing data center solutions. As OpenStack gains momentum, we are committed to helping customers simplify deployments with pre-integrated OpenStack products," said Mike Yang, President at QCT. "PLUMgrid's portfolio provides secure micro-segmentation with service insertion, which offers flexibility for many use cases. Together with CloudApex monitoring and visualization, we can offer our customers a comprehensive solution." Join PLUMgrid at the OpenStack Summit, Barcelona PLUMgrid will be exhibiting at the upcoming OpenStack Summit at Barcelona, October 24-27, 2016. Visit PLUMgrid at booth B37 during the summit where PLUMgrid and QCT will highlight the joint solution. PLUMgrid will showcase its products and technologies through whiteboard sessions, demos, and hands-on training that enable key use cases for businesses to build secure and scalable SDN infrastructure for OpenStack clouds. About PLUMgrid PLUMgrid is the leader of secure and scalable virtual network infrastructure solutions for Container and OpenStack clouds. PLUMgrid delivers industry leading software-defined networking (SDN) and network functions virtualization (NFV) solutions that enable modern data centers to connect tenants, applications, microservices, and workloads efficiently across hypervisors, virtualized, container and bare metal architectures. PLUMgrid is headquartered in Santa Clara, Calif. and is funded by venture capital and strategic investors. Visit www.plumgrid.com, read the PLUMgrid blog and follow the company on Twitter @PLUMgrid. Red Hat is a trademark of Red Hat, Inc. in the U.S. and other countries. The OpenStack Word Mark is either a registered trademark/service mark or trademark/service mark of the OpenStack Foundation, in the United States and other countries, and is used with the OpenStack Foundation's permission. Red Hat is not affiliated with, endorsed or sponsored by the OpenStack Foundation, or the OpenStack community. Media Contacts: Bob Eastwood 10Fold Communications Plumgrid@10fold.com 415-800-5385 © 2016 Marketwired Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
International Business Times UK News LATEST NEWS UK Crime World Latest News Africa Asia Pacific Middle East The Americas Europe Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Politics LATEST NEWS Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music Culture Royalty Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Feature Reviews Analysis Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Log out Newsletter Signup Search Business Companies Samsung must ensure burning phones are not all it becomes associated with Korean firm must act fast to repair damage to its brand or risk fiasco getting ingrained in the public's mind. By Gaurav Sharma October 18, 2016 14:03 BST Close Embed Feed Samsung Galaxy Note 7 discontinues in the wake of fire reports IBTimes UK <iframe src="http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/videos/embed/21098" width="640" height="360" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"></iframe> Nothing could be worse for a diversified multinational conglomerate than to have one fiasco over a particular product overshadow all what it is all about, but that's exactly where South Korea's Samsung finds itself courtesy of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphone. Launched amid much fanfare and positive reviews, the handset promised so much, but it all went up in flames doused out perhaps by even greater corporate embarrassment. As soon as it hit the market, reports surfaced of the Note 7 overheating and catching fire. As Samsung Electronics scrambled to recall and issue replacements, reports started emerging about the replaced handsets also going up in flames. Finally, on 11 October, the company admitted defeat by initially asking global partners to stop selling the Note 7 "while the investigation is taking place", and later confirming it would no longer build or sell the phone. Samsung's decision was inevitable following days of nightmarish headlines and public scrutiny. Airlines started banning the Note 7 on health and safety grounds, the Korean central bank said the fiasco would impact the country's headline economic growth and its image, and analysts hit the airwaves putting a figures on how rival Apple – whose iPhone the Note 7 was supposed to take head-on – would benefit from it all. There was no way of camouflaging the fiasco that saw Samsung Electronics' share price slide by more than 10% intraday on the Seoul Stock Exchange at one point before recovering (see below). Of course, in light of the development, investor panic is understandable. However, those panicking ought to sit back and take stock of what sort of brand they saw being clobbered. Samsung, founded in 1938, is to South Korea, what General Electric is to the USA. In more ways than one, the Korean conglomerate, or 'chaebol' to use the local vernacular, is as diversified as they come and finds itself dabbling in sectors even GE does not touch, and Apple neither has nor is likely to have a pedigree in any time soon. As South Korea's largest chaebol, in any given fiscal year, it alone accounts for 16-19% of the country's gross domestic product, which tell you why the Korean Central bank is spooked. Beyond the much beleaguered Samsung Electronics, the division that makes everything from its television sets to washing machines, but is only currently associated with the Note 7 fiasco, are Samsung Heavy Industries [one of the world's largest shipbuilder measured by 2010 revenues], Samsung Engineering and Samsung C&T [both being among the world top 20 construction companies]. IBTimes UK The conglomerate is also associated with Samsung Life Insurance, a major Asia life insurance company, operates Everland Resort (Korea's oldest theme park) and runs Cheil Worldwide, a major advertising agency. Samsung is also the world second largest semiconductor maker, second only to Intel and twice the size of Qualcomm – the company ranked third on the table. However, being the manufacturer of phones susceptible of quite literally 'firing up' is not an easy tag to shake. The ubiquitous smartphone has become such an integral part of our lives that losing it via an episode as spectacular as an explosion or fires registers in the public mind. That another subsidiary does wonderful things counts for little, it's Samsung Electronics that serves as a drag on the brand. According to Roberta Cozza, Research Director at Gartner, the company will remained entrenched in a battle for consumers' trust, especially with Samsung Electronics poised to launch yet another flagship phone in the 2017. "The issues with the Note 7 have serious repercussions not only in dollar terms, but also with regard to brand and perception of trust in Samsung, and will drag for the next few quarters at the very least," Cozza told IBTimes UK. The Gartner expert believes Samsung Electronics' next big high-end flagship smartphone release – expected over the first quarter of 2017 – will be "critical" for the company to start to regain some of that brand trust back. Samsung Electronics knows just as much. In a surprise regulatory filing in the wake of its declining share price, it warned that headline profit will take a dent of £1.9bn ($2.3bn, €2.1bn) from pulling its Galaxy Note 7 smartphones off the market. Overall third-quarter operating profit is expected to come in at KRW5.2trn (£3.7bn, $4.5bn), down from previous estimates of KRW7.8trn. Things are likely to get a lot worse before they get better. According to a provisional impact assessment by Nomura securities, the Note 7 incident may dent demand for its other smartphones as well. "Furthermore, it might even slash the company's fourth quarter mobile division profit by around 85%," it added. There is growing market consensus that the mobile division – in its bid to chase Apple's iPhone – grew too fast, too soon having caught the public's imagination with its initial array of popular smartphone. Profit over safety? Ken Daly, chief executive officer of retailer JML, said while there are no reasons or suggestions to suspect compromises being made in the manufacturing process of the Note 7, Samsung users are bound to question it. "People might begin to think manufacturers are putting profit over safety, and the dangers that this outlook represents could be huge." Samsung Electronics has announced a root and branch investigation and appears to be working overtime to compensate affected customers via its vendors. In the interim, ratings agencies are sticking by the company, as it attempts to overturn its problems. "We believe the impact on credit ratings will be limited at this stage mainly because of the company's significant net cash holdings of about KRW65tr ($58.3bn) as of June 30, 2016, and strong operating cash flow," S&P said in a statement. Damage to brand equity is hard to quantify this early, according to Gartner's Cozza, but Samsung Electronics certainly has a job on its hands. "It needs to look hard internally at any management issues that might have impacted on the handling of this crisis and quality assurance practices in place. The need to make drastic changes to ensure improvements take place as soon as possible cannot be greater." Importance of that process for South Korea's largest chaebol cannot be understated. Of course, there is more Samsung than a burning mobile phone, but being remembered only for it over the medium term could have devastating consequences for the company and Korea Inc as a whole. Gaurav Sharma is the Business Editor of IBTimes UK. He has been a financial journalist for over 15 years, with a core specialisation in macroeconomics and commodities. Follow Gaurav on Twitter here. More from our Business Editor Stuffing small businesses is latest banking malpractice fad as RBS and Wells Fargo show The algorithm that pounded sterling and prompted a Bank of England probe SNP's stance on shale gas reeks of hypocrisy Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close London airport expansion war explained Columnists Tom Brake MP “Brexit means Brexit? It's clear the Government hasn't got a clue READ MORE Global bond sell-off: Why investors are heading for the door President-elect Donald Trump's $1trn economic stimulus plan has stood the world on its head for investors. Weak pound and terrorist attacks clip easyJet's wings Budget airline posts 27.9% drop in profit due to 'external events', despite carrying record number of passengers. Ford will shift production of small cars to Mexico from Michigan despite Trump threat Company CEO Mark Fields assured that the move will not lead to any job losses in the US. Snapchat heads for stock market debut with confidential IPO filing The Silicon Valley firm could go public as soon as March at a valuation of around $25bn, reports say. Google CEO Sundar Pichai confirms new London headquarters The new office that is estimated to cost £1bn could create 3,000 additional jobs by 2020. Jacob Rees-Mogg disagrees with Zac Goldsmith over Heathrow – but here's why he is still backing him Conservative MP tells IBTimes UK that Goldsmith is a 'model of what an MP ought to be'. FTSE Moves: Top flight shares gain as inflation unexpectedly loses ground Traders take advantage of the unexpected slide in inflation to hoover up more blue-chip shares. The UK has a new inflation measure, but what will change from the current one? From March 2017, the ONS will measure inflation based on CPIH index rather than the current CPI gauge. FX Focus: Pound falls sharply against euro and dollar as government 'lacks Brexit plan' Sterling declines as inflation misses forecast, while dollar rally slows as investors indulge in profit-taking. John McDonnell: UK government committing dereliction of duty with Brexit plan Shadow chancellor says Theresa May's ministers are divided over the UK's plan to split from the EU. Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Chennai Classic .Com       No Fees... No Login... Just Post Ads!!!           Chennai Others | Providing all Others in Chennai (Madras) India Home  •  Post Classifieds India / Chennai / Services / Others ﻿ Warning: Avoid Scams and Fraud. Unless you are sure about the other party do not get involved in financial transactions Report Abuse | Email this Ad    Share A strong core of components Apple Mac mini rental Pune Reply to: (Use contact form below) (Please mention ChennaiClassic.com when contacting) A strong core of components Apple Mac mini for rental in Pune. The new Apple Mac Mini, updated with Intel's third-generation Core CPUs and a new Fusion hybrid hard-drive option, brings improved value and welcome speediness to the most affordable Mac. Processor: I5 and I3, RAM: 4GB, disk Drive: Slot-loading SuperDrive, Hard disk drive: 500 GB, Wi-Fi: Built-in, LAN: BASE-T Ethernet, Blue tooth: built-in, Port: One FireWire 400 port; two high-speed USB 2.0 ports. Contact us: Globalnettech Mobile no: 9036010005, Office no: 080-65707504, Email address: enquiry@globalnetech.in , http://globalnettech.com/mac-mini-workstation-for-short-term-lease-bangalore-chennai-hyderabad-noida -pune-and-gurgaon/ Contact this User:    Your email: * Message: * Attachment: The following file types are not allowed: exe, com, bat, vbs, js, jar, scr, pif Maximum file size: 200KB Security Code: * Enter the code shown above into this textbox   Send Now Posted on: Tuesday, 18 October, 2016  11:50 Expires On: Wednesday, 26 April, 2017  06:20 Related Ads Core Banking Opening - Top MNC & CMM Level 5 Co. at IKYA Human Capital Solutions, in Chennai Pune Airport Cab Booking - Beecabs Car Rental Core field job openings in 2016 pass out Mechanical candidat Core Banking Opening - Top MNC & CMM Level 5 Co. at IKYA Human Capital Solutions, in Chennai Core Banking Opening - Top MNC & CMM Level 5 Co. at IKYA Human Capital Solutions, in Chennai Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Contact us| Post Free Ad| Chennai Classifieds| Jobs in India| Copyright © 2006 - 2016 ChennaiClassic.com Free Chennai Classifieds - The Number 1 Chennai Free Classifieds Ads Portal. All Rights Reserved Enter your search terms Submit search form   Web www.chennaiclassic.com Your most reliable resource for Jobs, Cars, plots, ads, Houses, Flats, Builders, Chennai Real Estate, Services ... Chennai Classic - Free Chennai Classifieds - The Number 1 Chennai Classified Ads Portal for Chennai Others Services
Zur Suche gehen. Neuer Nutzer? Registrieren Anmelden Hilfe Yahoo zur Startseite machen Mail Yahoo Yahoo Deutschland Finanzen Suche Web-Suche Home Währungsrechner IBAN-Rechner Blogs Bildergalerien Videos Finanzlexikon RSS Jobsuche Währungsrechner Nachrichten Kurse & Märkte Home Devisen Aktien/Indizes Fonds Rohstoffe Meine Portfolios Melden Sie sich an, um Ihre Portfolios aufzurufen Finanztipps Home Steuern Versicherungen Recht Banken Verbrauchertipps Home Klüger kaufen Haus & Garten Karriere Home News Jobsuche Tipps Bewerbung Home Wirtschaft & Politik Unternehmen Börse Nach Themen Nach Aktienkursen suchen Tipp: Mehrere Kurse mit einem Komma (,) voneinander trennen. Weitere Informationen... Mi., 16. Nov 2016, 07:57 MEZ - Deutsche Märkte öffnen in 1 Stunde 3 Minute Here's a super-quick guide to what traders are talking about right nowVon Akin Oyedele | Business Insider – Di., 18. Okt 2016 13:33 MESZ Freigeben 0 Twittern 0 Share0 Drucken Firmen: Netflix, Inc. Yahoo! Inc. Intel Corporation AKTUELLER KURS Symbol Kurs Veränderung NFLX 113,59 +0,21 YHOO 40,21 +0,91 INTC 34,91 +0,43 (Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) shortly after the opening bell in New YorkThomson Reuters) Dave Lutz, head of Exchange Traded Funds at JonesTrading, has a quick overview of what traders are talking about on Tuesday. In brief: Futures are rising from the lowest level in one month.  Netflix is ripping higher, up 19% after big beats on earnings and subscriber growth.  The consumer price index and homebuilder sentiment are on the data calender. Intel and Yahoo are among the major companies that will report earnings after the closing bell.  Here's Lutz: Good Morning!  Spoos trying to bounce from 1M lows, with Futures up 50bp in early action – While focus remains on earnings (FANG Ripper led by NFLX may be tempered by losses in IBM), a sharp bounce in the commodity complex is helping risk appetite.  In Europe, the DAX is up 1.1% as Miners lead gains and the Banks break above the 200dma.  Consumer is mixed as Luxury split between Burberry and Remy #s.  The FTSE is lagging a bit as the Pound gets more upward mojo, and volumes across the continent are pacing slightly light to trend.   In Asia, Shanghai rallied over 1%, and those “B” shares recovered almost ½ of yesterday’s whack - Nifty50 reclaimed the crucial level of 8,600 - Nikkei gained 40bp as the yen softened back above $/Y104 - Aussie up 40bp as Miners and Banks outperform, while Philippines jumped nearly 3% ahead of Duerte’s trip to China.  A sharp bid for Bunds and Treasuries remain, pressing the US 10YY back to the 200dma and yesterday’s lows.   The DXY continues to pull back from 7month peaks despite a Fresh Renminbi Low, as the Aussie $ popped on hawkish tone from Stevens – the ECB lending survey supported Euro, and GBP rallying as UK Inflation comes in hotter.  With the weaker $, Commodities are up across the board as steel rises in Asia, helping Base Metals like Zinc, Platinum and Nickel, while Copper continues to lag.  WTI is up 1% and close to yesterday’s highs as we await API tonight, while Natty continues to advance, gaining 1.2%.   Softs are all lower across the board.  Ahead of us today, we get US CPI, along with “Real Average Weekly Earnings” at 8:30 - Bank of England Bond-Buying Operation Results post at 9:50, just ahead of the US NAHB Housing Market Index at 10.  At 4pm we get Total Net TIC Flows from the US Treasury – Just ahead of that API data for Crude at 4:30 - Overall Supplies Seen Increasing 2.1M, With Gasoline Stocks dropping 1.125M (Bloomies) - Genscape looking for a Cushing draw -2.4M, Plains All American Pipeline outage blamed.  Earnings are heavy on Tech post-close, with INTC, CREE, LLTC and YHOO among others. NOW WATCH: FEMA is tracking Hurricane Matthew using the 'Waffle House Index' More From Business Insider Here's a super-quick guide to what traders are talking about right now 10 things you need to know today Here's a super-quick guide to what traders are talking about right now TRADING PLATFORM Jetzt handeln Leistungsstarke Handelsplattform von einem Marktführer. Verluste können Ihre Einlagen übersteigen. … Mehr » Top News Die Stunde Null: Wie Präsident Trump die Spielregeln der Wirtschaftswelt verändertYahoo Finanzen Lufthansa und ihre Piloten kommen nicht zusammendpa Anzeige  China will Stahlproduktion verringerndpa Banker: Frankfurt sollte vom Brexit profitierendpa Wie gewonnen, so zerronnenHandelsblatt Personal finance WISO: Warum billiges Fleisch lebensgefährlich sein kannYahoo Finanzen Vermögenswirksame Leistungen richtig nutzenYahoo Finanzen Anzeige  Krankfeiern, aber bitte richtig! Das sind die Rechte und Pflichte der ArbeitnehmerYahoo Finanzen Gute Beziehung zwischen Chef und Team erhöht die Leistungdpa Privates Handy am Arbeitsplatz nutzen - Was erlaubt istdpa Yahoo Finanzen Home Währungsrechner Nachrichten Kurse & Märkte Meine Portfolios Finanztipps Verbrauchertipps Karriere Yahoo Services Autos Clever Horoskop Kino Lifestyle Nachrichten omg! Reisen Spiele Sport TV Video Alle Yahoo Seiten » Hilfe / Vorschläge Datenschutz AGB Impressum Kurse werden bei Verfügbarkeit für NASDAQ, NYSE und NYSEAmex in Echtzeit angezeigt. Siehe auch Zeitverzögerungen für andere Börsen. Kurse und Informationen, die durch unabhängige Anbieter auf der Partnerseite von Yahoo! Finanzen bereitgestellt wurden. Die Kurse werden automatisch aktualisiert und nach 25 Minuten ohne Aktivität ausgeschaltet. Die Kurse werden mit einer Verspätung von mindestens 15 Minuten angezeigt. Alle Angaben sind ohne Gewähr, dienen lediglich der Information und sind nicht für Handelszwecke oder als Empfehlung gedacht. Weder Yahoo! noch einer der unabhängigen Anbieter können für Richtigkeit, Vollständigkeit oder Verspätungen sowie Handlungen, die durch die Nutzung der hier enthaltenen Informationen vorgenommen wurden, haftbar gemacht werden. Durch Ihren Besuch der Website von Yahoo! erklären Sie sich damit einverstanden, die darauf enthaltenen Informationen nicht weiterzugeben. Fundamentale Firmendaten werden von Capital IQ bereitgestellt. Historische Chart-Daten und tägliche Aktualisierungen werden von Commodity Systems Inc. (CSI) bereitgestellt. Internationale historische Chart-Daten und tägliche Aktualisierungen werden von Morningstar, Inc. bereitgestellt. Yahoo! - News Network
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance Equity US STOCKS-Futures up on strong reports from Netflix, J&J US STOCKS-Futures up on strong reports from Netflix, J&J Source : Last Updated: Tue, Oct 18, 2016 17:00 hrs Tweet Mail Print * Futures up: Dow 76 pts, S&P 11 pts, Nasdaq 28.75 pts By Yashaswini Swamynathan Oct 18 (Reuters) - U.S. stock index futures were modestly higher on Tuesday, buoyed by better-than-expected quarterly reports, including from Netflix and Johnson & Johnson. * Shares of Netflix surged 19.13 percent to $118.89 in heavy premarket trading after the video streaming website added many more subscribers in the third quarter than expected. * Johnson & Johnson rose 0.81 percent and health insurer UnitedHealth gained 1.4 percent after the two Dow components reported market-beating quarterly results. * A slew of better-than-expected earnings, including from big U.S. banks, have led analysts to now forecast that profit at S&P 500 companies fell just 0.1 percent in the third quarter, less than the 0.7 percent drop they expected at the start of the earnings season. * Goldman Sachs was up 1.4 percent ahead of its earnings scheduled before markets open. * IBM fell 2.6 percent after reporting its 18th straight quarter of revenue decline, attracting a flurry of price target cuts from brokerages. * Intel, scheduled to report after markets close, was up 1.7 percent on a Barclays upgrade. Yahoo is also scheduled to report after markets close. * Wall Street closed slightly lower on Monday as consumer discretionary and energy stocks dragged. * A report from the Labor Department is expected to show consumer prices edged up 0.3 percent in September after rising 0.2 percent in the previous month. The data, due at 8:30 a.m. ET (1230 GMT), will be in focus after Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen suggested last week that the central bank could allow inflation to top its 2 percent target. * The dollar fell from the seven-month high it held for the past five days after Fed Vice Chair Stanley Fischer said on Monday that the U.S. economy was very close to its employment and inflation goals, but warned on any rash changes to monetary policy. * The weaker dollar, along with analysts expectations for a rebalance in the oil market lifted prices of the commodity by 1 percent, while gold prices were on track for their best day in nearly one month. Futures snapshot at 7:17 a.m. ET: * Dow e-minis were up 76 points, or 0.42 percent, with 21,338 contracts changing hands. * S&P 500 e-minis were up 11 points, or 0.52 percent, with 118,953 contracts traded. * Nasdaq 100 e-minis were up 28.75 points, or 0.6 percent, on volume of 23,433 contracts. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza) SEARCH About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2016. All rights reserved
Tech content trusted by users in North America and around the world 7,275 Reviews & Articles | 52,907 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU GIVEAWAY: Three awesome GIGABYTE Motherboards Intel Z170 Motherboards up for grabs! TRENDING NOW: Watch Dogs 2 first impressions Home Press Releases RAM ATP unveils industry's first DDR3L-1866 ECC SO-DIMM RAM Posted: Oct 17, 2016 8:49 pm | RAM Press Releases | Stock Ticker: NASDAQ:INTC Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA ATP, the leading manufacturer of high performance DRAM and flash memory solutions, has announced the industry's first DDR3L ECC SO-DIMM technology capable of operating at 1866MHz.     The ATP DDR3L-1866 modules are available with capacities of 4GB and 8GB and address the need for low voltage (1.35V) DDR3 memory running at 1866MHz (instead of 1600MHz). As a result they can maximize system performance when used in conjunction with Intel Apollo Lake processors.   The new ECC SO-DIMM is available in both commercial temperature (CT 0C to 85C) and industrial temperature grade (IT -40C to 95C) options, providing the flexibility to meet the operating conditions of a wide variety of IoT (internet of things) systems. The industrial temperature range durability feature is especially beneficial in harsh environments and embedded applications such as industrial IoT and automation devices, telecommunication systems, healthcare technology and outdoor data collection systems.   Intel Apollo Lake-based IoT and embedded systems are architected for operation with DDR3L memory running at 1866MHz and using ECC and non-ECC SODIMMs at full speed to achieve the best system performance.   Until now, however, the general market has only provided DDR3L ECC SODIMMs capable of operating at 1600MHz. ATP is able to tune its ECC SO-DIMM technology to support operation at 1866MHz. The modules are designed, tuned, fully tested and validated without any system degradation or side effects.   "The successful implementation and validation of the DDR3L ECC-SO-DIMM at 1866MHz demonstrates ATP's leading technical know-how, and its creativity to bring a solution to maximize the throughput of the Intel IoT platforms," said Jerry Wang, ATP DRAM Product Manager. "ATP looks forward to any opportunity to work with our current and future OEM/ODM and IPC partners on their IoT and industrial/embedded projects."   Recommended for You Corsair Releases Dominator Platinum Light Bar Upgrade... Samsung rolls out industry's first 8GB LPDDR4 DRAM... Transcend Intro 1 and 2GB DDR3 SO-DIMMs OCZ Intro DDR3 Intel Extreme Memory Related Tags ATP Intel DDR3L-1866 ECC SO-DIMM RAM DDR3 RAM Laptop Memory Laptop RAM Got an opinion? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts HP's new super-small PC packs Intel Xeon, M.2 SSD, more Dishonored 2 crap perf on PC 'totally on us' says dev HBO's 'Westworld' renewed for a second season NVIDIA's new supercomputer will design next-gen GPUs Apple's new $300 design book doesn't include 3.5mm jackView More News Posts View Our Latest Videos Forum Activity Gigabyte X58-UD5 System Doesn't Boot Anymore! ADATA SE730 (2016) 250GB Portable SSD Review C2750DI no video/POST i can't install anything on my newly built gaming pc Samsung 960 EVO 1TB 1TB & 250GB M.2 NVMe PCIe SSD ReviewView More Forum Posts Press Releases Asius technologies crowdfunds to produce its revolutionary ADEL Drum Bionic earbuds University of Toronto selects CoolIT Systems to liquid cool signal processor for CHIME Project MSI VR One backpack PC and GS63VR Stealth Pro gaming notebook recognized as 2017 CES innovation honoree G.SKILL releases new RIPJAWS KM570 RGB mechanical gaming keyboard Next Generation Esports (NGE) launches BattleRekt tournamentView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2016 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Home CLOSE Home Categories Features Open science Biomimicry Sports and Tech Returning to the rails Health gaming Urban Mobility Sleep Extreme Scientists Light Estonia High-tech farming Longevity Smell Energy storage Happiness Superbugs The makers Hypervision Augmented human Fracking – or not Foods for the future Infographics Subscribe Back issues Latest issue Contact Social           Contact Home Categories Features Open science Biomimicry Sports and Tech Returning to the rails Health gaming Urban Mobility Sleep Extreme Scientists Light Estonia High-tech farming Longevity Smell Energy storage Happiness Superbugs The makers Hypervision Augmented human Fracking – or not Foods for the future Infographics Subscribe Back issues Latest issue Contact Social All eyes on Eindhoven Home Technologist 10 All eyes on Eindhoven Technologist 10Oct 18, 2016 Where else would you find the “smartest square kilometre in Europe”?  Alex Tihonovs / Shutterstock.com Once dominated by light-bulb manufacturer Philips, the Dutch city is now home to a dynamic university and its circle of start-ups. The data collection is all part of the Living Lab Stratumseind. Living Labs are both innovation projects and business models for the Brainport Eindhoven Region, which includes Brabant province’s largest city and its 20 surrounding municipalities. These projects allow TU/e to stay in touch with the outside world and to collaborate with regional industrial partners. Living Lab Stratumseind is supported by Intel and the Dutch Institute for Technology, Safety and Security, among others. One of the involved companies, digital services supplier Atos, received a Digital Impact Award for its contribution to safety by providing relevant information on nightlife incidents to emergency services. The majority of Living Labs are initiatives of the university, with input from students, in collaboration with the city of Eindhoven and local small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs). “The knowledge resulting from the project flows back to them, which is a win-win situation,” says Steef Blok (@Bloksteef ), director of TU/e Innovation Lab. “SMEs are always in a hurry and never have a budget, and the knowledge increases the innovative power of the province.” It is no coincidence that one Living Lab chose to study lighting. After all, the technology hub owes its existence to electronics multinational Philips, founded in Eindhoven in 1891 by Frederik and Gerard Philips, who prospered by producing light bulbs. Today, although Philips has its headquarters in Amsterdam, Eindhoven remains “the Light City” and during the yearly carnival it is renamed “Light Hole”. Design and a High Tech Campus Just as Philips is now more than a light-bulb company, so Eindhoven is more than just Philips and TU/e. The area absorbs about a third of all private Dutch R&D spending. There is the other impressive multinational, chip-building machine producer ASML, with its record 2015 revenues of €6.3 billion and profit of €1.4 billion. There is also the celebrated Design Academy, which combines art and technology . There is also a vocational and bachelor’s program in applied sciences. In addition, more than 140 companies with 10,000 employees are located on the High Tech Campus Eindhoven, known as the “smartest square kilometre in Europe”. Campus companies are now responsible for nearly 40 per cent of Dutch patent applications. Little wonder that the Intelligent Community Forum in New York, a non-profit policy research organisation, named the region “Most Intelligent Community of the Year” in 2011. The prestigious award was a welcome endorsement for a region known for its traditional Dutch culture of modesty. The jury praised Eindhoven’s proximity and interwovenness – physically, cognitively as well as socially. “Here, collaboration really means collaboration, different actors really work together,” says Blok. Adaptability as the key The University played a key role by introducing six multidisciplinary themes – including health, smart mobility and energy – and three centres: Datascience, High Tech Systems and Photonic Integration. The number of students has doubled from 7,000 to 14,000 since 2011. Also, SMEs that traditionally had no connection to the university have now become its second largest partner.   “Start-ups bridge the gap between universities and companies, between early-stage research and technology that’s ready for production” Adaptability is the key “Innovation is not about inventions, but about the extent to which you’re able to adjust to the new reality,” says Edgar van Leest (@edgarvanleest), manager of strategy and public affairs at Brainport Development. “Just as Darwin wrote about natural selection in nature.” Ready for the future The TU/e Innovation Lab is central to numerous collaborations. Started as a technology transfer office, it plays a central role in bridging the gap between science and the outside world by stimulating scientists to develop an entrepreneurial mind and lower the threshold for business initiatives. Tech transfer remains an important task. TU/e Innovation Lab works with technology readiness levels, ranging from 1 (just started) to 9 (ready for production). “Universities bring it up to level 2 or 3, companies enter at stage 5 or 6,” Blok explains. “Our job is to bridge stage 3 to 5 by setting up start-ups, using so-called ‘pre-seed’ and ‘proving concepts’ funds.” Dozens of companies have been nurtured in this fashion over the past decade. One success story is TU/e spin-off Xeltis, an Eindhoven- and Zurich-based company that developed degradable implantable grids enabling patients to regrow a heart valve inside their body, using their own cells. Xeltis expects the heart valves to be market-ready within five years. Another successful TU/e spin-off is Peer+, which developed energy-generating windows using solar power. In 2014 Peer+ was acquired by German multinational Merck, which is investing €15 million to produce its “smart energy glass”. Looking ahead, Eindhoven is looking to develop another new field: photonics. The idea is to develop the next generation of data transport, using light, to improve capacity. Data are already being transported photonically through fiber-optic cables, but because data-processing chips are still electronic, data centres still convert information to electrical signals. These electronic chips require much more power and are much slower than the recently introduced photonic chips. “Eventually, data consumption will reach the limits of current technology,” says Blok. “Photonics will bring the solution.” Article by Jop de Vrieze @Jopdevrieze   Dutch Design: eclectic and funny The godfather of Dutch design, Marcel Wanders, made his breakthrough in 1995 with his “Knotted Chair”, which is now part of the collection at New York’s Museum of Modern Art. Characterized by its minimalist, innovative and unconventional approach – with a sense of humour – Dutch Design has since become a renowned global brand. Today the Netherlands continues to churn out world-leading designers – from leading labels like Moooi and Droog to experimental boundary pushers like Joris Laarman, Lucas Maassen and Piet Hein Eek. The one string linking these globally lauded designers? They are almost exclusively former students of the Design Academy Eindhoven (DAE), whose roots go back to 1947. Housed in the Witte Dame building, a former Philips factory in the heart of the city, DAE is not your typical design academy. For starters, the 150 tutors at the academy teach only one day a week. The rest of their time is spent in the real design world, meaning teachers have their finger on the pulse and can also offer students real projects to work on. In addition, DAE sits in the Strijp-S area, a part of the former Philips grounds turned successful incubator space, meaning undergraduates mingle with creative professionals launching their latest designs. “Our students used to make collectibles for museums. Now they go out into the world and respond to societal challenges” In the past few years, DAE has changed its approach to education, responding to new technologies and the need for design to address societal challenges. The students “used to make collectibles for museums,” recently departed Creative Director Thomas Widdershoven told the website Dezeen. “Instead they now go out into the world. They see crisis and they respond to it.” Take, for example, alumnus Nils Chudy, one half of Chudy and Grase, a designer who reimagined the kettle. The Miito kettle’s simple yet effective design saves energy by inductively heating liquids directly in the vessel. Another trendsetting alumnus is Teresa van Dongen, 2015’s Young Designer winner in the Dutch Design Awards. Her hanging mobile electricity-free lamp draws from her background in biology and is based on bacteria that light up when the lamp moves. With such an education, DAE bachelor’s and master’s students – the designers of tomorrow – stop asking, “How can I make a statement?” and instead ask, “Why are things the way they are, and how can I make them better?” Share this: Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google Pocket Reddit Start-up SIMILAR ARTICLES Nov 15, 2016 Test of new airport scanner technology In future, you may be able to leave your laptop and fluids in your carry-on luggage when passing through airport… Nov 9, 2016 “Children should learn to code without realising it” Technology Will Save Us teaches programming using toys in a whole new way. Nov 7, 2016 The queen of online advertising Story of an accidental entrepreneur. Nov 2, 2016 Car-hire apps: pay less to drive more A car is still one of the most expensive purchases people make. But a number of apps and websites are… Search Best reads Turning old plastic bags into bricks “NexusHaus”, the ultimate sustainable house Giving LEDs a cosy, warm glow Sports and tech: How athletes make use of the latest inventions Sweden, the land of the unicorns Life cycle of a wind turbine 'Stupidity virus' refuted: samples contaminated Archives November 20168 October 201612 September 201622 August 201613 July 20162 June 201618 May 201614 April 201613 March 201614 February 201620 January 201613 December 201517 November 201514 October 201512 September 201514 August 20159 July 201512 June 201517 May 201515 April 201512 March 201517 February 201514 January 201515 December 201412 November 201411 October 201419 September 201417 August 20149 July 201411 June 201423 © Technologist Contact Technologist website and magazine are initiatives of the EuroTech Universities Alliance, bringing together the best and most exciting research and innovation from Europe and beyond. Through intensive collaboration, the Alliance supports the EU goals of smart, sustainable and inclusive growth to help Europe thrive. FEATURED Nov 9, 2016 “Children should learn to code without realising it” Nov 7, 2016 The queen of online advertising Oct 31, 2016 The Impossible Project: Giving a second life in a digital world Oct 19, 2016 Two European innovators reveal their interests #5 Oct 18, 2016 All eyes on Eindhoven ISSUE NO.10 Subscribe 
null
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Mobile Electronics show opens today with 2,600 booths showcasing latest mobile gadgets and accessories VR/AR/MR Ecosystem Summit to address rising demand for virtual reality products Startup Launchpad to showcase innovation mobile electronics startups Co-located Smart Living Pavilion covers smart home security, lighting and energy management, entertainment, and appliances and gadgets News provided by Global Sources Oct 18, 2016, 01:00 ET Share this article HONG KONG, Oct. 18, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Global Sources' (NASDAQ: GSOL) Mobile Electronics show opens today with 2,600 booths. Running from Oct. 18 to 21 at Hong Kong's AsiaWorld-Expo, the show focuses on smartphones, tablets, wearable devices and mobile accessories. The show features a wide selection of products from the hottest mobile categories including virtual and augmented reality, sports and health wearables, mobile speakers and headphones, wireless charging, cases and covers, smartphones and tablets. The Brand Zone showcases 400 booths of suppliers manufacturing their own designs and brands.  President of Global Sources Electronics Group, Tommy Wong, said: "Our show is the world's largest mobile electronics sourcing event and draws strong attendance from the world's top buyers. This is because the show focuses on innovative products in emerging and high-growth categories from quality suppliers." VR/AR/MR Ecosystem Summit to offer industry insights into fast growing market The virtual reality market is expected to reach US$33.9 billion by 2022. To address increasing interest and consumer demand, the show hosts Hong Kong's first-ever VR/AR/MR Ecosystem Summit. Topics at the full-day Summit range from technology to applications and from software to hardware in the VR/AR/MR industry. Speakers include industry experts from Intel, Microsoft, HTC Vive, AMD, NVIDIA, ARM, EmdoorVR, Rock Chip, Invensense, Haier, LetinVR, Liason Interactive and Nibiru. Other highlights at the show Multiple experience zones give attendees a closer look at new and creative products across different categories: Mobile VR Experience Zone allows attendees to see and try the latest and most immersive virtual reality and gaming products. Sports & Health Wearables Zone features the latest fitness, outdoor and personal care wearable technology products. Korea Pavilion showcases latest mobile gadgets and accessories from Korean manufacturers. Startup Launchpad expands to showcase a broad range of innovative products The Startup Launchpad is the largest collection of consumer electronics startups in Asia with 150 emerging hardware startups showcasing their latest products. It is integrated within both phases of the show to help electronics startups find effective distribution channels, and to help buyers identify the latest innovations and be first to market with shelf-ready products. Attendees can also gain insights from 34 industry thought leaders who will share their knowledge of market trends and concepts. More information is available at http://www.launchpadhk.com/. Asia's first Smart Living Pavilion Smart Living is a brand-new pavilion co-located with the Mobile Electronics show and covering smart home security, lighting and energy management, entertainment, and appliances and gadgets. The fast-growing smart home market sector is expected to reach US$121.73 billion by 2022. In collaboration with Hong Kong Science and Technology Parks Corporation (HKSTP), the Smart Living Experience Showcase is a "live" on-site smart home that incorporates advanced automation systems to provide inhabitants with sophisticated monitoring and control over various home devices. Value-added services to enhance buyer and supplier efficiency Conferences on hot topics including virtual reality, smart home, as well as insights on the four stages of the startup life cycle: ideation, validation, manufacturing and distribution. Global Sources Summit offers participants the chances to learn the best practices for selling on Amazon led by sourcing and Amazon experts. Buyer app helps buyers maximize efficiency at the show with a range of pre-event and on-site benefits. The app enables buyers to locate exhibitors, create exhibitor profiles and take notes and product pictures. Users can also manage communications with exhibitors. Supplier app enables exhibitors to obtain buyer information, sourcing history and to submit quotations efficiently. VIP Buyer Offices provide selected buyers with fully-equipped offices. The Global Sources Electronics show is expected to attract more than 60,000 buyers from 150 countries and territories, including purchasing decision makers from Acer, Amazon, Best Buy, Brookstone, Canon, Dolby, eBay, El Corte Ingles, Foxconn, Groupe Auchan, Hitachi, Huawei, IBM, Intel, Kesa Electricals, Logicom, Metro, NTT Docomo, Office Depot, Panasonic, Qualcomm, RadioShack, Samsung, Sony, Target, Tesco, Unilever, Woolworths and Yamaha. The show is complemented by six electronics industry websites accessible from GlobalSources.com. Updated daily, each site delivers exclusive content, including Analyst's Choice, an unbiased selection of new and innovative products from exhibitors, advertisers, non-advertisers, startups and leading brands in the region. Opening hours for the show are: Oct. 18-20 from 10:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. Oct. 21 from 10:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Buyers can find more information about the Global Sources Electronics show and pre-register to attend at http://www.globalsources.com/exhibitions. More information about Global Sources is available on the company's corporate site (http://www.corporate.globalsources.com), Facebook and Twitter (/globalsources). About Global Sources Global Sources is a leading business-to-business media company and a primary facilitator of trade with Greater China. The core business facilitates trade between Asia and the world using English-language media such as online marketplaces (GlobalSources.com), trade shows, magazines, and apps. More than 1 million international buyers, including 95 of the world's top 100 retailers, use these services to obtain product and company information to help them source more profitably from overseas supply markets. These services also provide suppliers with integrated marketing solutions to build corporate image, generate sales leads and win orders from buyers in more than 240 countries and territories. Now in its fifth decade, Global Sources has been publicly listed on the NASDAQ since 2000. Press Contact Investor Contact in Asia Camellia So Connie Lai Tel: (852) 2555-5021 Tel: (852) 2555-4747  e-mail: GSpress@globalsources.com e-mail: investor@globalsources.com Investor Contact in U.S. Cathy Mattison LHA Tel: (1-415) 433-3777 e-mail: cmattison@lhai.com Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20030303/LNM011LOGO-b To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/mobile-electronics-show-opens-today-with-2600-booths-showcasing-latest-mobile-gadgets-and-accessories-300345849.html SOURCE Global Sources Related Links http://GlobalSources.com Oct 18, 2016, 02:00 ET Preview: Global Sources Gifts & Home show opens today Oct 11, 2016, 01:00 ET Preview: World's largest electronics sourcing show opens today with 6,000 booths in two phases My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Oct 26, 2016, 01:00 ETGlobal Sources celebrates 10 successful years of its fashion show Oct 18, 2016, 02:00 ETGlobal Sources Gifts & Home show opens today Explore More news releases in similar topics Retail Computer Electronics Electronic Commerce Multimedia & Internet Publishing & Information Services You just read: Mobile Electronics show opens today with 2,600 booths showcasing latest mobile gadgets and accessories News provided by Global Sources Oct 18, 2016, 01:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In

Mittwoch, 16.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»NovaSparks Slashes Feed-Handler Latency by 25% 18.10.2016 | 06:01 (73 Leser) Schrift ändern: (1 Bewertungen) Business Wire·Mehr Nachrichten von Business Wire NovaSparks Slashes Feed-Handler Latency by 25% A series of architectural innovations, including a new advanced book building engine, results in NovaTick processing market data 300ns faster than before NovaSparks™, the leading field programmable gate array (FPGA) market data company, today announced it has completely redesigned its book building engine inside NovaTick, its latest generation ticker plant, dramatically lowering the processing latency for order based feeds. The new and improved book building engine is at the heart of NovaSparks' pure FPGA architecture. One of the other architectural changes includes a new ultra-low latency PCS (Physical Coding Sublayer). This improvement is especially valuable to NovaLink customers, who use the FPGA-to-FPGA link to receive NovaSparks' ticker plant data directly into their own FPGA trading systems. These architectural changes will be formally available for the Nasdaq TotalView ITCH feed in November, followed by all the other order based feeds currently supported by NovaTick in January. "It has been one year in the making; we managed to reduce latency by 300ns and it will benefit all of our customers, whether they consume the market data in 10Gig Ethernet, PCIe or NovaLink," said NovaSparks CEO Luc Burgun. "This new book building architecture also puts us on very solid ground to dramatically increase the scalability of our solutions in the near future well beyond the currently supported 8,191 instruments for order based markets. This consolidates our position as the leading pure FPGA market data company." NovaTick's design is based on a pure FPGA architecture where all real-time market data processing functions are performed in hardware resulting in the lowest and most deterministic latency. This FPGA-centric architecture is augmented with tightly integrated multi-core Intel processors to support non-latency sensitive tasks such as exchange recovery functions. The redesigned book building engine benefits all the output interface options of NovaTick as shown in the table below: Output Option Processing latency for the NASDAQ TotalView ITCH feed configured for the full universe of instruments. Current Architecture New Architecture 10Gig Ethernet Multicast measured wire-to-wire 1100 nanoseconds 800 nanoseconds NovaLink measured wire-to-trading-FPGA-core 1050 nanoseconds 750 nanoseconds PCIe Direct Memory Access measured wire-to-server-memory 1550 nanoseconds 1250 nanoseconds Output interface options of NovaTick, NovaSparks' latest generation platform, and their resulting latency. NovaLink is the FPGA-to-FPGA link that enables trading firms to receive NovaSparks' ticker plant data directly into their own FPGA trading systems. The data is consumed through a normalized hardware application program interface (API) provided by NovaSparks as an intellectual property (IP) core. By using NovaLink, trading firms off-load the feed handler functions of their overall design onto separate FPGA chips, which gives more space on their own FPGA to implement larger scale trading strategies that will not fit on a single chip system otherwise. NovaSparks will be exhibiting at the FIA Expo in Chicago on October 19 and 20, 2016. Visit NovaSparks at booth #713 in the blue hall. For more information about the new book building engine, NovaTick, or NovaLink, please contact sales@novasparks.com. About NovaSparks, Inc. NovaSparks is the leader in FPGA-based high performance and ultra-low latency market data solutions for the financial industry. NovaSparks' unique FPGA centric approach delivers sub microsecond processing latency including book building, even during market peak periods. Available for over 50 feeds among the major Equity, Futures and Options venues across North America, Europe and Asia, the feed handlers are packaged in 'easy-to-deploy' appliances offering an extensive fan-out capability for market data distribution. Founded in 2008 and backed by well-established investors, NovaSparks' offices are located in Paris, France and New York, USA. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161017006585/en/ Contacts: NovaSparks, Inc. Barbara Rizzatti, 971-998-9404 marketing@novasparks.com Twitter:@NovaSparksFPGA © 2016 Business Wire Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
VietNamNet New ABOUT US | VIETNAMESE | RSS | Update 16/11/2016 13:02:30 (GMT+7) VietNamNet | TuanVietNam | vef.vn | 2Sao | TintucOnline | Vland | Thể thao Home Special Reports Vietnam In Photos What’s On Vietnam Reference Search Government Business Society Art & Entertainment Travel Education Science & IT Environment Sports World News Your Vietnam Odd News Vietnam's marine sovereignty   business Last update 10:39 | 18/10/2016    FacebookTwitter addthis_button_compactSend EmailPrinter Strong FDI presence in industrial realty sector The industrial real estate market has picked up pace in 2016 as foreign investment continues to pour in Vietnam. In the first half of 2016, six newly operational industrial zones (IZs) supplied approximately 700 hectares of leasable area, bringing the total to 218 IZs with an area of 59,700ha, and a leasable area of approximately 41,000ha, according to Savills Vietnam. Neil MacGregor, managing director of Savills Vietnam, said that IZs are performing well with very high take-up rates. The total leased area in the first half of 2016 was 28,500ha, increasing 5% since the end of 2015. Despite supply growth, occupancy increased to 70% due to the new wave of foreign direct investment (FDI) inflows. He added that the FDI figure is different from the previous cycle as FDI capital is quickly disbursed. In the last cycle, many projects were registered but money did not enter Vietnam. In addition, the manufacturing sector is very strong in Vietnam due to low-cost labor. The country also moved up the value chain to develop electronic and hi-tech products electronic and hi-tech products by welcoming Canon, Intel, Panasonic, and Samsung. Because of the sharply increased demand for industrial space, Savills Vietnam has received many requests from foreign investors who want to find good industrial land for their factories. These foreign manufacturers need to find land that suits their purpose, like close proximity to international ports and airports, as well as a convenient location to tap into low-cost or skilled labor. Thus, the firm intends to open a new service to meet the increasing demand. MacGregor also highlighted that some industrial developers are now willing to take on some risks by building warehouses and factories for lease. Most recently, Japan’s Daiwa House Industry plans to increase the size of its rental factories in Long Duc IZ in the southern province of Long An, almost fourfold by March 2019-aiming to capture the demand from small-to medium-sized businesses looking to enter Vietnam, as reported by Nikkei Asia Review. The Japanese homebuilder has a 40% stake in Long Duc IZ. Currently, it manages 7,000 square meters of the rental factories. By fiscal year 2018, the company plans to construct six more high-rise buildings, expanding floor space to 26,000sq.m with projected capital of around 2 billion yen (US$19.7 million). Previously, IZ development in Long An was stagnant. However, the province has increased interest, with 16 operating IZs now supplying approximately 3,000ha of leasable space. In the first six months of 2016, Long An received approximately US$350 million in registered FDI, the highest among the Mekong Delta provinces. Nevertheless, as rents are relatively high, the average IZ occupancy in Long An is still low, at less than 60%. According to a recent report by Savills Vietnam, Binh Duong and Dong Nai have consolidated their positions as industrial centers of southern Vietnam, with each province attracting approximately US$1 billion to the processing and manufacturing sectors in the first half of 2016. Meanwhile, IZs in Ho Chi Minh City have the most convenient locations and therefore, the highest rents amongst the southern provinces. Conversely, as a result of higher labor costs, newly developed IZs are pressed to increase occupancy. VIR Strong FDI presence in industrial realty sector, vietnam economy, business news, vn news, vietnamnet bridge, english news, Vietnam news, news Vietnam, vietnamnet news, vn news, Vietnam net news, Vietnam latest news, Vietnam breaking news   Name: * Email from: * Email to: * Messages:     Send      Read on Imports hurting domestic fertiliser producers Leather, footwear firms move to seize opportunities from FTAs Realty stays balanced at the top-end FDI forecast warily brightens Foreign exchange market: bumpy ride in next few months Banks find it difficult to increase capital US$10b e-commerce targeted by 2020 $50m VinaCapital deal still on track VN market to remain volatile on US vote VN to boost chicken exports     Top Stories Vietnamese representatives at international beauty pageants 2016 Large M&A deal could change Vietnam’s sugar industry Universities produce bachelor's degree candidates to businesses’ orders Visit Da Nhay beach in Quang Binh Visit to traditional fish-pot making village in Hung Yen Top 10 historic and famous prisons Tycoons now indifferent to buying "golden land" plots Students learn English to pass exams, not to communicate Vietnamese companies spend big money to advertise products overseas T’nung Lake in Pleiku Latest News BUSINESS IN BRIEF 16/11 KIDO to soon issue $45m in bonds Asia shares win reprieve as bond rout pauses for now Anh Vien aims high for Asian Swimming Championship 2016 Large-scale int’l charity bazaar comes back to HCM City in late November Bank for overseas Vietnamese proposed Da Nang to adjust 2030’s Master Plan Son-in-law Kushner poised to wield clout in Trump presidency Vietnam has huge franchising potential Hanoi celebrates Polish literary giant     RssIN FOCUS Indonesia transport plane crash kills at least five The debate about Nem Thuong pig-chopping ritual Vietnam International Fashion Week 2014 review The China-Philippines dispute in the East Sea Overview of the East Sea Dispute The East Sea disputes Legendary General Vo Nguyen Giap The sadness of heritage Human resources training for healthcare in trouble Analyzing Vietnam-China trade relations PrevNext   Home | Advertising | Weblink | Contact Us VNN © Copyright of VIETNAMNET Bridge Tel: 04.37722792 Fax: 04.37722882, Email: evnn@vietnamnet.vn
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Nov 16, 1:56 AM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Acer Releases New Version Of The Chromebook 15 With 12-Hour Battery Life, $199 Price Tag By Ken Manbert Salcedo On 10/17/16 AT 9:28 PM Close Acer has announced this year’s version of the Chromebook 15, which is still very affordable at $199. However, the cheap price comes with a lot of compromise which may put off a lot of potential buyers. Chromebooks have always been the most affordable way of getting a laptop, and the new Acer Chromebook 15 is no exception. The problem lies with how it fares with other models like its predecessor. The new Chrome OS laptop comes with a 15.6-inch display with a screen resolution of 1,366 x 768. The display size is big, but the screen resolution is very limiting when it comes to providing actual screen real estate. The new Acer Chromebook 15 comes with a 15.6-inch display. Photo: Acer Under the hood, the new Acer Chromebook 15 comes with an Intel Celeron N3060 dual-core processor, 2GB of RAM, 16GB of internal storage and 100GB of free Google Storage for two years, according to PC Mag. RAM size is disappointing to say the least. Even with the laptop running Chrome OS, it should have at least 4GB as standard. Last year’s model can be upgraded to come with 4GB of RAM and outfitted with a full HD 1080p display for an additional $80, as pointed out by Engadget. Acer has not confirmed yet if it would be offering the same deal with this year’s model. Related Stories Acer's New Gaming laptop Is A Curve-Screened Beast Google Pixel XL Smartphone Is Out Of Stock On The Google Store As for ports, the Acer Chromebook 15 comes with two USB 3.0 ports, an SD card reader that supports up to 128GB and an HDMI port. The laptop also comes equipped with 802.11 Wi-Fi and Bluetooth 4.2. Despite some of the disappointing hardware, the new Acer Chromebook 15 still offers something more than just an affordable price. Acer claims that the new model has a 12-hour battery life while also being lighter than its 4.85-pound predecessor at just 4.3 pounds. Another great thing about this model is that it fully supports Android apps from the Google Play Store. As of now, the new Acer Chromebook 15 is only available at Walmart’s online store and some of its physical stores, according to Digital Trends. The new Acer Chromebook 15 comes with a plastic build. Photo: Acer Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business Report Likens Tax Havens To Disease That Must Be Quarantined The report on the Panama Papers was written by Nobel Prize-winning economist Joseph Stiglitz and Swiss anti-corruption expert Mark Pieth. Technology Snap Inc. Files For IPO The Snapchat parent quietly filed for an IPO on Election Day and could sell shares in the first quarter of 2017, according to reports. World Can A Crowdfunded Telescope Photograph An Earth-Like Planet? Project Blue, launched by an international consortium of scientists, began a Kickstarter campaign Tuesday to raise funds for a telescope that may capture a “pale blue dot” image of an alien planet. National Clinton Email Server Still Top GOP Priority Rep. Elijah Cummings, D-Md., suggested time would be better spent investigating president-elect Donald Trump's finances. © Copyright 2016 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Satya Nadella hits Sydney and channels Steve O'Ballmer from eight years ago Is that your television? Or a zero client running a virtual desktop? SpectraLogic SLACSS off to speed HPC archiving Qumulo bangs out new software, Apollo server support Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Gone in 70 seconds: Linux can be owned by holding Enter key If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Navy STEALS? US sailors dispute piracy claim Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets Twitter rolls out troll controls DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed More like this Smartphones Personal Tech Samsung to fab 10nm FinFET SoCs for next year's exploding phones Progress! 17 Oct 2016 at 23:51, Chris Williams Chris Williams Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Windows 10, Arm, Apple, Intel, Microsoft Recent Articles Today the web was broken by countless hacked devices – your 60-second summary AMD is a rounding error on Intel's spreadsheet and that sucks for us all Intel stock falls on glum Q4 Pocket explosives maker Samsung claims it has started the "mass production" of the world's first 10nm FinFET system-on-chips. These SoCs are expected to be next-generation Samsung-designed Exynos chips, and possibly Qualcomm Snapdragons, which are at the heart of today's ARM-powered Android handhelds. The South Korean giant, which just had to recall 2.5 million Galaxy Note 7 smartphone after some of their batteries started detonating, says shrinking the transistor size from 14nm to 10nm will reduce die areas, and increase performance or lower power consumption. Just like the step down from 20nm to 14nm in 2014. According to the chaebol, whose Galaxy Note 7 is so dangerous it's now a US federal offense to get on an aircraft with one, the first wave of its 10nm SoCs will be 10LPE devices, followed by 10LPP parts in the second half of 2017. LPE means the chips are fabricated with power-performance efficiency in mind, while LPP means the components is tuned for increased performance. Samsung-manufactured 10LPE SoCs are due to appear in handsets in early 2017. From today's announcement from the union-busting maker of self-destructing washing machines and microwave ovens: Samsung’s new 10nm FinFET process (10LPE) adopts an advanced 3D transistor structure with additional enhancements in both process technology and design enablement compared to its 14nm predecessor, allowing up to 30-percent increase in area efficiency with 27-percent higher performance or 40-percent lower power consumption. In order to overcome scaling limitations, cutting edge techniques such as triple-patterning to allow bi-directional routing are also used to retain design and routing flexibility from prior nodes. Meanwhile, Intel and TSMC are expected to start churning out volume-levels of 10nm FinFET chips around the start of 2017. Intel's 10nm Cannonlake x86 processors are due to arrive next year as are 10nm ARM-compatible CPUs fabricated by the x86 giant. In other words, everyone is working on manufacturing 10nm chips for early 2017, Samsung just couldn't resist blowing up our inboxes with another bombastic announcement. Just be thankful Sammy's semiconductors have a better rep than their consumer product cousins. ® Sponsored: The state of mobile security maturity Tips and corrections 16 Comments More from The Register Virtual reality is actually made of smartphones From the HoloLens to the PlayStation VR, all VR kit is descended from the first iPhone 48 Comments Humanity will only buy 47 smartphones per SECOND in 2016 Last year we bought 44 per second, but growth has slowed so its frowning time 16 Comments Masked men 'steal' £250k of smartphones from Exertis 170 iPhone 6s and 380 Samsung Galaxy S5 Neo mobes out the windows 15 Comments Anti-theft kill switches in smartphones just got a little less creepy US peeps now get more control over tracking and remote wipes 19 Comments Mozilla officially kills Firefox OS for smartphones in favour of 'Connected Devices' Version 2.6, expected in May, will be the last release 30 Comments It takes two to Tango: Lenovo bets on phabs, snap-on smartphones Don't expect products to converge any time soon, though 3 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Solving the right problem in the datacentre This white paper discusses the limitations of traditional cloud and virtualisation management. Securing Productivity in the Borderless Enterprise Before you transform your business with mobility services, you need to consider both the management and security challenges you’ll face from the combination of mobile devices and cloud-based apps. Email security guide The security industry has provided large businesses with effective email security solutions for many years. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Spotlight Virtual reality is actually made of smartphones Google may just have silently snuffed the tablet computer Brain plague or estate agents? I know which I'd prefer in Virtual Reality Self-stocking internet fridge faces a delivery come down My headset is reading my mind and talking behind my back 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back The sharks of AI will attack expensive and scarce workers faster than they eat drivers Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: NVIDIA Corporation Stock History: Why It's Growing and What Could Slow It Down NVIDIA's stock has soared on the company's ability to drive strong growth across all of its business segments -- but there are few things that could trip the company up. Chris Neiger (TMFNewsie) Oct 17, 2016 at 5:44PM Image source: Getty Images. NVIDIA's (NASDAQ:NVDA) stock run-up of 137% over the past 12 months has sparked immense interest in the company lately. But like many other companies, NVIDIA's stock has had a series of rise and falls over its 17-year history listed on the Nasdaq. To better understand the company and why it's experiencing big gains right now, let's take a look at what the company does and a brief analysis of whether or not the stock is a buy.  What NVIDIA does NVIDIA's two primary business segments are its sales of graphics processors, called GPUs, and its Tegra processors. Between these two segments the company then splits out its revenue business into four key markets: Gaming Professional visualization Data center Automotive Gaming is by far the company's most lucrative market, with company bringing in nearly 55% of its total revenue from gaming in fiscal Q2 2017. NVIDIA holds a dominant position in the gaming space, with its GPUs holding a 70% market share in discrete desktop GPU market share, leaving rival Advanced Micro Devices (NASDAQ:AMD) with just 30%.  Take a look:  Data source: Jon Peddie Research.  After gaming, the company's professional visualization segment brings in the next highest amount of revenue, representing about 15% of total revenue in Q2 2017. NVIDIA is steadily improving sales in this business as well, and revenue from professional visualization was up 22% year over year in Q2.  NVIDIA also supplies GPUs for automakers and its automotive segment brings in about 8% of the company's total revenue. NVIDIA is also a leader in the driverless car technology space with its Drive PX 2 supercomputer and its newly released Xavier system-on-a-chip (SoC). These technologies bring situational awareness to semi-autonomous cars by using NVIDIA's GPUs to process visual information.  And last but not least is NVIDIA's data center segment, which brought in about 6.8% of the company's total revenue in fiscal 2016. But data center revenue is growing quickly, and in Q2 2017, revenue improved nearly 110% year over year. It's worth mentioning that NVIDIA also brings in revenue from its original equipment manufacturer and intellectual property segment, which consists of lower-priced graphics cards as well as royalty payments from Intel (NASDAQ:INTC). It's the only NVIDIA business that's on the decline right now, but it should continue to be offset by growth from the company's other businesses. How NVIDIA stock has performed Historically, NVIDIA's stock price has seen a few jumps and drops over the past few years, but the price is seeing historic highs lately:  Data by YCharts. NVIDIA's recent gains have come from posting strong sales growth over the past few quarters, all while scoring more opportunities in new markets. Specifically, the prospects of virtual reality and driverless cars are likely fueling some of NVIDIA's stock gains lately.  The company's dominant position in the GPU gaming space should give the company a competitive advantage over Advanced Micro Devices in virtual reality (VR). NVIDIA recently expanded its VR reach with new graphics cards for VR-ready notebooks. And the company is looking to its cloud-computing technology to power VR computers down the road as well.   Additionally, many investors are looking to NVIDIA's Drive PX computer to fuel more revenue growth. NVIDIA already sells its semi-autonomous car technology to 80 automakers and Tier 1 suppliers, and a recent update to the company's driverless car SoC shows the company isn't backing off of its driverless car plans.  Can NVIDIA keep rising? There are a few signs indicating that NVIDIA could be in for some rougher waters ahead.  I wrote a few months ago that Intel's new Knights Landing cloud processors might eventually threaten NVIDIA, and since then Intel has put even more pressure on the company with the debut of its deep learning processor, Knights Mill. Intel says its processors are faster than NVIDIA's GPUs.  Investors should expect even more competition between these two companies going forward as they both look to get in edge in data centers and powering cloud computing. Additionally, recent news that Qualcomm might be buying NXP Semiconductors could chip away at NVIDIA's place in the driverless car market. I wrote back in May that NXP's off-the-shelf semi-autonomous system (called Bluebox) poses one of the biggest threats to NVIDIA in the driverless car space, and if Qualcomm snatches up NXP, then it will instantly be a major competitor with NVIDIA in the automotive semiconductor space.  And last but not certainly not least, NVIDIA's arch rival in GPUs, AMD, has managed to gain market share recently in the GPU market, and there's much more room for growth. AMD could also benefit from the growth of virtual reality. AMD supplies VR graphics cards for both computers and Sony's PlayStation 4. Sony could be poised to benefit from VR very soon, and AMD might ride the company's coattails there.  Investors looking for NVIDIA to keep up its skyrocketing stock price growth should keep all of this mind. It doesn't mean that NVIDIA's isn't still a great company, but rather that expectations for immediate returns should be kept in check.  Chris Neiger has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends NVIDIA, NXP Semiconductors, and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Chris Neiger (TMFNewsie) Chris has covered Tech and Telecom companies for The Motley Fool since 2012. Follow him on Twitter for the latest tech stock coverage. Follow @tmfnewsie Article Info Oct 17, 2016 at 5:44PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.91 up $0.43 (1.25%) Nvidia NASDAQ:NVDA $86.19 up $2.55 (3.05%) Advanced Micro Devices NASDAQ:AMD $6.97 up $0.18 (2.65%) Read More Why Shares of Globant SA Are Getting Crushed Today What NVIDIA's Blowout Quarter Says About AMD's Comeback Twitter's Executive Exodus Continues The Simple Reason Why Fitbit and GoPro Are Struggling Fitbit Doesn't Need a Buyout to Bounce Back Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Skip to main content Broadcasting and Cable TV Technology TVB Europe Next TV NYC Television Week More AV/PRO AUDIO AV-IQ AudioMedia.com AudioProInternational.com AVNetwork.com Installation-International.com MixOnline.com ProSoundNetwork.com PSNEurope.com ResidentialSystems.com BROADCAST/RADIO/TV/VIDEO Broadcast.it CreativePlanetNetwork.com GovernmentVideo.com Licensing.biz RadioMagOnline.com RadioWorld.com CONSUMER ELECTRONICS/GAMING BikeBiz.com Develop-Online.net MVCuk.com Mobile-ent.biz PCR-Online.biz Twice.com ToyNews-Online.biz EDUCATION Eduwire.com SchoolCIO.com TechLearning.com MUSIC BassPlayer.com Emusician.com GuitarAficionado.com GuitarPlayer.com GuitarWorld.com KeyboardMag.com MI-Pro.co.uk MusicWeek.com RevolverMag.com News Policy National Regulation State Laws/Franchising Courts FCC Distribution Cable Operators Telco TV Internet Video Satellite OTT Content Networks Programming Ratings Sports VOD TV Award Shows Finance Carriage Deals Retransmission Consent Transactions Stocks/Earning Research Advanced Advertising Addressable Digital Ad Insertion Programmatic Audience Measurement Technology SCTE Cable-Tec Expo Next TV TV Everywhere TV Apps Advanced Services Interactive TV HD TV 3D Virtual Reality Marketing Advertising Social Media Customer Service Multicultural Public Service INTX People Courts ACA Backs Cox in Liability Judgment Appeal By John Eggerton Nov 15, 2016 FCC FCC’s Wheeler Gets Pushback on Continued Agenda Push By John Eggerton Nov 15, 2016 Ratings Fox News, CNN Dominate Weekly Cable Ratings By R. Thomas Umstead Nov 15, 2016 TV Apps Google Freshens Up Fiber TV App By Jeff Baumgartner Nov 15, 2016 Demand Progress 'Bucks' Up for New Net-Neutrality Fight By John Eggerton Nov 15, 2016 Viacom Buys Argentine Broadcaster for $345M By Mike Farrell Nov 15, 2016 Blogs As I Was Saying Capital Letters MCN Guest Blog Mixed Signals My Turn On The Money Picture This The Bauminator Translation Please Community Picture This Holidays Come to TV Early By R. Thomas Umstead MCN Guest Blog Strengthening the Cord With Cause-and-Effect Analysis By Marek Polonski, APT Community MCN Online Extra -- Nov. 14, 2016 By MCN Staff Picture This Dan Rather Trumped Election Prognosticators By R. Thomas Umstead Daydream View Reviews Roll In By Jeff Baumgartner One Share, One Vote Is Fair By Edward Bleier, Media Industry Adviser Events Multichannel News Events Webinars Sponsored Webinars NYC TV & Video Week Diversity Discussion Dec 05, 2016 Images Videos Photos Freeze Frame -- Nov. 14, 2016 Nov 14, 2016 Freeze Frame -- Nov. 7, 2016 Nov 07, 2016 FREEZE FRAME -- OCT. 31, 2016 Oct 31, 2016 NYC TV & Video Week 2016 Oct 24, 2016 Tech Broadband Mobile The Bauminator Translation Please Video Voice Wireless Big Data Insights Broadband Videotron Sparks DOCSIS 3.1 Deployment By Jeff Baumgartner Nov 15, 2016 Next TV Comcast Streamlines X1 Video Playback By Jeff Baumgartner Nov 15, 2016 TV Apps Google Freshens Up Fiber TV App By Jeff Baumgartner Nov 15, 2016 Policy Demand Progress 'Bucks' Up for New Net-Neutrality Fight By John Eggerton Nov 15, 2016 Subscribe Subscribe All Access Login Newsletter Digital Edition Customer Service Current Issue Archive Facebook Twitter Rss Search Search News1 Back To Main All News Policy Back To NEWS All Policy National Regulations State Laws/Frachising Courts FCC Distribution Back To NEWS All Distribution Cable Operators Telco TV Internet Video Satellite OTT Content Back To NEWS All Content Networks Programming Ratings Sports VOD Finance Back To NEWS All Finance Carriage Deals Retransmission Content Transactions Stocks/Earnings Research Marketing Back To NEWS All Marketing Advertising Social Media Customer Service Multicultural Technology Back To NEWS All Technology Broadband Wireless Video Mobile Voice TV Everywhere Back To NEWS All TV Everywhere TV Apps Advanced Services Interactive TV HD TV 3D Blogs Back To Main All BLOGS As I Was Saying Capital Letters MCN Guest Blog Mixed Signals My Turn On the Money Picture This Reynolds Rap The Bauminator Translation Please Viewpoint Events Back To Main All Events Multichannel Events Webinars Industry Calendar Cable TV Conventions TV Awrds Shows Images Back To Main All Images Videos Photos Tech Back To Main Broadband Mobile The Bauminator Translation Please Video Voice Wireless Subscribe Back To Main Subscibe All Access Login Newsletters Digital Edition Customer Service Current Issue Archive Search Oct 17 2016 Sponsored Sponsored By: Three Ways That Harmonic CableOS™ Fundamentally Changes the Economics of Operating a Cable Access Network To maintain a competitive edge, cable operators need a simpler, faster way to add capacity. 10/17/2016 4:03 PM Eastern By: Harmonic With the rising demand for high-speed broadband services such as OTT streaming, video on demand, time-shift TV and cloud DVR, the future has never been brighter for cable operators. Adding these capabilities is essential to a cable operator’s business growth, but the associated requirements for real estate and power and cooling costs can be prohibitive. Moreover, a traditional cable delivery infrastructure rooted in hardware lacks the agility needed to launch new services quickly and cost-effectively, due to the time and expense required to add the necessary equipment and capacity.   To maintain a competitive edge, cable operators need a simpler, faster way to add capacity. The solution must be efficient and scalable, resolving operators’ space and power constraints in the headend and hub while simplifying future upgrades.   Recently, Harmonic introduced CableOS™, the industry’s first software-based Converged Cable Access Platform (CCAP). Featuring software-based Cable Modem Termination System (CMTS) running on an off-the-shelf, 1-RU Intel® server, the first end-to-end Remote PHY system, and leading RF port density, CableOS provides cable operators with three major benefits.   Substantial Cost Savings A single CableOS Core server offers a quantum leap forward in its ability to support tens of gigs of capacity and multiple service groups in fewer rack units when compared with traditional hardware CMTS implementations.   While hardware-based CCAPs typically require nine racks of equipment to support 80 service groups, CableOS allows operators to support more than 250 service groups in just four racks — a 7X density difference! With CableOS, operators can reduce space and power costs by up to 75 percent in a centralized CCAP deployment, or by more than 90 percent in a Remote PHY deployment – resulting in significant CAPEX savings.   In addition to the space and power savings associated with moving RF components out of the headend and into the field, decoupling the CCAP core from the PHY in a Remote PHY architecture enables operators to leverage the benefits of digital fiber, such as signal transport over much longer distances and more wavelengths.   Greater Agility As a software-based solution, CableOS leverages COTS Intel processor-based servers to provide operators will all of the advantages associated with IT economics and Moore’s Law. With CableOS, regular software upgrades accelerate the introduction of new features, such as high-layer DOCSIS 3.1 capabilities. Operators no longer need to purchase space-consuming, power-hungry and expensive hardware-based CMTS platforms, and can break away from the cycle of needing to upgrade hardware every few years to accommodate capacity growth requirements.   Unprecedented Scalability CableOS delivers the ability to efficiently scale up capacity and service groups over time, as well as supporting a range of sites, from the smallest to the largest. Operators can instantly grow their infrastructure from supporting a few service groups to more than a hundred on a single CableOS server. Capacity is gained simply by adding additional 1-RU servers.   CableOS: The Latest Innovation in Cable Access Infrastructure For operators wanting sustainable capacity growth over the long term, CableOS is the solution, enabling the migration to multi-gigabit broadband capacity and the fast deployment of DOCSIS 3.1 data, video and voice services.   A short video on CableOS, as well as a solution brief is available at www.harmonicinc.com/solutions/software-based-ccap. Further information about Harmonic is available at www.harmonicinc.com.    TAGS: Harmonic    cableOS    Share This Post View the discussion thread. PR Feed: ‘The Trans List,’ Exploring The Lives Of A Diverse Group Of Transgender Americans, Debuts Dec. 5 Exclusively On HBO Who Knew Payback Could Look So Good? E!’S “Revenge Body With Khloé Kardashian” Premieres Thursday, January 12th At 8pm Et/Pt Renowned Art + Technology Company The Artery Launches Experiential Arm and Names Yaron Tsinman, Creative Director Archion's Ultra High Performance EditStor Omni Media Storage Certified for Blackmagic Design's DaVinci Resolve and DaVinci Resolve Studio: Facilis TerraBlock at work on Canadian family drama series Backstage Eutelsat and Broadpeak Combine Skills for Satellite Delivery of Live TV and VOD to Mobile Devices Kaltura Integrates with Stripe FLEX Creative Acquires Noted Marketing, Promotions and Production Company SuchAGoodDog: AlticeUSA/Cablevision & CATV-TI partner Cisco Showcases Data-Sharing Digital Platform at Smart City Expo World Congress 2016 Newsletter Signup Free E-Newsletters Subscribe to our FREE eNewsletters Talkback Trending View All → FCC Takes Aim at DirecTV Now PlayStation Vue Offers Big 4 Broadcast TV Feeds in All O&O Markets What A&E Wants You to Know About ‘Live PD’ PlayStation Vue Dropping Viacom Channels Roger Keating Named Hearst TV Chief Strategy Officer Related Stories Harmonic Cable Edge Business Slumps in Q3 as MSOs Pivot Jeff Baumgartner - 11/10/2016 10:30:00 AM America/New_York Highlighting cable’s coming shift toward more virtualized, Harmonic Stock Sings After Comcast Warrant Deal Mike Farrell - 9/28/2016 05:19:00 PM America/New_York Harmonic shares flirted with a new 52-week high Wednesday, Harmonic, Comcast Strike Warrant Agreement Jeff Baumgartner - 9/28/2016 08:17:00 AM America/New_York Harmonic has joined a growing group of vendors to ink Subscribe Now Events See All Events → December Diversity Discussion Dec 05, 2016 Convene,&nbspNew York,&nbspNY Freeze Frame Freeze Frame -- Nov. 14, 2016 Freeze Frame -- Nov. 7, 2016 FREEZE FRAME -- OCT. 31, 2016 NYC TV & Video Week 2016 Freeze Frame -- Oct. 17, 2016 Cable-Tec Expo 2016 -- Tuesday, Sept. 27 Cable-Tec Expo 2016 -- Monday, Sept. 26 Freeze Frame -- Sept. 12, 2016 See All → New DJI Drones Geared Toward Broadcasters, Filmmakers NBC Universal Names Nygren VP Live Entertainment CCA Urges FCC to Stick With 39-Month Repack Timeline Sen. Thune Asks FCC's Wheeler to Avoid Controversial Votes Syndication Ratings: 'Judge Judy' Evades Pre-Election Week Declines NextRadio Chooses National Sales Director Merging Technologies Brings In Nicolas Sturmel Introducing FM Class C4 Bangladesh Betar Chooses GatesAir for Phase II of HD Rollout Samsung Bets Big on the Connected Car With Harman Deal All the Chatter on 'Billy Lynn's Long Halftime Walk' 2016 DCS Post Production Expo, Nov. 19, L.A. More & Better Pixels: How NASA Plans to Use HDR, 4K, VR to Take Everyone Along for the Ride to Mars Here's a Thorough Look at the New MacBook Pro Sparks Fly in Colorful New Flaming Lips Music Video For-A Wins Tech Emmy for FT-One GOP Lawmakers Urge FCC Regulatory Freeze NAB's Smith: 3.0 is Crucial to Local Broadcast Disney Research Creates Keying Algorithm, AI See 'n Say U.K. Broadcasters Just Say 'No' to Videotape News Blogs Events Images Subscribe About Us Contact Us Advertise Editorial Calendar Privacy Policy Site Map Terms of Use Ad Choices Subscribe RSS Feeds All Access Log In Newsletters Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2016 by NewBay Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved. 28 East 28th Street, 12th floor, New York, NY 10016 T (212) 378-0400 F (212) 378-0470 News Blogs Events Images Subscribe Other NewBay Media Brands Broadcastingcable.com Twice.com CreativePlanetNetwork TV Technology MORE Copyright 2014 by NewBay Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved. 28 East 28th Street, 12th floor, New York, NY 10016 T (212) 378-0400 F (212) 378-0470
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV October 17 GOOG: 779.96 1.43 Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Ben Schoon - 4 weeks ago @NexusBen Feature Android Lenovo Lenovo Yoga Book View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit At IFA 2016, Lenovo had a lot of fun new products to show us such as the Moto Z Play, a few new laptops, and a new Moto Mod as well. The biggest thing that was revealed however was a new tablet, the YOGA Book. WHAT MAKES THE YOGA BOOK SPECIAL? | The YOGA Book is unlike any tablet we’ve ever seen before. It takes the idea of a 2-in-1 tablet, like the Pixel C, and puts a new spin on it. Like many of the company’s past Windows laptops, the YOGA Book has a 360-degree “watchband” hinge which holds everything together. On one side, a 10-inch display, on the other, the future, but we’ll get into that later. HARDWARE | The first thing you’ll notice about the YOGA Book is the hardware ─ it’s stunning. The all-metal build feels great and, like the name implies, it looks like an actual notebook. It’s very well-built and screams quality, but it’s not perfect. My biggest complaint about the hardware is the hinge. It looks great, but if you hold the device in portrait mode, something I do often for reading, the hinge sometimes gets in the way. This, of course, is a pretty minor complaint, and that should say a lot about the hardware on this device. Lenovo nailed it. Another thing to note is that Lenovo opted to use microUSB on this device. While it works fine, USB C would have been a far better choice, especially given the focus on productivity. SOFTWARE, SPECS, & PERFORMANCE | As for software, I spent my time, of course, with the Android-powered YOGA Book. Lenovo has Android Marshmallow running out of the box, with a fairly heavy skin on board. The “Book UI” is certainly different, but on this hardware it makes all the sense in the world. Lenovo has changed the launcher to lack an app drawer, but you can still access the app drawer since it’s now constantly docked to the navigation bar. Recent apps also gets a makeover, and a big change as well. While you can press the multi-tasking button to see all active apps, you can also tap on the app’s icon on the navigation bar. These changes make the YOGA Book a viable option for productivity. Further, Lenovo also added multi-window, accessed by double tapping the status bar. Right now this is limited to only a handful of apps, such as Gmail and Chrome, but when the device gets Android Nougat, I’m sure things will get better. There are also a handful of extra shortcuts in the quick settings menu. Powering the YOGA Book is a Quad-core Intel x5 Z8550 processor, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage with a microSD card slot. Despite the heavy skin, the YOGA Book doesn’t suffer from any notable performance issues. I noticed a handful of times where performance was a bit choppy, but overall I was satisfied. This slideshow requires JavaScript. DISPLAY | The 10.1-inch display on the YOGA Book is an IPS panel at 1920×1080. The display is fine with good brightness and viewing angles, but I feel it would have benefited from a higher resolution. Overall though, there’s nothing to complain about. Just because it has to be said though, that bezel… THE OTHER ‘DISPLAY’ | What really sets the YOGA Book apart, however, is its other half. This extra panel has two functions, one to act as a keyboard, the other as a touchpad for the included stylus, so let’s talk about those one at a time. Halo Keyboard This is a 2-in-1 device, but Lenovo has a unique take on the keyboard. Instead of using traditional keys, there’s nothing more than a capacitive panel which Lenovo calls the “Halo Keyboard.” The concept is pretty simple ─ backlighting on the panel shows where the keys are and you use it as a typical keyboard. It has an anti-glare coating and Gorilla Glass 3 to provide a better feel, but the real question is how the typing experience really is. The short answer, surprisingly decent. At first, I had a lot of trouble getting used to the keyboard, resulting in plenty of typos. Over a couple of days, though, I got a bit more used to it. I still don’t type as quickly as I do on a standard keyboard, but I can easily type on it, including the entirety of this review. The biggest reason why this touch typing experience works is the haptic feedback. While this doesn’t compare to what Apple has been doing with 3D Touch buttons and trackpads, it is quite good. Speaking of the trackpad, it’s probably the worst part of the experience. It works for certain small tasks, but overall it’s pretty terrible. Touchpad & Stylus The other function of this second panel is to act as a touchpad, which Lenovo call the “Create Pad,” for the included stylus. This touchpad uses Wacom technology with 100-degree angle detection and supports 2048 levels of pressure sensitivity. Long story short, you can use it for taking notes or drawing. Out of the box the pen comes with a Wacom stylus tip which can be used on the touchpad on its own. To activate it, simply hit the pen icon on the top right of the touchpad. This will automatically open a notepad for the pen which can be used for drawing or note taking. It works very well, but my favorite part is that you can use actual paper to take notes as well. Simply place the included notepad over the “Create Pad” and swap the stylus tip for a pen tip, three of which are included in the box. To do that, take the cap off of the pen, use the hole on pen to remove the stylus, then insert the new tip. Once you’ve done that, use the pen on the paper as you like and everything written on the paper will automatically be transferred to the tablet. The included “Paper Book” works best with the YOGA Book, and 20 refills are included, but you can use it with any A5 sized paper. The pen can also be refilled with any mini-ballpoint ink tip. BATTERY LIFE |  Embedded within the YOGA Book is an 8,500 mAh battery, recharged over microUSB. Battery life was pretty decent, but not outstanding by any means. Standby battery life was good, but if you’re using the tablet heavily, you’re going to need to charge it at least every other day, if not every day. On average I could get about 6 hours of screen on time over the course of two days before hitting 10-20%. FINAL THOUGHTS | Overall, the Lenovo YOGA Book is a fantastic device. It’s a new take on the tablet form factor, and I really like it. This kind of technology is what we’ll see in the future, like it or not, and the YOGA Book is a great start. The company has future plans to add this technology to other devices, including a Chromebook, and I’ll be interested to see what’s in store… WHERE TO BUY | Right now the YOGA Book is only available for purchase from Lenovo, but it should be headed to other retailers in the near future. Pricing for the Android variant lands at $499, and I’ve got to say that’s a solid price for what you’re getting. YOGA Book @ Lenovo Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide Lenovo View THe Guide Lenovo Yoga Book View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu PRACTICAL ADVICE Getting real on diversity in tech: Three tactics that will actually make a change Written by Lauren Alix Brown Obsession The Office October 17, 2016 Leading the change. (Michael Short) Share Written by Lauren Alix Brown Obsession The Office October 17, 2016 On Oct. 13, at Quartz’s The Next Billion conference in San Francisco, I had the privilege of moderating a panel on diversity in tech with Kimberly Bryant, the founder of Black Girls Code, and Kate Mitchell, a co-founder of Scale Venture Partners. Panelists like these notwithstanding, the tech industry is powered largely by white men, from developers and product managers all the way up to founders, CEOs, and the venture capitalists who fund them. Even when big companies like Intel and Facebook put forth efforts to change their hiring and career-retention processes, change is slow to come. Mitchell and Bryant offered insight into the tactics they use to make tech more inclusive. Here are three that we can all learn from, and apply in any industry sector: Take the risk to talk candidly about diversity Mitchell spoke about the importance of taking risks in the way that we speak about diversity. “That risk that you all have to take, for men, [is] learning to ask questions,” says Mitchell. “I say to men, I learned, to sit down in the communities of color. ‘Is it Latino/Latina or is it Hispanic? What is the right phraseology I should use?’ ‘Is it black or African American?’ Take those risks so that we begin to talk about it … and build those bridges and get it out of the closet.” AT&T CEO Randall Stephenson implied something similar in a recent speech to employees when he said, “Our communities are being destroyed by racial tensions. And we’re too polite to talk about it.” Implement fact-based hiring It’s easy to focus on hiring from within our own networks. But this often doesn’t yield diversity. “[I]f we don’t take this very intentional approach to diversity, then it won’t happen as we’re building our companies,” Bryant said. Even then, there are pitfalls, because of the biases of the people doing the hiring. (An example Mitchell used is: “I might not have asked every candidate the same questions.”) One way to get around this is to insist on “fact-based” hiring, so that you are comparing candidates fairly. Mitchell cited tools like HackerRank and Unitive that facilitate fact-based hiring. Bryant also promoted the idea. “We use these tools in our hiring as well, it’s expensive for us to use this particular tool that we do use [Plum.io] but I want to at least get through the first phase of interviews with some very fact-based, data-driven measures to be able to segment my pool.” Mitchell suggested breaking down hiring analytics into smaller segments as a better way to tackle the issue. For instance, look specifically at your company’s new engineer hires, or at the experiences of black employees who are leaving your company, rather than trying to digest big-picture numbers that often don’t get to the root of the issues or reveal changes. Recognize that there is a time and place for quotas Bryant pointed out that there isn’t a one-size-fits-all solution for companies. Startups that are building a diverse company from day one are in a different position than older companies that need to revamp the makeup of their staff. Their strategies shouldn’t be the same. Bryant said: “I think that if companies build for diversity from the beginning from the ground up, that’s definitely the ideal state for how to build diversity into your company. But if you’re a more mature company that’s been around for 10 years, 20 years, 30 years, and you’re still having diversity issues I think a more targeted effort that may involve setting a quota or number for the number of hires you’re going to attract over a period of time is a good solution. I don’t think quotas are necessarily an evil. I think when we look at industry in general back to the ’60s and the ’50s, the way more diverse people like my dad and mom’s generation were able to break into industry was because of affirmation action, because of quotas. But that doesn’t mean we undervalue the quality of the individual coming into work. That was just opening up opportunities to people who didn’t have those opportunities in the past.” Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: This Rival To GoPro's Karma Doesn't Require FAA Registration Will Zero Zero Robotics’ Hover Camera Passport leave GoPro’s Karma behind a major tech curve? Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Oct 17, 2016 at 2:50PM Zero Zero Robotics recently unveiled the Hover Camera Passport, a foldable drone which hovers automatically to capture pictures and video after being released. The device, which can be controlled with a smartphone app, uses a combination of AI, sonar, and a downward viewing camera to capture the subject. It can also be programmed to circle a subject to create a 360-degree wraparound video. Image source: Zero Zero Robotics. The $600 drone is much cheaper than GoPro's (NASDAQ:GPRO) $800 Karma drone, which lacks a built-in camera. The bundle, which includes the Hero 5 Session, costs $1,000, while the one with the Hero 5 Black costs $1,100. Like the Karma, the Hover Camera Passport films 4K video, but it weighs a mere 242 grams -- eight grams below the FAA's registration threshold of 250 grams for consumer drones. The Karma, which weighs 1,006 grams on its own, must be registered with the FAA. Should GoPro be worried? GoPro cameras are popular among athletes and outdoor enthusiasts, but converting mainstream consumers -- who mainly use smartphones to take pictures and videos -- has been difficult. With the Karma, GoPro targets an even smaller niche market of affluent aerial photographers. To match the consensus estimate of $676.5 million in sales for its fourth quarter -- which would represent 55% annual growth -- GoPro must sell about 850,000 stand-alone Karmas or 620,000 Karma/Hero 5 Black bundles. That's a very lofty target, since DJI Innovations, the biggest drone maker in the world, only sold around one million drones last year. Image source: GoPro. The Karma's "killer feature" initially appeared to be its portability when it was unveiled last month. Unlike DJI's flagship Phantom drones, the Karma could be folded and easily carried in a backpack. But shortly afterwards, DJI unveiled the Mavic Pro, a smaller foldable drone which is both lighter and cheaper than the Karma. It also automatically tracks and follows the user -- something the Karma can't do. Zero Zero Robotics' Hover Camera Passport is lighter and cheaper than both the Karma and Mavic Pro, and has a form factor which could be more easily embraced by smartphone users. The lack of FAA registration requirements also removes another annoyance for mainstream shoppers. Did GoPro just get blindsided? GoPro seemed to be so focused on competing with DJI that it ignored the growing demand for "throw and go" hovering cameras. In late 2014, a tiny "selfie drone" called Nixie won the $500,000 grand prize at Intel's (NASDAQ:INTC) Make it Wearable competition. The tiny drone, which is powered by Intel's Edison chip, initially clings to a user's wrist, but can unfold and take off to capture photos and videos at a distance. The Nixie isn't commercially available yet, but it inspired other start-ups to develop similar devices. Lily, a start-up which was developing a larger "throw and go" camera drone with auto-follow features, racked up $34 million in pre-orders by the end of 2015. Another start-up, Staaker, is also taking pre-orders for an auto-follow drone which costs about $1,200. The Hover Camera Passport seemingly represents an evolution of those ideas, as it turns drone cameras into lightweight "flying selfie sticks". While it's unclear if the Passport will work as advertised, its form factor could convince other companies to produce similar devices which weigh less than 250 grams -- making GoPro's "portable" Karma look very bulky. The holiday quarter could be disappointing GoPro has high hopes for the holiday quarter, which it claims will return the company to quarterly profitability after four consecutive quarters of losses. But there are ominous signs on the horizon. Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) recently halted sales of the Hero 5, reportedly due to a pricing dispute between the two companies. Apple is also showcasing DJI's Phantom 4 and Mavic Pro at its stores with big displays and in-store training sessions -- which will steal a lot of thunder from GoPro's Karma. Lastly, tiny hovering cameras like the Hover Camera Passport could steal away casual users who simply want to play with flying selfie sticks without learning how to fly a drone. Therefore, investors hoping that the Karma and Hero 5 will lift GoPro back to profitability during the holidays should heed these headwinds and take the company's promises with a grain of salt.   Leo Sun owns shares of Amazon.com. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon.com, Apple, and GoPro. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Leo is a Tech and Consumer Goods Specialist who has covered the crossroads of Wall Street and Silicon Valley since 2012. His wheelhouse includes cloud, IoT, analytics, telecom, and gaming related businesses. Follow him on Twitter for more updates! Follow @TMFSunLion Article Info Oct 17, 2016 at 2:50PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.91 up $0.43 (1.25%) Amazon.com NASDAQ:AMZN $743.24 up $24.17 (3.36%) GoPro NASDAQ:GPRO $10.14 down $0.21 (-2.03%) Read More Why GoPro Stopped Selling the Hero 5 on Amazon.com Can GoPro Stock Keep Going After Last Week's 10% Pop? Why GoPro, Inc. Stock Plunged, Then Recovered Today The 2 Most Wildly Overvalued Stocks in Virtual Reality Is Now the Time to Buy Ambarella, Inc. Stock? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x

null
Login _ Welcome to TechSpot Why should I register? Sign up for a new account or log in here: Forgot your password? Couldn't sign you in, please try again. Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Google+ Twitter YouTube Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Reviews Graphics Gears of War 4 Benchmarked: Graphics & CPU Performance By Steven Walton on October 17, 2016 TechSpot Popular 57 comments CEO loses his job after posting that he will kill Donald Trump 24 comments The Best Smartphones: Google nails it QNAP TS-853A Review: NAS does QTS + Linux combo Google's new PhotoScan app makes it easy to bring your prints into the digital world The Best Laptops: Ultraportables, Workstations & Gaming 64 comments China says it will cut iPhone sales if Trump follows through on his trade war promise Nvidia GeForce 375.86 drivers are Game Ready for Steep 25 comments Retailers reveal the price of the Nintendo Switch Index Article Index Gears of War 4 Benchmarked: Ultra Doesn't Always Mean Ultra Benchmarks: 1080p & 1440p Performance Benchmarks: 4K Performance CPU Performance Async Compute & Closing Thoughts 299 Facebook Twitter Google Plus RSS Comments Besides being one of the year's biggest blockbuster games, the arrival of Gears of War 4 a few days ago is especially exciting for a number of reasons: Windows/Xbox cross-platform multiplayer, the exclusion of older DirectX APIs, the use Unreal Engine 4 versus UE3, and for the simple fact that this is the first GoW title developed outside of Epic Games. Gears of War 4 is DX12-only, meaning the game has been built from the ground up to leverage this low-level API on both the PC and Xbox versions, and considering developer 'The Coalition' is a subsidiary of Microsoft, it should come as no surprise that they worked together on incorporating the technology, nor that Epic Games assisted in allowing Gears of War 4 to take full advantage of UE4's DX12 support. It's said that DX12 has increased performance thanks to more direct control over the hardware, simplifying the driver layer, and allowing the developer to make fully informed decisions on how to optimally manage graphics resources. In an effort to figure out performance, we've thrown not 20 or even 30 graphics cards at this title, but 40 -- 41 to be exact. Because Gears of War 4 only supports DX12, it's exclusive to Windows 10 and sadly at this point can only be purchased through the clunky Windows Store, a rubbish alternative to popular services such as Steam (it had to be said...). In fact, gamers require the latest version of Windows 10 with Anniversary Update and it must be the 64-bit version. On top of that, your system's hardware needs to be pretty decent as well. The developer suggests at least a Core i5 (Haswell) or AMD FX-6300 (in other words a quad-core processor), 8GB of system memory, 2GB of VRAM on either the GeForce GTX 750 Ti or Radeon R7 260X. Oh, and you need 80GB of drive space! Again, those are only the minimum requirements to play the game, so what if you intend to enjoy it in all of its glory? In an effort to figure that out, we've thrown not 20 or even 30 graphics cards at this title, but 40 -- 41 to be exact. As the cherry on top, we've also tested a number of Intel and AMD chips to see the impact processors have on performance. As usual, we've published a separate piece for gameplay commentary, but having been well received thus far, you might say this marks a new beginning of sorts for the franchise. Testing Methodology Our job has been made quite a bit easier thanks to Gears of War 4's built-in benchmark. The test runs for roughly 90 seconds and we found it to be an accurate representation of actual gameplay performance. Since the game appears to be well optimized, we didn't test a heap of quality presets for this title and instead we focused on getting every graphics card we could. The 'Ultra' preset was used and async compute along with tiled resources were enabled. The ultra preset was re-applied after every resolution change as some of the options seem to revert back to recommended settings upon a resolution switch. Speaking of resolution, we also tested at 1080p, 1440p and 4K. The latest AMD and Nvidia graphics drivers were used for testing and for those wondering, multi-GPU technology isn't supported at this time. Test System Specs Intel Core i7-6700K (4.50GHz) 8GBx4 Kingston Predator DDR4-3000 Asrock Z170 Extreme7+ (Intel Z170) Silverstone Strider 700w PSU Crucial MX200 1TB Microsoft Windows 10 Pro 64-bit Nvidia GeForce 373.06 WHQL AMD Crimson Edition 16.10.1 Hotfix Radeon RX 480 (8192MB) Radeon RX 470 (4096MB) Radeon RX 460 (4096MB) Radeon R9 Fury X (4096MB) Radeon R9 Fury (4096MB) Radeon R9 Nano (4096MB) Radeon R9 390X (8192MB) Radeon R9 390 (8192MB) Radeon R9 380X (4096MB) Radeon R9 380 (2048MB) Radeon R7 360 (2048MB) Radeon R9 290X (4096MB) Radeon R9 290 (4096MB) Radeon R9 285 (2048MB) Radeon R9 280X (3072MB) Radeon R9 280 (3072MB) Radeon R9 270X (2048MB) Radeon R9 270 (2048MB) Radeon HD 7970 GHz (3072MB) Radeon HD 7970 (3072MB) Radeon HD 7950 Boost (3072MB) Radeon HD 7950 (3072MB) Radeon HD 7870 (2048MB) Nvidia Titan X (12288MB) GeForce GTX 1080 (8192MB) GeForce GTX 1070 (8192MB) GeForce GTX 1060 (6144MB) GeForce GTX 1060 (3072MB) GeForce GTX Titan (6144MB) GeForce GTX 980 Ti (6144MB) GeForce GTX 980 (4096MB) GeForce GTX 970 (4096MB) GeForce GTX 960 (2048MB) GeForce GTX 950 (2048MB) GeForce GTX 780 Ti (3072MB) GeForce GTX 780 (3072MB) GeForce GTX 770 (2048MB) GeForce GTX 760 (2048MB) GeForce GTX 750 Ti (2048MB) GeForce GTX 680 (2048MB) GeForce GTX 660 Ti (2048MB) Ultra Doesn't Always Mean Ultra Something I noticed when testing many GPUs was the difference in image quality, despite the settings remaining the same. Forcing the settings to ultra, there were still distinct differences between the 3GB and 6GB versions of Nvidia's GeForce GTX 1060 for example. The character resolution seemed lower at times on the 3GB model. It was almost like a different anti-aliasing method was being used. The characters would appear blurrier and feature lower textures. The environments would often feature lower quality textures as well, less lighting and lower quality shadows. Here are a few examples between the 3GB and 6GB 1060 models: I admit the close up of this screen doesn't make the difference super obvious, but the GTX 1060 6GB is showing a slight shadow over the green support while there is no shadow at all for the 3GB card. This is easier to spot when looking at the screenshot in its entirety. Here you can see that the character is clearly softer/blurrier on the 3GB 1060. Now let's look at a 2GB vs 4GB comparison with the RX 460. The first example isn't exactly day and night but the 4GB texturing is better than what we see on the 2GB model. This shot shows a distinct difference between the two RX 460 models, the 4GB version is clearly providing a superior image with much greater texture and shadow detail. Now, we're well aware that the GTX 1060 and RX 460 are in no way competitors, so please calm yourselves fans of the red team. The purpose here, since we have already looked at these two cards, was to see what kind of image quality difference there is between a 3GB GeForce to a 2GB Radeon graphics card. Again, they are not competitors and don't occupy the same price brackets. Here we see that the 3GB 1060 provides much more detail over the 2GB RX 460, just as the 4GB RX 460 did. However, it is interesting to note that there is significantly more shadow detail on the Nvidia graphics card, this is also true when compared to the 4GB RX 460. With limited VRAM and a dynamic environment, it's difficult to accurately compare the two and texture pop-ins make this even harder. With the character staring at the same scene for a minute we compared screenshots and you can see that the 3GB card can house more texture information. This makes Gears of War 4 hard to test GPU performance-wise, as two GPUs can deliver similar performance though one might offer better image quality. Keeping that in mind let's check out the performance numbers… Next Page Benchmarks: 1080p & 1440p Performance Article Index Gears of War 4 Benchmarked: Ultra Doesn't Always Mean Ultra Benchmarks: 1080p & 1440p Performance Benchmarks: 4K Performance CPU Performance Async Compute & Closing Thoughts Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2016 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
Menu asia times EST 1995 Technology | The Hollywood bombshell behind new, life-changing technology Share Tweet Linkedin Print Email Like Follow Follow Subscribe To The Daily Brief Search Main Business Politics Insights More Culture China South Asia About Us Search TheBrief Main Latest 16-11-2016 14:45 When Chinese voters go to the polls, it is only to pick local representatives to advise on mundane issues like rubbish collection and parking. But when Ye Jinghua sought election in Beijing, she was treated like an enemy of the state. (Ben Dooley) 16-11-2016 12:47 There are growing expectations that the US will join the China-led Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank following Donald Trump's election as president. (Asia Times and agencies) 16-11-2016 12:14 Donald Trump’s election campaign painted US defense commitments as a bad deal for Americans; Canberra is now split on where its relationship with Washington stands. (John Power) 16-11-2016 11:02 Donald Trump’s surprise win in the US presidential election is adding fire to a simmering campaign in Congress to oppose all Chinese takeovers of US companies on national security grounds. (Doug Tsuruoka) 16-11-2016 10:24 With the debate still raging on just how safe e-cigarettes are, tobacco advocates accuse the world health body of ignoring their voices and rushing to regulate the industry (Jackie Horne) 16-11-2016 10:20 Asian shares rode a rally in Wall Street equities as the sell-off in global bonds and sharp gains in the dollar paused, at least for now (Reuters) 16-11-2016 09:57 Incoming President Donald Trump would be looking at a more rigorous process for the Treasury's report on which countries manipulate their currencies, says a South Korean official (Reuters) 16-11-2016 09:19 Premier Li Keqiang says he is confident the country can hit its economic targets this year as indicators have been better that expected (Lin Wanxia and Benny Kung) 16-11-2016 02:33 Not even an isolationist America would dare abandon Asia (Emanuele Scimia) 15-11-2016 21:38 Li Yuan-chia’s art retrospective comes to London (Sarah Reeve, Curator) 15-11-2016 21:30 The blood of my nation (Jennifer Fenton, Family Therapist) 15-11-2016 20:29 With TPP dying, will the US maintain its Asia-Pacific role? (Salman Rafi) 15-11-2016 18:25 Trump’s triumph and the end of American supremacy (Xuan Loc Doan) 15-11-2016 18:04 The Asian Box Office: China's new film law is spreading jitters about the future, while Hollywood continues to hold sway over the present. Elsewhere, the region's films put up a stiff fight. (Russell Edwards) 15-11-2016 18:02 Beijing is the best Asian city in which to make money, expats say. (Johan Nylander) 15-11-2016 17:24 India's shock decision to take high denomination notes out of circulation last week and impose curbs on daily bank withdrawals has badly hit economic activity in all sectors across the country. (Asia Times staff) 15-11-2016 17:16 As protests against the presidency of South Korea's Park Geun Hye mount, there is little sign of her going quickly or quietly. The result is a crippling stalemate. (Shim Jae Hoon) 15-11-2016 16:42 A Hong Kong court on Tuesday disqualified two pro-independence lawmakers from taking office, ruling their oath of allegiance invalid, a ruling in step with Beijing which last week intervened in the city's legal system after street protests. (Agence France-Presse) 15-11-2016 15:30 Andrea Oschetti used to be a senior manager at PricewaterhouseCoopers, But an alertness to the passing of time has launched him into a world where his name card now reads 'dream maker.' (Samantha Kuok Leese) 15-11-2016 13:40 China's Education Ministry has announced it will roll out new assessment standards and tests, linked to international models, for English ability. (Lin Wanxia) 15-11-2016 13:03 As  China strives to lead the world in innovation and business, evidence suggests that the role of English will be key. (Johan Nylander) 15-11-2016 12:05 The seventh annual report on global sports salaries finds that football's Chinese Super League, now the world's 12th highest-paying sports league, is the most "star heavy" in terms of wage distribution. (Kenny Hodgart) 15-11-2016 11:32 China's property markets are facing increasing curbs on speculators so could this be driving funds into garlic? Prices of the vegetable, an essential in Chinese cooking, have soared more than 90% (Nikkei Asian Review) 15-11-2016 10:21 Donald Trump’s election victory is blamed for a sudden spike in bond yields, with expectations of the issuance of more government debt to fund spending plans. But the US isn’t the only giant world economy subject to rising growth expectations. (David P. Goldman) 15-11-2016 09:26 China will categorise local government debt risk into four to allow for faster response to provinces falling behind in payment of principal and interest, reported the Shanghai Securities Journal (Lin Wanxia and Poo Yee Kai) 14-11-2016 18:51 Trump could put the US economy back on track (David P. Goldman, Columnist) 14-11-2016 18:22 Critics say Breitbart now has the potential to play an unprecedented role in a modern presidency, as a weaponized media adjunct for the White House. (New York Times) 14-11-2016 17:33 Trump’s temptations for war in Asia (Francesco Sisci, Columnist) 14-11-2016 17:05 Singaporeans are now among the world's top English speakers, according to newly-published global rankings. Hong Kong, meanwhile, has dropped below Malaysia, the Philippines, India, South Korea and even France. (Johan Nylander) 14-11-2016 16:32 Hong Kong lawmaker Claudia Mo Man-ching has quit the pro-democracy Civic Party, of which she was a founding member in 2006 but will continue to serve as an independent democrat with 'Hong Kong First.' (Hong Kong Free Press) the brief TechnologyInternet of Things The Hollywood bombshell behind new, life-changing technology By Raja Murthy October 18, 2016 12:33 AM (UTC+8) Share Tweet Linkedin Print Email Share 0 Comment 0 Asia Times is not responsible for the opinions, facts or any media content presented by contributors. In case of abuse, click here to report. At age 27 and at peak of her Hollywood career in 1941, enigmatic actress Hedy Lamarr patented an invention to protect Allied secret military communications from Nazi interception. Decades later, her ‘frequency hopping’ concept became the ‘spread spectrum’ technology in wireless communication widely serving the world through cell phones, Wi-Fi, and now through ‘Internet of Things’ (IoT). Hedy Lamarr in publicity photo for Comrade X, 1940. Via Wikimedia Commons Kevin Ashton, credited for the term ‘Internet of Things’ predicted India, South Korea and China becoming world’s top three exporters of IoT applications. In Bangalore on October 5, Ashton said he expects “amazing technologies” within a decade; many are already at work. We know the Internet connects billions of computers worldwide. The Internet of Things, or Internet of Everything, connects everything: objects of daily use like refrigerator, oven, air-conditioner, cars have embedded sensors that send information through the Internet. Relevant data is processed, stored, analyzed, shared and automatically acted upon with IoT technology. The DailyBrief Must-reads from across Asia - directly to your inbox For instance, your garage mechanic, car maker and car driver can all simultaneously know when your car has a problem – the car has IoT sensors monitoring performance in real time, and sharing that information. Using the car example, this crisp three-minute animation from the IBM Think Academy gives a basic idea of how IoT works: Cisco estimates over 50 billion IoT-connected devices (Intel says 200 billion) in our daily life within four years, in a $2 trillion global industry. The National Association of Software and Services Companies (NASSCOM) measures India’s IoT market to be $15 billion by 2020. Internet of Things will benefit everyone directly and indirectly: in homes, farms, road traffic, health care, factories, to ensuring safety in mines underground – as with the Canadian Dundee Precious Metals mining company. With equipment and mine workers wearing IoT devices, Dundee’s staff on ground level have real time information from deep within the mine – including video conferencing with workers underground. Safety, efficiency improved. Dundee quadrupled annual production. Just as the Internet enhanced our lives, its child the ‘Internet of Things’ will do better. Reducing time spent in mundane routines, and we travel towards human destiny that is in the supra-mundane. A day in the life of an IoT family Jared Cook’s excellent five-minute film ‘Life Simplified with Connected Devices’ shows a young family using Internet of Things. The Connected Devices Laboratory in the Utah-based Brigham Young University, has a ‘smart home’ managed through voice commands or a hand-held gadget like a cell phone: The oven starts before Mum enters the house; lights, air-conditioners adjust with room sensors; the kid sister fails to wake up her brother by giving him a good thump with a pillow, but Mum does the needful from the kitchen while preparing breakfast, by turning up his bedroom stereo volume to 90 percent. Dad at office lets in the plumber at home for repairs. More times seeing this YouTube video, more details in it can be spotted to realize the potential to IoT changing daily life: IoT delivers promise of long-existing ideas such as ‘talking’ refrigerators in the 1990s. But now technology exists for the ‘smart’ fridge to announce impending shortage of cheese, apples, carrots. Press another button, the message reaches Mr Family Grocer for home delivery – shopping done in two seconds. More such ‘smart objects’ will simplify life. University of Washington scientists have invented a new Wi-Fi system that uses 10,000 times less power. The Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) ranked it among 10 breakthrough technologies of 2016. “Besides saving battery life on today’s devices, wireless communication that uses almost no power will enable an Internet of Things reality where household devices and wearable sensors can communicate using Wi-Fi without worrying about power,” said the WU news note. The Internet of Everything is not a hyped, complex babble-gabble; it simply merges new Internet-connected technology to help us more easily, efficiently do daily chores at home, work at office; we benefit from better quality products and services – with a debt of gratitude to an unusual person born in Vienna, November 9, 1914, during World War 1. Hedy Lemarr, Civilization Fire of IoT In 1938, the year Adolf Hitler began unleashing hell on Earth, Austria-born Hedwig Eva Maria Kiesler arrived in the United States as the talented movie star Hedy Lemarr. With her eerie resemblance to Vivien Leigh (Scarlet O’Hara in Gone with the Wind), Lemarr was advertised to American audiences as ‘The World’s Most Beautiful Woman’. Her biographer Michael Shearer wrote: “when her face first appeared on the screen (in the 1938 classic ‘Algiers’), everyone gasped…Lamarr’s beauty literally took one’s breath away”. Then Hedy Lamarr became an enigma, a part-time scientist, a recluse. Circa 1940, Lamarr (1914 – 2000) and composer George Anthiel (1900-1959) formed one of the most unusual scientific partnerships in history – a movie star and an avant-garde musician inventing a ‘Secret communication system’ to protect Allied military communication from Nazi interception. Lemarr and Anthiel received US Patent No. 2,292,387 for their invention which the MIT called “a stroke of genius” (*3). “This invention relates broadly to secret communication systems involving the use of carrier waves of different frequencies, and is especially useful in the remote control of dirigible craft, such as torpedoes,” said their original US Patent Office document. “An object of the invention is to provide a method of secret communication which is relatively simple and reliable in operation, but at the same time is difficult to discover or decipher”. For me, Lemarr’s invention symbolizes the yet unknown full potential of the Internet of Things. Nobody then, not even Dwight Eisenhower’s Allied Army generals, knew the full implications of ‘Patent No. US 2292387 A’ granted to “inventors Antheil George, Markey Hedy Kiesler” (Lamarr’s original name). The deepening significance of Lamarr-Anthiel technology became clearer decades later. The online patent document shows the lengthening list of companies using it, from Northrop Aircraft, General Electric to Sony, Microsoft, AT&T and Cisco. The list includes Tokyo Institute of Technology that in 2015 developed an electricity-conducting ink that can be printed on clothes. The special ink uses IoT technology to monitor heart rate, muscle contraction etc – particularly useful for athletes and recovering patients. Like any revolutionary technology the Internet of Things faces growth pangs. Typical of its conflicting young life is media headlines serving both warnings and potential the same day, as on Sept 30, “The Internet of Things Goes Rogue,” MIT reported a hacker attack of epic proportions, and “The Internet Of Things Won’t Be Big. It’ll Be Huge,” said Forbes, explaining an unprecedented networked revolution. I see IoT hope, concerns and skepticism similar to the Internet 20 years ago. Hardly anyone heard about the Internet, including my editors, when as a rookie journalist I began writing about the World Wide Web for the Times of India in Mumbai, and the first newspaper column in India exclusively on the Internet for The Sunday Statesman circa 1996. Personal computers were rare 20 year ago, and even less common were Internet connections. I took turns to browse for about three hours a week in Vijay Mukhi’s Computer Institute in Tardeo, and the workstation of a copywriter in Colaba in South Bombay. Doubts swirled, including fears about the Internet ‘collapsing’ one dark day with data overload. That Internet Armageddon failed to keep its scheduled appointment during the 2000 summer Olympics in Sydney. Just as now in 2016 routine life would be difficult without the Internet and smart phones, 20 years later in 2036, the Internet of Things will be seamless routine in daily life. I call this the ‘Fire Principle’ of civilization: simultaneously born with every historic technology are concerns about its safe use. Imagine if the Stone Age citizenry had abandoned this newfangled thing called ‘fire’ because it can burn, kill people, turn things to ashes. So too the new civilization fire of the Internet of Things. We can use the networked fire for cooking necessities to give life’s comforting warmth, while applying safeguards. The Internet of Things highway ahead In 2015, the Indian government established the Center of Excellence for IoT in Bangalore, to optimize IoT. This joint venture involves IBM, Microsoft, Tata Consultancy Services, Accenture, CISCO, Intel, HCL Technologies, Qualcomm, L&T Technology Services, IBM, Cyient – indicating raw potential that global IT industry giants see in IoT. Already fascinating new IoT products are in the market. Bonx from Japan adds a new dimension to usual outdoor group activities, in team sport like the Tour de France, as in this two-minute video: The Boston-based company Jibo offers the ‘world’s first social robot’ – the IoT version of a secretary, butler, children’s playmate (9). Many more are IoT tools are ready ‘Everykey,’ from McAfee founder John McAfee, the no-more-passwords-key-for-everything. Yet the key to control of one’s life are still in our hands – even decades after the greatest, most sweeping inventions. The choice remains at what speed we wish to journey through our days. Before Google was born, and as counter to the Internet circa 1998, a society called ‘Pencil Club’ started in England with the motto: ‘what’s the hurry?’ The Internet of Things takes nothing away in a hurry; only it more efficiently gives us more wondrous choices – to make the most beneficial use of the impermanent but very special existence called a human lifetime. Raja Murthy is an independent journalist based in Mumbai contributing to Asia Times since 2003. He writes for The Statesman since 1990, and earlier for Times of India, Economic Times, Elle, Wisden.com etc. When not in the Himalayas, he sometimes blogs in Morning Light. Share Tweet Linkedin Email Technology Internet of Things IoT Hedy Lammar Raja Murthy Raja Murthy is an independent journalist based in Mumbai contributing to Asia Times since 2003, The Statesman since 1990, and formerly for Times of India, Economic Times, Elle, Wisden.com etc. He shuttles between Mumbai and the Himalayas. Comments More from this author A fatal comeuppance for the ‘dishonest media?’ 14-11-2016 03:00 How ‘mafia culture’ overtook the $100 billion Tata Group 03-11-2016 07:03 Green rule hurts as another tourism season begins 24-09-2016 04:41 EVEN MORE asia times Facebook Twitter Google plus Linkedin asia times Facebook Twitter Google plus Linkedin Explore Main Business Politics Insights Culture China South Asia Trending Topics #Southeast Asia #Middle East #Japan #India #Koreas #South China Sea #Sport About About Asia Times Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms of Use Privacy The DailyBrief Must-reads from across Asia - directly to your inbox © 2016 Asia Times Holdings Limited, All Rights Reserved. Concept, design & development by RGB Media Powered by Salamandra
Menu Home + Nation General Abu Dhabi Dubai Sharjah Ras Al Khaimah Fujairah Umm Al Quwain Ajman Government Crime UAE health Transport Education Happiness Times Weather Yas Island - Anime + Region Bahrain Kuwait Oman Qatar Saudi Arabia MENA + International India Pakistan Philippines Rest of Asia Europe Americas Africa Others + Business Local business Markets Economy Auto Gadgets and Electronics Banking and Finance Energy Infrastructure Real Estate Telecom Aviation Companies Dubai Airshow 2015 Gold/Forex Shipping + Sports Local sports Cricket Cricket Scorecard Football Tennis Horse racing Formula 1 Golf Other sports Dubai World Cup 2016 Euro 2016 ICC World Twenty20 Indian Premier League 2016 Mubadala Tennis Championships Olympics 2016 Omega Dubai Desert Classic 2016 Wimbledon 2016 + Technology Computers Features Game Zone Industry Mobiles Technology Videos + City Times In The City Newsmakers Hollywood Bollywood South Stars Movie reviews Music CT Musing + Lifestyle Fashion Beauty Health and Fitness Art and Culture Food Homes Travel + WKND Editor's Note Letters to WKND Editor Editor's Picks What's Hot Interviews Pursuits Bollywood Mindsport Life Coach When Hunger Strikes Beauty Basics Get her look Zapped by Apps Hard Drive On The Road Food and Dining Horoscope A Day In The Life Of It's My Life Personal Trainer People Offbeat Legal View Editorials and columns Letters to the Editor + Photos Nation (photos) International (photos) Business (photos) Sports (photos) Entertainment (photos) Lifestyle (photos) Stars at KT (Photos) + Videos Nation (videos) International (videos) Business (videos) Sports (videos) Entertainment (videos) Lifestyle (videos) CEO Insights (videos) Ramadan (videos) Rio Olympics 2016 (videos) + Gold/forex Bahrain Qatar + Prayer Timings Prayer timings International Prayer Timings UAE Ramadan Time Table Cinema listings + Weather United Arab Emirates Region GCC Countries Asia Europe America Competitions Entertainment + Flydubai Plane Crash Flydubai Plane Crash Photos Flydubai Plane Crash Videos GCC Airport Departures / Arrivals + India Budget 2016-17 India Budget Photos India Budget Videos Inspired Living Listicles + Other pages Advertise with us Contact us Humour Junction Idea Graph Life Is Like That UAE Driving Licence UAE Public Holidays + UAE-India Ties UAE-India Photos UAE-India Videos Utilities Slide Menus Show/Hide Left Slide Menu Show/Hide Right Slide Menu Show/Hide Top Slide Menu Show/Hide Bottom Slide Menu Publications : Khaleej Times SUBSCRIBE COMPETITIONS E-PAPER Sign in | Logout City Times WKND Style Inspired Living KT Home Follow Us Sign in using OR Forgot Password? Register Now! Terms | Privacy Technology News Nation Business GOLD/FOREX Sports Technology Entertainment Utilities All CITY TIMES WKND KT BUZZON Search POPULAR TOPICS Prayer Timings Cinema Listings Weather Offbeat| Live Flight Status | Style MORE Listicles IPL 2016 Parent Talk Inspired Living Dubai Airshow 2015 UAE-India Ties World T20 PRAYER TIMES Mobiles | Computers | Game Zone | Industry | Features | Gadgets & Electronics | Region | International | Dubai | Abu Dhabi | Sharjah | Government | Crime | India | Pakistan | Philippines General | Abu Dhabi | Dubai | Sharjah | Ras Al Khaimah | Fujairah | Umm Al Quwain | Ajman | Government | Crime | UAE health | Transport | Education | Happiness Times | Weather | Local Business | Markets | Economy | Auto | Banking and Finance | Energy | Infrastructure | Real Estate | Telecom | Aviation | Gold/Forex News | Local Sports | Cricket | Football | Tennis | Horse Racing | Formula 1 | Golf | Other Sports | Olympics 2016 Mobiles | Computers | Game Zone | Industry | Features | Gadgets & Electronics | Bollywood | Hollywood | Food | Travel | Lifestyle | Fashion   HOME > Technology Japanese start-up brings medical technology to Gitex Rohma Sadaqat /dubai Filed on October 17, 2016 Share More > Vote Takeshi Kimura, founder and CEO of Primesap (Photo by Juidin Bernarrd) Primesap allows athletes to refine their performance and avoid career-ending injuries The biggest fear of any athlete is sustaining an injury that will keep them from playing the sport that they love, or even force them to end their careers. However, a Japanese start-up is making waves in the technology sphere through its use of a motion evaluation system that allows athletes to refine their performance and avoid career-ending injuries. Primesap is a Tokyo-based health fitness optimising company, that is currently in Dubai to highlight its products at Gitex Technology Week. Under the slogan that people must live with dignity, the startup aims to minimise the gap between 'healthy life expectancy' and 'life expectancy', by designing and deploying a sustainable well-aging process that fuses the medical, engineering, and science fields. "Based on the continuously monitored state of a person's health, we analyse, design and manage the well-aging process," said Takeshi Kimura, founder and CEO of Primesap. "Our service is not just for senior people aging, but also for athletes' sustainable growth." Kimura also revealed that the startup had recently partnered with Intel to create a motion-evaluation system that helps baseball pitchers improve their performance, and prevent them from suffering career-ending injuries. One of the tool's key components is sensors that record the movements of the athletes, and the other is a tiny but powerful Intel Edison module that analyses the sensor data and produces graphics that identify the motions which athletes need to overcome. Primesap is also working on similar systems for other activities such as swimming and running. He further explained how many of Primesap's models are integrated platforms, which consist of the Internet of Things (IoT) wearables, cloud computing, and big data and learning. The startup currently has two model solutions called Live Trac and Life Trac. Live Trac focuses on helping athletes with their performance, as well as helping researchers in the medical field by providing them with data. Life Trac works on monitoring an individual's health especially if they suffer from any medical conditions. Through secure and smart monitoring, the model can alert a medical expert if a patient is experiencing a medical emergency such as a stroke, heart attack, or if they have suffered a fall. The sensors can be placed on a person's bed, in their bathroom, or even carried with the patient as a comfortable wearable. The system can also alert a physician or hospital if the patient requires emergency medical care immediately.   - rohma@khaleejtimes.com Rohma Sadaqat I am a reporter and sub-editor on the Business desk at Khaleej Times. I mainly cover and write articles on the UAE's retail, hospitality, travel, and tourism sectors.Originally from Lahore, I have been living in the UAE for more than 20 years. I graduated with a BA in Mass Communication, with a concentration in Journalism, and a double minor in History and International Studies from the American University of Sharjah.If you see me out and about on assignment in Dubai, feel free to stop me, say hello, and we can chat about the latest kitten videos on YouTube. Share More > Vote MORE FROM Technology Technology Japanese start-up brings medical technology to... Primesap allows athletes to refine their performance and avoid career-... READ MORE Technology Biometrics, eye scanners set to replace plastic Visa is testing these technologies to make life easy for merchants... READ MORE Cricket Match-fixing was at its peak in 1996: Shoaib... The Pakistan dressing room was strange, says cricket legend. READ MORE City Times Read our Apple Watch Series 2 review This week we're talking the new Apple Watch Series 2 and specifically ... READ MORE MORE FROM Khaleej Times General No option but to die: Disabled unpaid Indian... "They (employer) are supposed to pay me Dh24,000 but they are not... READ MORE Philippines This is the visa Filipino drug lord used to enter ... According to sources, Espinosa arrived in Abu Dhabi using an... READ MORE Cricket Match-fixing was at its peak in 1996: Shoaib... The Pakistan dressing room was strange, says cricket legend. READ MORE General Pakistanis can now renew passport online in few... Phase one of the system, launched by the Pakistan's ministry of... READ MORE   Popular Voted Crime Man EXPOSES himself to woman in Dubai supermarket 51425 views | 16 October 2016 Philippines This is the tourist visa Filipino drug lord used to enter UAE 39147 views | 17 October 2016 Crime Murdered man's wife wants capital punishment, not blood money 23214 views | 16 October 2016 India Newborn dies, nibbled by rats in hospital in India 20285 views | 16 October 2016 Government No room for procrastination: Mohammed urges govt officials 13332 views | 15 October 2016 Cricket WATCH: Afridi, Miandad make peace after spat over fixing 11483 views | 15 October 2016 Social media do's and don'ts under UAE law 11111 views | 15 October 2016 Legal View Your employer can deduct salary only if ... 10483 views | 16 October 2016 Dubai Indian man threatens to chop off girl's head 9902 views | 16 October 2016 General Emirati man found dead in Ajman parking area 9733 views | 15 October 2016 Crime UAE labourer kills sex worker over money; life term upheld 9214 views | 17 October 2016 India Passenger, staff held for smuggling gold on flight from Abu Dhabi 9184 views | 16 October 2016 General Pakistanis can now apply for passport renewal online in 16 mins! 7841 views | 17 October 2016 Bollywood Anurag Kashyap asks Modi to apologise for Pakistan visit 6691 views | 16 October 2016 Ras Al Khaimah Four hour-long rains lash parts of Ras Al Khaimah 6171 views | 16 October 2016 Crime Murdered man's wife wants capital punishment, not blood money 635 votes | 16 October 2016 Crime Man EXPOSES himself to woman in Dubai supermarket 588 votes | 16 October 2016 Ras Al Khaimah Four hour-long rains lash parts of Ras Al Khaimah 335 votes | 16 October 2016 Abu Dhabi Abu Dhabi’s temple to be ready in less than a year 274 votes | 11 October 2016 Dubai Indian man threatens to chop off girl's head 230 votes | 16 October 2016 Philippines This is the tourist visa Filipino drug lord used to enter UAE 227 votes | 17 October 2016 Government No room for procrastination: Mohammed urges govt officials 225 votes | 15 October 2016 India Newborn dies, nibbled by rats in hospital in India 176 votes | 16 October 2016 India 199 live turtles seized from UAE nationals at Indian airport 170 votes | 14 October 2016 India India probe into use of 153 'Pakistani spy pigeons' 166 votes | 15 October 2016 Cricket WATCH: Afridi, Miandad make peace after spat over fixing 166 votes | 15 October 2016 Dubai Dubai's tallest tower will be ready by 2020 164 votes | 10 October 2016 Legal View Your employer can deduct salary only if ... 162 votes | 16 October 2016 Social media do's and don'ts under UAE law 150 votes | 15 October 2016 Legal View 30 days leave only after completion of one year 150 votes | 17 June 2014   KT App Download All new KT app is available for download: Newsletter Get the latest news around the World in your inbox, so you dont missout on the action. Accept Terms & Conditions ©2016 Khaleej Times. All rights reserved.   News Nation Region World Business Markets Economy Auto Technology Gadgets & Electronics Banking & Finance Energy Infrastructure Real Estate Telecom Aviation Gold/Forex Sports Local Sports Cricket Football Tennis Horse Racing Formula 1 Golf Other Sports Lifestyle Fashion Beauty Health & Fitness Art & Culture Food Home City Times In The City Newsmakers Indian Cinema Movie Reviews Music   Travel Health Offbeat Legal View Editorials & Columns Letters to Editor Photos   Videos Gold/forex Prayer Timings Cinema listings Weather e-paper KT BUZZON Inspired Living   About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Privacy Policy   KT App Download iPhone | iPad Android
Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations On I.T. The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express El Tiempo Latino Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2016 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it 2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Answer Sheet No, it’s not cute when little boys force kisses on little girls. A primer on teaching boys to respect girls. The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Valerie Strauss October 17 Follow @valeriestrauss (iStock) Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s comments about how he treats women — and subsequent allegations by women that he groped them or made unwanted sexual advances — bring into focus again the issue of gender relations and, more to the point, how males treat females. In this post, a parenting expert explains how parents and educators can teach males of all ages to respect females of all ages and to recognize the influences that can lead to aggression. It is written by Justin Coulson, one of Australia’s leading parenting experts and an international speaker and author. He and his wife, Kylie, are the parents of six daughters (and no, he says on his website, they aren’t disappointed nor are they going to try for a boy). Coulson earned a psychology degree from the University of Queensland and a PhD in psychology from the University of Wollongong. He has written peer-reviewed journal articles and scholarly book chapters, as well as several books and e-books about parenting, including the recently released “21 Days to a Happier Family.” Coulson is an honorary fellow at the Center for Positive Psychology in the Graduate School of Education at the University of Melbourne. He is a consultant to the Australian government’s Office of the Children’s e-Safety Commissioner and has or is advising organizations such as Beyond Blue, the Raising Children Network, Life Education, Intel Security, and the Alannah and Madeline Foundation. He writes a weekly parenting advice column for Sydney’s Daily Telegraph, appears regularly on television and radio, and is the parenting expert at KidSpot.com.au, Australia’s No. 1 parenting website. This post appeared on Coulson’s website, and he gave me permission to republish it.   By Justin Coulson My 8-year-old daughter recently complained to me about a boy in her grade: “Dad, he keeps on trying to kiss me. Today at recess he kissed me twice on the face. I keep telling him to ‘Stop it!’ and he doesn’t.” Historically this kind of incident may have been called cute. Parents or staff members may have knowingly smiled and clucked about what a great pair these two would make. Today . . . I’m unhappy about this. The boy may only be eight, but he is old enough to understand respect and consent. And he is old enough to know that if anyone — girl or boy — says to “Stop it, I don’t like it!” then he should stop. My daughter should not be made to feel uncomfortable and afraid of going to school because a boy is overly affectionate. Is this where violence begins? Maybe . . . or maybe not. But it is undeniably disrespect. And pervasive disrespect leads to violence and harm. Teaching boys to respect women It has been widely reported that many people, from our prime minister down, think Australia has a respect-for-women problem. Let’s review the statistics: One in three women over the age of 15 have experienced physical violence. One in five have experienced sexual violence. One in four have been emotionally abused by a partner. Men are almost always the perpetrators. Approximately 70 women are killed each year by a current or former partner. Men are almost always the perpetrators. One in four children in Australia experience domestic and family violence. Again, it’s predominantly at the hands of males. Yes, women can — and do — offend violently. They harm others. And yes, these statistics have been called into question by thoughtful researchers who argue that a far more nuanced (and gender-balanced) view may be more accurate. But whether the statistics are on the money or are missing the mark a little, there would be few who would argue that there is significant room for improvement with respect to respect in Australia. And far too many girls and women are being disrespected —- my daughter being an example of where it can all “innocently” and “harmlessly” begin. Game-changing ideas to teach boys better Here are just a few ideas for teaching our boys to respect girls, women, and womanhood, whether we are moms, dads, aunts, uncles, teachers or neighbors. TEACHING BOYS UNDER 5 Example, example, example If we show respect we will teach respect. This means we respect our children, we respect other adults, and we especially respect women. It means that we do not call girls or women names. We do not ever hit or threaten to hit girls or women. It means we listen to girls and women and respect their opinions. Speak kindly This is pretty basic, but at this age, it’s all it takes to show respect. Say please and thank you. Never say things like “shut up” or “get lost” (or anything worse), whether to a child, or an adult, and regardless of gender. Respectful speaking teaches respect. Be helpful Teach boys (and all children) to recognize when someone needs help or feels lousy, and show them how to help. TEACHING BOYS FROM AGE 5-12 The ideas from the previous age group are just as applicable for these boys. In addition, the following ideas are important: Monitor media Violent media is increasingly normal and has an undeniable desensitising impact on those who view it. While most 5-year-olds don’t enjoy violence, by the time they’re 9 or 10, they’re all over it. Sitting down with your 6-year-old (or any child) to watch MMA fights on pay TV exacerbate violent attitudes and model aggression. Allowing kids to watch “Game of Thrones” and shows with similar gratuitous sex and violence does nothing to help the cause. Games such as Grand Theft Auto, Call of Duty, Counter Strike, and many more glorify violence (including violence against women). Some studies have shown that after playing violent games or viewing violent “entertainment,” people are less likely to show empathy or kindness. Minimizing exposure to games and movies or TV shows that promote disrespect and inhumanity can help. Pre-arm against pornography The average age of boys’ exposure to pornography is 11. And we’re not talking the 1980’s “Playboy”-style pornography. We’re talking hardcore, violent, disgusting content that teaches boys that women exist to be violently and sexually disrespected. At around the age of 8 or 9, we must start pre-arming our boys. I’m presently working with the [Australian] federal government’s Office of the Children’s e-Safety Commissioner to create resources for teachers and parents to help with this issue (and in turn, they’re working with Life Education to pre-arm children in schools). Let boys know that pornography exists, that people might want to show it to them, that others might think it’s funny, and that it teaches bad things. Let them know it’s not real. It’s not reflective of what people want in healthy, functional relationships. Let them know they can and should talk to us if anyone tries to show it to them. Keep them away and do not normalize exposure to porn as something ‘all the boys do’. Such attitudes are part of the domestic violence and disrespect problem. Talk about the issues When you see disrespect, talk about it. Ask your sons how it leaves them feeling. How does it make the victims feel? What are better ways of responding to it? Such conversations promote empathy and perspective, and help our boys develop social awareness and conscience. TEACH BOYS FROM AGE 12-18 In addition to all that is outlined above (particularly regarding media and gaming) our boys need to be taught the following in their teen years: Teach intimacy Our sons should be learning about healthy relationships where people love one another and express that love in healthy, functional ways. They need to understand more than the mechanics of sex. They need to understand context and commitment. When there is no real commitment, guys think there are no feelings involved. When we separate physical and emotional intimacy from one another, we provide fertile soil for sexual miscommunication and sexual coercion. Teach consent Based on my daughter’s experience, perhaps I should place this earlier in the developmental trajectory. Boys must know that they should not touch a woman without her explicit consent. They should not kiss her without her consent. They should absolutely not be intimate with her without her consent. Our sons must understand that no means no. T-shirts and slogans that promote the idea that “no means yes, and yes means anal” demean not just the wearer, but our society as a whole. We should talk to our boys about scenarios where they find themselves at a party with a girl who is drunk and all over them. Is she capable of providing consent? What are the risks involved? What if she’s only a little drunk, she gives consent, and then she changes her mind even though her pants are down and so are yours? Consent is a conversation that must be had — repeatedly. Set clear boundaries around porn Let your sons know that porn is off limits. Teach them why. Currently, statistics suggest 100 percent of boys have viewed violent pornography by age 15. We must turn this around. Call them on sexism When I was younger, I regularly heard jokes about how “women should get back in the kitchen” and other derogatory remarks along similar lines. It was part of being male. Well folks, masculinity has changed. And it needs to change more. When you catch your boys criticizing women because of their math or driving ability, or for any other gendered issue, call them on it. Let them know sexism is not cool and it is not funny. Ultimately, regardless of everything that we say, it is what we do that makes the biggest impact on our sons’ respectfulness. What the men in your children’s lives do will set the scene for ongoing behavior from your sons. If the men in their lives think it’s okay to stare and whistle at women while driving, to abuse women and call them names, to watch porn and objectify the women in their lives, or to hit them, the odds are stacked against your boys because of those poor examples. Surround the boys you parent or work with good men. Be a great example. These are our best options. Let’s teach our sons well. local answer-sheet Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando true after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters local answer-sheet Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas false endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Valerie Strauss covers education and runs The Answer Sheet blog. Follow @valeriestrauss Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 I was an evangelical magazine editor, but now I can’t defend my evangelical community 2 Hopeful and relieved, conservative white evangelicals see Trump’s win as their own 3 ‘I don’t want them to die’: She was pregnant with twins. Then a gunman opened fire. 4 ‘Women’s March on Washington’ planning for big crowds on inauguration weekend 5 Gwen Ifill, who overcame barriers as a black female journalist, dies at 61 Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Daily Crossword Word game local answer-sheet Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters   Search Jobs Featured Jobs jr. patent secretary Legal E legal administrative assistant - corporate practice group - tysons corner Legal E legal secretary - temporary Legal E washingtonpost.com © 1996-2016 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money TODAY'S TOP STORIES   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Stocks Continue To Show A Lack Of Direction - U.S. Commentary 10/17/2016 11:59 AM ET After showing a lack of direction early in the session, stocks continue to turn in a lackluster performance in mid-day trading on Monday. The major averages have spent the day bouncing back and forth across the unchanged line. Currently, the major averages are posting modest losses on the day. The Dow is down 19.38 points or 0.1 percent at 18,119.00, the Nasdaq is down 0.41 points or less than a tenth of a percent at 5,213.75 and the S&P 500 is down 0.91 points or less than a tenth of a percent at 2,132.07. The choppy trading on Wall Street comes as traders seem reluctant to make any significant moves ahead of the release of some key economic data that could impact the outlook for monetary policy. Traders are likely to keep a close eye on reports on consumer price inflation, housing starts, and existing home sales along with the Federal Reserve's Beige Book. Additionally, the earnings season will start to heat up this week, with IBM (IBM), Goldman Sachs (GS), Johnson & Johnson (JNJ), Intel (INTC), American Express (AXP), Verizon (VZ), Microsoft (MSFT), General Electric (GE), and McDonald's (MCD) among the companies due to report their results. Before the start of trading, the Fed released a report showing that industrial production inched up by slightly less than expected in the month of September. The Fed said industrial production edged up by 0.1 percent in September after falling by a revised 0.5 percent in August. Economists had expected production to rise by 0.2 percent. A separate report from the New York Fed unexpectedly showed a continued decline in regional manufacturing activity in the month of October. The New York Fed said its general business conditions index slid to a negative 6.8 in October from a negative 2.0 in September, with a negative reading indicating a contraction in activity. The drop by the general business conditions index came as a surprise to economists, who had expected the index to rise to a positive 1.0. Sector News Most of the major sectors are showing only modest moves on the day, contributing to the relatively lackluster performance by the broader markets. Natural gas stocks have shown a significant move to the downside, however, with the NYSE Arca Natural Gas Index sliding by 1.4 percent. Devon Energy (DVN), Chesapeake Energy (CHK), and Southwestern Energy (SWN) are posting notable losses. Trucking, electronic storage and oil service stocks are also seeing notable weakness in mid-day trading, while considerable strength is visible among gold and steel stocks. Other Markets In overseas trading, stock markets across the Asia-Pacific region turned in a mixed performance during trading on Monday. Japan's Nikkei 225 Index rose by 0.3 percent, while Hong Kong's Hang Seng Index dropped by 0.8 percent. Meanwhile, the major European markets all moved to the downside on the day. While the U.K.'s FTSE 100 Index slumped by 0.9 percent, the German DAX Index slid by 0.7 percent and the French CAC 40 Index fell by 0.5 percent. In the bond market, treasuries have moved back to the upside following a recent downward trend. As a result, the yield on the benchmark ten-year note, which moves opposite of its price, is down by 2.4 basis points at 1.770 percent. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Business News The Most Influential Books In Business Fed Chatterbox: Economic Preview Week of November 14 Forget Canada: The Best Places To Flee Trump's America More Top Stories European Shares Seen Extending Gains Snapchat Parent Confidentially Initiates IPO Process All Is Well With ACRS, First Avastin Biosimilar In The Works, CLRB Abuzz Asian Markets In Positive Territory Japanese Market Advances UPS Strike Could Put Wrench In Holiday Shipping Find McRib With Your Phone Stocks Close Mostly Higher Following Upbeat Retail Sales Data - U.S. Commentary Obama's Job Approval Rating Jumps To Four-Year High Americans Optimistic Trump Will Improve The Economy Tech CEO Threatens To Shoot President-Elect Trump Giuliani Reportedly New Favorite To Be Secretary Of State Major Averages Remain Mixed In Mid-Day Trading - U.S. Commentary United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on Amazon Switching From Wrapping Paper To Reusable Bags <<Previous        61 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Snapchat Parent Confidentially Initiates IPO Process Amazon Switching From Wrapping Paper To Reusable Bags Home Depot Black Friday Deals Heavy On Appliances Home Depot Lifts FY EPS View In Line With Market As Q3 Results Top Estimates Vodafone Slips To Pre-Tax Loss On Hefty India Charge; Narrows FY View Merck KgaA Lifts FY16 Earnings View As Q3 Results Climb, Stock Up Crew Members Hurt As Canadian Plane Swerves To Avoid Possible Drone Amaya Gets Huge Buyout Bid From Former CEO Zuckerberg: Facebook Hoax News Did Not Get Trump Elected Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Siemens To Buy Mentor Graphics For $4.5 Bln Enterprise Value AMGN Crosses BRIDGE, Anxiety Over PTCT's Translarna Eases, EGRX Opens Wallet ANTH Plunges As Lupus Trial Fails, BMY's Opdivo Is At It Again, FDA Nod For GILD FDA Snubs DVAX, Keep An Eye On OCUL, It's All Green For BLUE United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on Nokia Sets Financial & Strategic Targets; Remains Focused On Cost Saving Program Allianz Stock Climbs On Q3 Profit Growth, Confirms FY16 Profit View Home Depot Black Friday Deals Heavy On Appliances Upgrade: Steel Stocks In For Trump Renaissance Crew Members Hurt As Canadian Plane Swerves To Avoid Possible Drone Nasty Gal Files For Bankruptcy Facebook Says Stops Allowing Ads To Target Ethnic Groups Novartis Reportedly Considering Sale Of Alcon Eye Care Division United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars Erickson Says Bankruptcy Court Approves Interim DIP Financing Sumitomo Electric Starts Operation Of CPV Power Generation Plant In Morocco Allianz Group Q3 Profit Climbs; Confirms 2016 Operating Profit Outlook NTT H1 Profit Up, Sales Down; Lifts FY Profit View, Cuts Sales Forecast Bechtle Q3 Profit Rises; Outlook For Year Adjusted Upwards Innogy 9-month Profit Declines; Confirms Forecast - Quick Facts SIG 4-Month Revenues Rise, LFL Revenues Down; CEO Stuart Mitchell Steps Down Konami Q2 Profit Rises, Revenues Down - Quick Facts ANTH Plunges As Lupus Trial Fails, BMY's Opdivo Is At It Again, FDA Nod For GILD Copyright © 2016 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Drivers Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > Drivers > Blog FLASH SALE: VDownloader      50% OFF! Download Drivers for MSI’s X99A Gaming Pro Carbon Motherboard The files are suitable for Windows 7, 8, 8.1, and 10 OSes Oct 17, 2016 13:27 GMT  ·  By Iulian Pascal  ·  Share:  Since MSI has provided all drivers required by its X99A Gaming Pro Carbon motherboard models to run at their best and provide maximum performance, stability, and usability, we have gathered them all in a single list so that owners of this MSI product can easily set up their devices. When it comes to compatibility, both the downloadable packages and the X99 motherboard can support either 32- and 64-bit architectures of Microsoft’s Windows 7, 8, 8.1, and 10 operating systems. As for the producers that developed the drivers, Intel plays a key role, as it provides the Chipset, Management Engine (ME), and Rapid Storage Technology (RST) drivers, and it also enables the full functionality of the LAN port through its Ethernet Connections package. Moreover, Intel, along with VIA, also provides proper USB 3.0 speeds to the available ports, ASMedia makes sure the USB 3.1 ports work at their best, while Realtek enables the full functionality of the audio components. Last but not least, the producer has rolled out several BIOS packages that improve the board’s performance once more, and can also be useful in the event future versions turn up faulty. Therefore, if you want your powerful motherboard to work at its highest performance, then download MSI X99A Gaming Pro Carbon Drivers, apply them one by one, and don’t forget to perform a system reboot.   CHECK OUT THE GALLERY  (5 Images) #X99A Gaming Pro Carbon#MSI#Motherboard reddit it! flip it share it tweet it MSI X99A Gaming Pro Carbon (5 Images) 01 02 03 04 05 Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news ASRock Rolls Out BIOS 7.00 for Some of Its Motherboards - Download Now Download Drivers for ASRock’s New B150M-PIO2 Motherboard Model ASRock Updates BIOS for Several of Its Motherboards - Download Now Download Intel’s New 4.0.6.60 USB 3.0 eXtensible Host Controller Driver Firefox 50.0 Officially Released for Linux, Mac and Windows, Here's What's New Some U.S. Android Phones Have Secret Backdoor That Sends Data to China Apple Insider Says iPhone 6 Plus Has a Major Bug, Company Should Start Recall Hackers Steal FIFA Currency, Buy Houses and Expensive Cars with the Money NVIDIA Makes Available GeForce Graphics Driver 375.86 - Get It Now Panasonic Rolls Out Firmware 2.6 for its DMC-GH4 Camera - Download Now ASRock Rolls Out New BIOS Update for Some of Its Motherboards Nikon Updates Firmware for Its COOLPIX A300 Camera - Get Version 1.2 5 photos    MSI X99A Gaming Pro Carbon New Apps GdPicture.NET Document Imaging SDK: Full-Featured and Royalty Free Document Imaging toolkit for .NET allows you to implement viewing, processing, printing or scanning files SmartFTP FTP Library: Integrate FTP and SFTP file transfer capabilities into your software with the help of this advanced FTP library ActiveX component (COM) Norton AntiVirus Virus Definitions: Signature packanges containing the latest free virus databases for various Symantec antivirus software for both home and business use Curse: Connect, chat, share files and send messages to friends from the games you are playing fast and easy with this intuitive application Kaspersky Virus Removal Tool: Detects viruses and other infections that may have reached one's computer with the aid of different scan modes provided by Kaspersky MediaGet: Search and download torrents from the Internet, being able to use the integrated media player to watch movies without even saving them to your PC first App Builder: Visually design HTML5 apps in a variety of sizes, without prior knowledge of programming techniques, thanks to this straightforward tool Reader comments AsusWrt-Merlin Provides New Firmware for ASUS Routers - Version 380.63.2 more on: AsusWrt-Merlin i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2016 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy feedback      
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals We Rely On Your Support: Did you know that you can get Phoronix Premium for under $3 per month? Try it today to view our site ad-free, multi-page articles on a single page, and more while the proceeds allow us to write more Linux hardware reviews. The Exciting Features Of The Linux 4.9 Kernel Written by Michael Larabel in Software on 17 October 2016. Page 1 of 1. 36 Comments This weekend was the release of Linux 4.9-rc1 to mark the end of the 4.9 kernel merge window. As such, here's our usual feature overview recapping all of the changes to Linux 4.9 that have us excited about the next version of this open-source kernel. Some of the highlights include AMDGPU GCN 1.0 experimental support, memory protection keys support, mainline support for the LG Nexus 5 and Raspberry Pi Zero (along with a lot of other ARM hardware), the Greybus subsystem was added, support for vmapped stacks, and many other additions. Graphics: - Virtual display support for AMDGPU, better AMDGPU GPU reset support, and other changes for this modern AMD GCN driver. - AMDGPU also has experimental Southern Islands support (GCN 1.0) as an alternative to the existing support in Radeon DRM. Similar to GCN 1.1, the GCN 1.0 AMDGPU support needs to be manually enabled at compile-time while blacklisting (or disabling) the Radeon DRM driver from loading. - Various fixes and improvements to the Intel DRM with one of the notable changes being DMA-BUF implicit fencing. - GPU and memory overhead reduction for the Raspberry Pi VC4 driver during 3D rendering. - Sadly, no Nouveau (open-source NVIDIA) driver changes were included for Linux 4.9... Leaving out the recent "boost" patches and more. - Various other DRM changes for Linux 4.9. That's Direct Rendering Manager for those new to Linux that are thinking of the other DRM... Processors / Memory: - A P-State change that can boost performance for some Intel Atom CPUs. - CPUFreq continues making greater use of scheduler information. - Memory protection keys support. This MPK / Pkeys support is finally in the mainline kernel for the new instructions to be supported by future Intel CPUs. - Various Xen and KVM changes for the Linux virtualization stack. - Support for vmapped kernel stacks as one of the changes that excite Linus Torvalds the most. File-Systems / Storage: - UBIFS support for OverlayFS while UBI gets ready for MLC NAND support. - Shared data extents for XFS. - Fixes for Btrfs. - NVDIMM support updates. - Various XFS updates. - F2FS performance enhancements. - MD RAID improvements. - FUSE support for POSIX ACLs. - OverlayFS SELinux support. Other Hardware: - Support for 29 more ARM machines, including the Raspberry Pi Zero, LG Nexus 5, and other notable mobile/embedded hardware. - Intel Integrated Sensor Hub (ISH) support. - New Elan touchscreen driver and GPIO decoder. - Continued Skylake audio work via the sound updates for Linux 4.9. - Mellanox platform support. - The EFI test driver is now mainline thanks to Canonical. General Work: - Kthread improvements. - Various perf updates. - An assortment of scheduler changes. - The Greybus subsystem was added to the staging area. Greybus was crucial to Google's failed Project Ara modular smartphone but will still be used in future devices. That's a lot of stuff coming for Linux 4.9! Expect Linux 4.9 to be officially released in mid-to-late December. Stay tuned for more Linux 4.9 kernel coverage, particularly many hardware benchmarks and of changes in this upgraded kernel, in future Phoronix articles. If you appreciate my single-handed coverage here of all the happenings and plenty of benchmarks along with the automated efforts like daily benchmarks of the Linux kernel at LinuxBenchmarking.com, consider joining Phoronix Premium. Tweet 36 Comments About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Articles Power Consumption & Efficiency Of The Linux Kernel For The Last Three Years Linux 3.9 To Linux 4.9 Kernel Benchmarks: Testing The 21 Last Kernels The Exciting Features Of The Linux 4.9 Kernel Trying Out The Experimental Unity 8 Session On Ubuntu 16.10 A Look At The Exciting Features/Improvements Of GNOME 3.22 Trending Linux News Project Darling Is Still Trying To Run macOS/OSX Software On Linux GNOME 3.22.2 Released LLVM Clang Lands -Og Optimization Level The Current RadeonSI Benefits Of Switching To Mesa 13.1-dev Git On Ubuntu 16.10 Mesa 13.0.1 Released Latest Linux News GCC Compiler Finishes Nuking Java Support (GCJ) A Walkthrough Of Enlightenment's New Launcher "Luncher" Unity 8 & All Snaps-Based Ubuntu Still Expected For 18.04 LTS X.Org Server 1.19 Officially Released With A Year's Worth Of Improvements Unreal Engine 4.14 Ships With Better Vulkan Support KDE Frameworks 5.28 Brings Many KWayland Improvements, Relative Pointer Protocol Cryptsetup Vulnerability Allows Easily Getting To A Root Shell Intel SDK OpenCL 2016 R3 Brings OpenCL 2.1 & SPIR-V To Linux Raspberry Pi's Desktop Likely Switching To Compton For Better Performance A Very Basic Ubuntu Online Developer Summit Is Happening Now Latest Featured Articles AMDGPU+RadeonSI With Deus Ex: Mankind Divided, One Week Later Intel Kaby Lake HD Graphics 620 OpenGL/Vulkan Performance On Linux Intel Kaby Lake Linux Testing With MSI's Cubi 2 Mini PC Fresh OpenCL + CUDA 8.0 Benchmarks On Kepler/Maxwell/Pascal With NVIDIA 375.10 On Ubuntu Linux 13-Way NVIDIA GeForce + CUDA 8.0 + cuDNN Caffe Benchmarks Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip or Bitcoin. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2016 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
null
TechRadar The source for Tech Buying Advice Search RSS Reviews How To Phones TVs Laptops Deals Photography More Car Tech Wearables Tablets Components Audiovisual Gaming Computing Downloads News Pro Trending MacBook Pro Nintendo Switch Google Pixel iOS 10.1 PS4 Pro Early Black Friday Deals Reviews HP Spectre x360 (2016) review HP Spectre x360 (2016) review By Kevin Lee Laptops & portable PCs  HP’s flagship 2-in-1 laptop goes ultra-thin with style Shares 1. Introduction and design 2. Specifications, performance and verdict Recommended Jump to Section: Best Price Comments Our Verdict The HP Spectre x360 is practically an all-new laptop, and better in every way. It has a slimmer, more premium design, it's faster and it's one of the longest-lasting machines we’ve ever tested. For Ultra-thin and light styling Snappy keyboard Long-lasting and quick-charging battery Against Lacks SD card reader Especially thick bottom bezel The original HP Spectre x360 was arguably the one of the most handsome 2-in-1 laptops ever created, and now the company has released a dramatically improved next-generation model. The new 13-inch 2-in-1 laptop brings a ton of improvements, including a new chassis that’s 13% thinner and 11% lighter, a quarter more battery life and an Intel Kaby Lake processor. Numbers aside, the new HP Spectre x360 is practically an all-new laptop, with a re-engineered display and a few features we can’t live without now. But while it’s a hands-down improvement over the older model in almost every regard, a few sacrifices have been made in the process, including a higher starting price. Design We always felt like using the original Spectre x360 was more like handling a pizza paddle than a tablet, due to it being overly wide and heavy. Thankfully, HP has dramatically trimmed the new model’s chassis. Measuring 13.8mm thin, it’s significantly thinner than the outgoing 0.63-inch thick model. The new design also trims the convertible’s annoyingly wide 12.79-inch body to a more sensible 12.03 inches.  Both of these changes stem from the new micro edge display HP has implemented – more on that shortly. That’s more than a half-inch reduction, and stacking it with the new hybrid’s 1.3kg weight makes the device much more comfortable to use in tablet mode. Another effect of the narrower body is that it gives the laptop a boxier shape, similar to the 3:2-aspect ratio Surface Book and Google Chromebook Pixel – however, this device still features a 16:9 screen. Aside from the apparent shape change, HP has also re-engineered almost every aspect of the laptop. The geared hinges have been reshaped into a shorter – and wider – mechanism to coincide with the thinner design. Likewise, HP has reduced the keyboard travel from 1.5mm to 1.3mm, but we actually prefer this change thanks to a stiffer force curve on the keys. Unfortunately, there have also been a few less favorable sacrifices made in the name of thinness. The SD card reader has kicked the can, as has the HDMI video-out, in exchange for two USB-C ports. The good news is that those ports support Thunderbolt 3 for charging, dual 4K monitor support and 40Gbps data transfers. Plus, you still get one full-sized USB 3.1 port for legacy mice, thumb drives and other peripherals. The glass-coated precision trackpad remains relatively unchanged, and that’s no bad thing. It’s still as responsive ever, but again we wished HP had gone with a narrower option that wasn’t so easy to trigger while typing. Oh, and HP has applied its new sleek logo as well – if you really care about that sort of thing. Popping off Aside from the aesthetic changes, the updated Spectre x360 makes a huge splash with new micro edge display that reduces the bezels on the sides of the screen to a much squatter 0.54mm. Compared to the thick bars on the older model, HP has made a huge improvement, even if the Dell XPS 13 still comes out on top with 5.2mm bezels. Unfortunately, the top and bottom bezels haven’t seen the same dramatic reduction, but at least HP is using the space above the screen to good use with a new TrueVision FHD webcam. Not only does the IR camera enable you to log in with your face through Windows Hello, it also provides you with a 12% wider field of view. In addition to stretching from edge-to-edge (on the sides at least), the micro edge display is also features an optically bonded design, so the pixels look like they’re sitting right on top of the touch panel. This also makes the screen a bit brighter, so you won’t have to constantly bump up the screen brightness to max – which we did often with the predecessor – and can save a bit of battery life to boot. Although HP has limited display resolution to only 1,920 x 1,080 Full HD, we can live without 4K or QHD+ options on a 13-incher, especially when we're impressed with the overall image quality as is. Colors pop off the screen, and they’re accurate thanks to it being able to reproduce 70% of the color gamut. Viewing angles are also generous, even at extreme angles, allowing us to read parts of the screen even when just trying to admire the extreme thinness of the new display panel. HP has also redesigned the audio on its flagship hybrid with quad-speaker system. Just above the keyboard you’ll find a new speaker grille, under which are two top-firing tweeters that go with another pair of bottom-facing speakers located on the laptop’s underside. The idea behind the quad-speaker setup is that you’ll have always sound projected towards you, whether you’re using the device as a tablet or laptop. Secondly, it’s the first of HP’s quad-speaker equipped machines to have all four firing off at the same time. Thanks to a new audio boost feature, the speakers work together to produce a louder and fuller sound profile. Highs come out clearly and bass is more present, but even with all these improvements a good pair of headphones still deliver a superior listening experience. Load Comments Tech deals, prizes and latest news Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more! No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 The best Amazon Black Friday deals 2016 2 How to photograph the moon: an easy way to shoot moon pictures full of detail 3 iOS 10 problems: Here's how to fix the most common issues 4 The 10 best 4K TVs of 2016 5 15 best laptops you can buy in 2016 1 This big Google Photos update gives new life to your pictures 2 Super Mario Run release date set for December 15 on iPhone and iPad 3 Samsung Galaxy S8 to take on iPhone with its own 'force touch' screen 4 New leak gives us our best idea yet of the Nintendo Switch's price 5 5 photo accessories you should get this Black Friday TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Lenovo Yoga Book Review: The road warrior’s future Vincent Nguyen - Oct 17, 2016 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Editors' Rating: 8/10 Pros Beautiful design and build-quality Flexibility of a true Wacom digitizer Relatively affordable, especially running Android Lengthy battery life Cons CPU prioritizes battery longevity not raw power Halo Keyboard likely to frustrate touch typists No built-in 4G LTE for the US No USB-C I’ve been using Lenovo’s new Yoga Book the last couple of days, and it’s hard not to love this ultra-compact, sleek, and versatile tablet with a twist. This isn’t what you’d call a one trick pony, but instead a multi-talented 2-in-1 to help you stay more productive on the go. Trust me, clocking in over 250,000 air miles this year alone, I know a thing or two about staying productive on the move. I pride myself on packing light. For a two or three day trip across the pond, I have a Peak Design 30L Everyday Backpack and a handheld for clothes. With space at a premium, I can definitely say that the Yoga Book has earned a spot in my bag. Design Next to iconic designs by Jony Ive for a certain fruit company, the Yoga Book holds its own with an uber-premium look and feel. Closed, total thickness is just 9.6mm. The display side – which happens to be the thinnest side – is merely 4.05mm thin. Toting the thing around is joy thanks to its even weight distribution; it tips the scales at 1.52lbs. I think the hinge design is hands-down best in class. Modelled after watchband straps, Lenovo’s patented hinge on the Yoga Book is similar to those found on the company’s high end Yoga laptops. Because the Yoga Book is so much thinner, though, Lenovo had to rethink how they were going to implement such a design. Going back to the drawing board, they came up with a new, 3-axis version for the Yoga Book. It’s beautiful; indeed, it’s Rolex-bracelet-band gorgeous, even closer to the original watch inspiration. Unlike the Surface Book’s bizarre hinge, Lenovo’s design doesn’t leave a gap when shut. Opening and closing is satisfying with the perfect amount of resistance, though a fingernail hole to get you started would be useful. Lenovo tells me that the hinge has been tested and verified to withstand more than 25,000 open and close operations. I believe them. The hinges bend forward, backward and anywhere in between, always holding in place with no sag or slip. It just works. The Display At 400 nits, the 10.1-inch full-HD (1920 x 1200) IPS display is bright for most reading conditions. Super bright or direct sunlight does make it a little harder to see, but that’s to be expected. On Windows, the touch display supports input by default and on Android, it uses Lenovo’s AnyPen technology. Using the built-in Lenovo Note Saver app, direct input on the display is smooth but writing in third-party app such as AudioNote can get jittery. I prefer AudioNote because it allows for taking notes and simultaneously synchronizing audio recording. I’ve made the feature request and was told this isn’t too difficult to implement. That being said, Lenovo’s Note Saver app does the basics well, but it lacks this more advanced audio feature. Halo Keyboard All Lenovo’s efforts to shed weight and thickness come with a cost, though it’s one that’s fine by me. Goodbye physical keyboard. By eliminating all the keys, Lenovo not only could achieved an incredibly thin and light device, they’ve made one that’s far more versatile in how you’re able to use it. Above the massive 8,500 mAh battery and Intel Atom x5-Z8550 processor – Intel’s Cherry Trail SoC with four cores running at 2.4 GHz, 4GB of RAM, and 64GB of internal storage – is Lenovo’s unique, zero-travel capacitive touch keyboard. It’s protected by Gorilla Glass and treated with an anti-glare coating as well as a slightly grainy finish for a grippier sensation. It’s also meant to help with recognizing key strokes. I’m still not 100-percent about the haptic feedback when you hit a key. It’s not actually localized haptics so you get a sense of vibration in general but not specifically under whichever virtual key you’ve tapped. I’m okay with it for quick use, but anything longer got a little distracting so I turned it off. Still, having localized haptic feedback would get expensive – especially for a device that’s only $499.99 for the Android model I’ve been testing, or $549.99 for the version Windows 10 Home Anniversary Edition. Halo appears when you need it and disappears when you don’t with a press of a button or a touch of an icon in the upper right hand corner. Convenience keys on the keyboard range from volume control, a large backspace, screen brightness adjustment, WiFi toggle, screen capture, home button, and everything else you might ever need – except for a power button. Indeed, my biggest complaint is that reaching for the power button is a chore because the keyboard portion is just so thin. It’s located towards the center on the right hand side, with the volume buttons right above it and the 3.5mm headphone alongside. On the left side, meanwhile, you get a microUSB charging port, microphone, microSD card slot, and a micro HDMI output. No USB-C, sadly, and the integrated WWAN cellular modem some markets will get isn’t coming to the US, which seems a missed opportunity. Finally, both sides get a speaker. Create Pad and Real Pen Without physical keys, the Yoga Book picked up a new feature allowing you to write on what the company refers to as the Create Pad. In short, the Halo Keyboard morphs into a graphics tablet, featuring capacitive touch with Wacom’s Feel technology. With the included pen – Lenovo calls it the “Real Pen” – the digitizing pad is capable of recognizing up to 2,048 levels of pressure sensitivity and 100-degree angle detection. The Real Pen’s cap allows for easy swapping between a mini ballpoint ink tip and the digital stylus, and best of all it doesn’t require a battery or recharging. Instead, it gets its power from the digitizer itself, wirelessly. It’s a comfortable thickness to hold and write or sketch with for extended periods, but unfortunately there’s no space in the Yoga Book itself to dock it. I can see the Create Pad being extremely useful for photo editing, painting, or just simple doodling. The combination of the special Real Pen nib and the surface treatment means digital ink that flows as smooth as butter. Lenovo includes a full copy of ArtRage on the Android version of the Yoga Book, while of course the Windows model can – in theory at least; you might run into power shortcomings given the frugal processor – run any mainstream graphics app. Anyone who prefers the feel of actual pen and paper can get it by overlaying the Book Pad on top of the Create Pad. The magnetized backing holds the stack of paper in place – voila, you’re all set to go. The Book Pad holds a standard A5 sized paper which is available at any office supply store, and as you write with the regular ballpoint pen tip your jottings are automatically captured digitally in the background. Of course, it does involve carrying that stack of paper with you too. In the box, along with the Yoga Book you get the Real Pen – which has a stylus tip attached – along with 3 mini-ball point tips, the Book Pad, and twenty Book Pad refills. Since the paper is standard, and doesn’t require any special dots or markings for your writing to be recognized digitally, you can slot the Yoga Book underneath the pages of your favorite Moleskine or similar notebook, and there’s a fair chance it’ll still support handwriting capture. Expect to pay $39.99 to replace the Real Pen, while a Book Pad refill with 75 pages will set you back $14.9. The Book Pad itself runs to $19.99, while the Real Pen Ink refills cost $14.99 for three. Android or Windows 10? If you’re looking to buy the Yoga Book to replace your laptop running Windows or macOS, it’s a tough call, and depends a lot on what you plan on doing with it. For me personally, Lenovo’s 2-in-1 is perfect for quick tasks such as researching on the web, note-taking, crushing through emails, and even processing images and short videos. Nonetheless, approach the Yoga Book as you might a regular notebook, and you’ll run into some frustrations. For instance, when trying to write this review on the Android-powered Yoga Book itself, I ran into the 2-in-1’s multitasking shortcomings. Out of the box it’s running Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow, which lacks native multitasking support, and so Lenovo implemented a pseudo-multitasking system of its own. Sadly, that only works with a handful of apps; many I wanted to use simply wouldn’t play ball, and I was forced to jump between full-screen apps. Those that do support it, meanwhile, are limited because Lenovo doesn’t allow for resizing the windows. Instead, they’re fixed – can you fit three apps across the display, in slim columns similar in proportion to a smartphone screen – which doesn’t leave much room for doing anything other than simply previewing what’s on there. Since Android 7 Nougat has native multitasking, I’m hoping that arrives sooner rather than later on the Yoga Book. Lenovo previously told us that it expects that to happen sometime this fall, though hasn’t committed to a date yet. For the moment, the iPad Pro has the edge in handling two apps on-screen. Beyond the multitasking issue, everything works great. Microsoft Office users will love that it’s available on Android, and there are a few very good video editing apps for short clips requiring post-edits, which support uploading directly to YouTube, Facebook, or Instagram. Indeed, every single app I rely upon on my Android phone worked with the Yoga Book. Windows fans reading this might well say hey, Windows 10 offers multitasking, which is true. If it’s a big deal for you, I’d highly recommend coughing up the additional fifty bucks. Still, there are other compromises that you should bear in mind. Going with the Windows version does require using Microsoft OneNote for notes, for instance, and though it has a Windows-specific keyboard layout it doesn’t allow for using the digitizer when the display is off for taking notes. The benefit to that, of course, is saving on battery life, with a paper-and-pen experience – albeit an increasingly lost art – that can be less distracting than when you have a screen shining out at you. Taking notes with the display off is easy to setup on-the-fly. After you open the Note Saver mini-window and turn off the display, rotating the device to tablet mode automatically disables the keyboard past 180-degrees; then you simply drop on the Book Pad – or indeed any paper – and start writing or drawing. Double-tapping the pen button starts a new digital page without turning the display back on. The system automatically saves the previous page. As for battery life, I never felt the urge to plug the Yoga Book in. Lenovo says the 8,500mAh battery good for fifteen hours, and it’s certainly more than adequate to get you through a couple of days of typical usage. Though the absence of cellular connectivity is still annoying, I’m glad Lenovo has made sure to include a microSD slot. Android does insist on wiping it out before it can use it as internal storage, mind. There’s an option for transferring data from card to Yoga Book, but I couldn’t get it to work; every time I tried to use a microSD card, it forced me to format it. Finally, there’s the camera. Or, in fact, the two cameras: the front-facing is 2MP with fixed-focus, while the rear is 8MP with auto-focus. Weirdly, the main camera doesn’t face out the back of the display as on the Surface Book and other tablets: instead, it’s on the keyboard side, and is designed to be used when the 2-in-1 is closed or semi closed facing forward, while you use the display to frame your shot. Unfortunately, it means that I can’t replicate how I use the Surface Book to livestream events on Facebook while writing or taking notes. Wrap-Up At the end of the day, I’m not ready to give up on my Surface Book and MacBook just yet. There’s plenty the Yoga Book can do, but the limitations of its Atom processor, compact display, and Halo Keyboard mean that – even in Windows 10 form – this probably isn’t going to be the primary laptop for most people. That being said, running around covering automotive events requires a portable machine with a long battery life, a keyboard for taking notes, audio recorder functionality, and a decent camera for pictures – that machine is the Yoga Book. While it may not do all the heavy lifting such as big post-video processing projects or write a 2,000 word review, the number of times I’ve used it during the day cumulatively adds up to a big chunk of time spent with Lenovo’s notebook rather than my previous go-to laptops or, indeed, my iPad. So, right now it’s a companion machine, albeit a charming and flexible one, though Lenovo isn’t going to leave it at that. The company has already told us that it sees this Yoga Book as just the first in a family of similar notebooks, offering something unique to those users whose requirements don’t begin and end with merely typing. The first Yoga Book may not be all things to everyone, but as a well-made and innovative flag bearer it has me mightily intrigued for the roadmap ahead. Lenovo Yoga Book Review Gallery Tags ComputingLaptopLaptop ReviewsLenovonotebookSlashGear Reviews Must Read Bits & Bytes 2017 Honda Civic Hatchback First Drive Jaguar I-PACE Concept previews Model X rivaling EV for 2018 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Review (late-2016) Surface Book with Performance Base Review 7 ways I’ll escape or mobilize today with technology Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska YourHome1Source.com and ContentPuppy.com Partner to Produce YourHomeTV Producing high quality, affordable video messages and TV ads for U.S. Realtors, home builders & home service firms, for distribution via web, social media and network media News provided by YourHome1Source.com Oct 17, 2016, 09:54 ET Share this article CITRUS HILLS, Fla. and ATLANTA, Oct. 17, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Florida-based YourHome1Source.com announced today a partnership with ContentPuppy.com of Atlanta, GA to produce YourHomeTV, a digital marketing platform to feature products and services of the U.S. home services industry. YourHomeTV writes and produces creative video content and TV commercials designed for the web and social media as well as cable or network TV. YourHomeTV showcases emerging products, trends and opportunities available through leading home service lines including, real estate, home finance, home building, interior design, home furnishings, home technology, home security, home improvement and more. Sean Stockell, CEO of YourHome1Source.com, said, "This is a great partnership. Harry Hayes and his team at ContentPuppy.com are the best. Harry combines video production expertise with 30 years of advertising agency experience. He has written and produced outstanding creative work for companies such as AT&T, Anheuser Busch, CDW, Georgia-Pacific, PulteGroup, DirectTV and Intel. Now we're teaming to showcase home products in new and interesting ways, allowing leading home product brands to reach home owners where they are today – on the web, on social media and on network television." Harry Hayes, Founder & CEO of ContentPuppy.com, said, "YourHome1Source.com has developed a colorful, interactive and convenient resource for home owners seeking information on home services.  Sean and his team have created a comprehensive, easy-to-navigate site that is quite different from any other real estate or home services website. YourHome1Source.com is rapidly becoming the go-to website, and their new YourHomeSavings App enables home service professionals to easily and conveniently transact business in the field. With the addition of YourHomeTV, YourHome1Source.com becomes an even more powerful promotional resource for the home services industry. Realtors, builders, mortgage lenders and other home service companies can create engaging video content, conveniently and cost effectively, and then utilize that content to connect with consumers – potentially millions of consumers – through one of the fastest growing websites for home services."   About YourHome1Source.com Financial Fitness, LLC developed YourHome1Source.com to provide a Single-Site Resource for consumers seeking practical and reliable information on residential real estate services. Our primary purpose is to help people make informed decisions on matters related to their home. We research a variety of home services, look for service leaders in each category and through our findings and the guidance of these service leaders, we provide consumers with practical advice and cost-saving opportunities in all home services categories. The website is free for consumers and provides an affordable nationwide marketing venue for home service professionals. To learn more, visit: http://www.yourhome1source.com/ About ContentPuppy.com Content Puppy LLC provides quality content writing and content creation services. We write, design and produce creative, engaging content that drives clicks and builds website traffic for our clients. From blog posts to Internet videos, we've created content marketing materials for a wide range of brands and business sectors, including real estate and home services, consumer products, healthcare, telecommunications, technology and manufacturing. We pride ourselves on industry knowledge and experience, but if we don't know your industry we'll find somebody who does. To learn more, visit: http://contentpuppy.com/ (CLICK TO TWEET) Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160420/357808LOGO   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/yourhome1sourcecom-and-contentpuppycom-partner-to-produce-yourhometv-300345749.html SOURCE YourHome1Source.com Related Links http://www.yourhome1source.com Oct 04, 2016, 09:54 ET Preview: YourHome1Source.com Launches YourHomeSavings for Home Service Professionals My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Oct 04, 2016, 09:54 ETYourHome1Source.com Launches YourHomeSavings for Home Service... Jun 21, 2016, 09:52 ETBuying a Home? Looking for a Mortgage Calculator and Much More?... Explore More news releases in similar topics Home Improvement Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Computer Electronics Multimedia & Internet Social Media You just read: YourHome1Source.com and ContentPuppy.com Partner to Produce YourHomeTV News provided by YourHome1Source.com Oct 17, 2016, 09:54 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
InsideTimmies SyrupShop Community News Phones Phones The $599 OnePlus 3T will launch in Canada on November 22nd November 15, 2016 OnePlus launches teaser game for fans to play while waiting for the 3T November 15, 2016 Win a Telus Google Pixel XL November 14, 2016 BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 What to expect from Microsoft’s October 26th Windows event October 25, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables New video shows Nokia’s cancelled ‘Moonraker’ smartwatch in action November 15, 2016 W|W: The Wearable Weekly – Virtual Reality is now the superior reality November 15, 2016 Apple looking to expand wearable product line by testing smart glasses, says report November 14, 2016 Samsung tears down its own Gear S3 smartwatch to reveal what’s inside November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Apple releases $300 coffee table book devoted to its products November 15, 2016 Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 Google’s Daydream View VR headset is now available in Canada for $99 November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 Tesla acquires automated manufacturing company to boost production November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Apple is now cleaning up its App Store with nearly 50,000 apps removed in October November 15, 2016 Here’s how to mute keywords and phrases on Twitter November 15, 2016 Snapchat parent company has reportedly confidentially filed for IPO November 15, 2016 Google launches PhotoScan to optimize print photographs for digital November 15, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Videotron says it’s testing internet that can reach download speeds of up to 10Gbps November 15, 2016 Vidéotron once again snags top telecom provider in Quebec November 14, 2016 Rogers and Fido’s new EnRoute tool lets customers track technicians from their phone November 14, 2016 Public Mobile launches U.S. roaming options [Update] November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Samsung acquires Halifax-based Rich Communications Services November 15, 2016 Winnipeg man says Samsung Galaxy S7 combusted in his hands November 15, 2016 Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Asus to unveil Google Tango-enabled AR smartphone in January November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Jaguar takes aim at Tesla with electric I-Pace concept car November 15, 2016 Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 Science News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of science [App of the Week] September 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 A look at the 2016 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Gallery] November 14, 2016 Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 SyrupCast 92: Goodbye Guy, Hello Elon’s driverless future October 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Here’s what living the USB-C dongle life is like November 15, 2016 Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 What it’s like to be a Canadian at Google’s Indie Games Festival October 5, 2016 What Shomi’s closure means for the Canadian streaming market September 27, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 Do a backflip in Pumped BMX 3 [Game of the Week] November 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's Here’s how to mute keywords and phrases on Twitter November 15, 2016 How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests News Phones Phones The $599 OnePlus 3T will launch in Canada on November 22nd November 15, 2016 OnePlus launches teaser game for fans to play while waiting for the 3T November 15, 2016 Win a Telus Google Pixel XL November 14, 2016 BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 What to expect from Microsoft’s October 26th Windows event October 25, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables New video shows Nokia’s cancelled ‘Moonraker’ smartwatch in action November 15, 2016 W|W: The Wearable Weekly – Virtual Reality is now the superior reality November 15, 2016 Apple looking to expand wearable product line by testing smart glasses, says report November 14, 2016 Samsung tears down its own Gear S3 smartwatch to reveal what’s inside November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Apple releases $300 coffee table book devoted to its products November 15, 2016 Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 Google’s Daydream View VR headset is now available in Canada for $99 November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 Tesla acquires automated manufacturing company to boost production November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Apple is now cleaning up its App Store with nearly 50,000 apps removed in October November 15, 2016 Here’s how to mute keywords and phrases on Twitter November 15, 2016 Snapchat parent company has reportedly confidentially filed for IPO November 15, 2016 Google launches PhotoScan to optimize print photographs for digital November 15, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Videotron says it’s testing internet that can reach download speeds of up to 10Gbps November 15, 2016 Vidéotron once again snags top telecom provider in Quebec November 14, 2016 Rogers and Fido’s new EnRoute tool lets customers track technicians from their phone November 14, 2016 Public Mobile launches U.S. roaming options [Update] November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Samsung acquires Halifax-based Rich Communications Services November 15, 2016 Winnipeg man says Samsung Galaxy S7 combusted in his hands November 15, 2016 Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Asus to unveil Google Tango-enabled AR smartphone in January November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Jaguar takes aim at Tesla with electric I-Pace concept car November 15, 2016 Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 Science News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of science [App of the Week] September 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 A look at the 2016 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Gallery] November 14, 2016 Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 SyrupCast 92: Goodbye Guy, Hello Elon’s driverless future October 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Here’s what living the USB-C dongle life is like November 15, 2016 Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 What it’s like to be a Canadian at Google’s Indie Games Festival October 5, 2016 What Shomi’s closure means for the Canadian streaming market September 27, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 Do a backflip in Pumped BMX 3 [Game of the Week] November 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's Here’s how to mute keywords and phrases on Twitter November 15, 2016 How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests Close Rogers Q3 2016 revenue increases to $3.49B in Guy Laurence’s final quarter as CEO Toronto-based Ecobee launches new ‘lite’ smart thermostat for $219 Thalmic Labs opening 50,000-square-foot Waterloo factory to build its next wearable device Ian Hardy October 17, 2016 9:30am Thalmic Labs, the creator of the Myo armband, announced it will manufacture its next product in Waterloo. A report from The Record, CEO Stephen Lake stated the company will open a 50,000-square-foot factory on 173 Roger Street and will employ approximately 100 people in January. Last month, Thalmic raised $120 million (USD) in funding from Intel Capital, Fidelity Investments Canada, and the Amazon Alexa Fund and teased it will “have new products in the pipeline” that specifically relates to “human computer interaction.” The new Roger Street factory will solely be for its next wearable device targeted to the consumer market. “We are going to be making those future products right here in Waterloo,” Lake said. “We haven’t talked specifics about the products in development. I would love to, and when we can, we will definitely share it. There are a lot of advantages to maintaining that control and proximity to your manufacturing… It lets us innovate on the actual processes to make these things. We think there is a huge amount of skilled labour here because BlackBerry did the bulk of its manufacturing in town here until 2009.” A dedicated signup page on Thalmic’s website hints a new device is coming, noting, “At Thalmic Labs, we’re making revolutionary wearable technologies that will fundamentally change the way we interact with computers. We’re developing new computer interfaces to seamlessly blend the real and digital worlds.” Source The Record Get Updates Sign-up for MobileSyrup news sent straight to your inbox Categories News Reviews Features Resources Contests Contact About Us Advertise Jobs Social Twitter Pinterest Facebook RSS Google+ Instagram YouTube Search Get Updates © 2016 MobileSyrup.com. Privacy | Terms of Use
null
  Foreign Affairs Defense Affairs Provincial News N. Korea Embassy Foreign Community Education Issue Today Airlines Video Obituary Country Report Multicultural Youth Award Korean Medical Pioneers Unsung Heroes Business Finance Stock Industry Meet The CEO Automotive Economic Essay Contest Rediscovering Korean History Briefs Mobile Science Game Life Arts & Museums Hallyu Fashion Book Entertainment Korean Masters Traditional Movie Music Performance Religion Weekender Around Town Translation Award Graphic News Football Baseball Golf Other Sports 2016 Rio Olympics Briefs Editorial Columnists Reporter's Notebook Guest Column Thoughts of the Times Letter to the Editor Times Forum Cartoon Today in History Country Report Today's Topic PodCast Wed, November 16, 2016 | 15:57    Forgot password?|Register| Subscription 구독신청 | PDF |Site map        ENGLISH   l   KOREAN   /            Technology> Briefs> Posted : 2016-10-17 17:50 Updated : 2016-10-17 18:18 Samsung advancing toward single-digit nano tech By Yoon Sung-won Samsung Electronics said Monday it has introduced 10-nano process for the mass-production of system large-scale integration (LSI) semiconductor chips for the first time in the world. The 10-nano semiconductor products will first be adopted for devices to be rolled out early next year, the company said. It also underlined that it plans to capitalize on the cutting-edge technology for futuristic functionalities. "Starting from the mass-production in the first-generation of 10-nano process (10LPE), we are developing the second-generation process (10LPP) for commercial use by 2017," a Samsung Electronics official said. "Even after the second-generation process, we plan to use the 10-nano process for a long time through continuous improvements." As Samsung Electronics faces challenges by its system LSI sector rivals TSMC and Intel in the race to introduce single-digit nano processes, the company, which already has leadership with the current 14-nano process, is expected to push for the 10-nano process as an efficient and reliable buffer before it introduces the next-generation 7-nano technology in 2018 at the earliest. "Considering the overall trends, the 10-nano is the most effective process with the best commercial viability for now," Samsung Electronics System LSI Marketing Vice President Ben Hur said during a conference call earlier in July. "We are ready to release the prototype of 7-nano product anytime. But what matters is when to commercialize it." Last week, TSMC said it started developing the 3-nano process. The world's largest semiconductor foundry enterprise, which used to manufacture mobile application processors (AP) for Apple alongside Samsung Electronics, recently became the sole provider of APs for Apple's iPhone 7 and the larger 7 Plus. In the meantime, Samsung Electronics has produced Qualcomm's 14-nano Snapdragon 820 processors as well as its own Exynos APs. The company is expected to produce Qualcomm's Snapdragon 830 APs through the new 10-nano process by the end of this year. Samsung Electronics said the first-generation 10-nano process has 27 percent higher performance, 40 percent less energy consumption and about 30 percent more manufacturing output per wafer compared to the first-generation 14-nano process. For the 10-nano process, the company has applied the triple-patterning technology, which repeats patterning of elaborate circuit design on a wafer board three times, to the equipment it has used for the 14-nano process. "The introduction of 10-nano logic process proved that our nano process technology is leading the industry," Samsung Electronics' system LSI division foundry business executive vice president Yoon Jong-shik said. "We will boost the system LSI business by continuing to secure nano process technologies and provide clients with differentiated semiconductor products." Aiming at expanding its presence in the foundry business, the company said it is working with its clients and partners to verify the design tool for 10-nano process and providing them with design kits. Meanwhile, the company said last week it expanded the application of its 14-nano process technology to the manufacturing of its Exynos AP for wearable devices. It has already applied the 14-nano process both premium and middle-class mobile device APs since early this year. "The new product suggests a new paradigm of wearable system-on-a-chip based on low power technology, integrated modem and connectivity as well as innovative packaging technology," Hur said. "This will dramatically extend use time of devices and realize slimmer designs, contributing to the advancement of wearable devices." yoonsw@ktimes.com Koo saves the day and Stielike BigBang's T.O.P to be conscripted poli... Outspoken rappers under fire for keepi... Korean favorite 'Jekyll & Hyde' return... 'Legend of the Blue Sea is our own anc... Lee Bo-mi aims to top JLPGA money list... 1. 2 ex-presidential aides to be questioned over Choi Soon-sil scandal 2. Number of would-be job seekers on increase, adding to unemployment rate 3. Democratic Party leader proposes talks with Park 1. 160,000 Koreans in US illegally to face deportation under Trump presidency 2. Koreans also target of racist incidents after Trump victory 3. N. Koreans want Kim Jong-un's uncle to take over 4. Peace is a new norm at protest 5. Park has no way out but to give up power 6. Overseas Koreans join protests against Park Geun-hye 7. 3.5-magnitude earthquake jolts southern city of Boryeong 8. Train operator's pep talk to protesters 9. President faces questioning this week 10. President faces questioning this week | A police officer photographs protesters near the No.1 national treas... The Korea Duck Association and the Hankook Ilbo, a sister paper of T... John McEnroe Jr., the former world’s No. 1 tennis player, answ... Merck Korea Managing Director Michael Grund, right, and Incheon Free... First place finisher Shim Suk-hee of Korea races during the wom... Amway Korea CEO Park Se-joon, left, poses with Oh Chang-hee, chairma... An employee of Samsung C&T Corp. right, builds a brick wall alon... Cincinnati Bengals Dre Kirkpatrick, left, tackles New York Giants Ra... An LG Electronics employee promotes the company’s organic ligh... Korea Electric Power Corporation (KEPCO) employees pose after partic... About Times | Times History | Privacy Statement (개인정보 취급방침) | Contents Distribution | Media Kit | Contact Us | Location | Ombudsman | NIETimes      
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Drivers Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > Drivers > Blog FLASH SALE: SpyShelter Firewall      30% OFF! ASRock Rolls Out BIOS 7.00 for Some of Its Motherboards - Download Now The new version updates Intel microcode and TPM module Oct 17, 2016 12:56 GMT  ·  By Iulian Pascal  ·  Share:  Just now, ASRock has rolled out a new BIOS package developed for some of its motherboards, namely version 7.00, compatible with the B150M Pro4V, Z170M Pro4S, and B150M-HDV devices, which update the units’ Intel microcode and TPM module. If you intend to make use of these changes, first know that the producer has provided 3 downloadable packages for each board and BIOS version that describe different flashing methods. To be clear, if you want to use the DOS archive, save and extract the content onto a USB stick, connect it to the computer, and run the appropriate file from a DOS command screen. The same steps apply to the Instant Flash file as well, but its content must be used from the BIOS’ flash utility. Last but not least, the Windows-related archive must also be extracted just like the previous two packages, and the available executable must be run. However, when using this method you should close all programs that might interfere with this process before initiating the upgrade. Bear in mind that BIOS flash processes are risky tasks that should be performed only by users who have the knowledge to successfully complete the update, and only when the newer version specifically resolves an issue that your board has been encountering. With this in mind, from the links below, follow the one that best describes your ASRock motherboard, take into account all aforementioned aspects, and enjoy your newly-improved devices. Download ASRock B150M Pro4V BIOS 7.00 Download ASRock Z170M Pro4S BIOS 7.00 Download ASRock B150M-HDV BIOS 7.00 #B150M Pro4V#Z170M Pro4S#B150M-HDV#BIOS#ASRock reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Download BIOS 0054 for Intel’s DN2820FYKH Next Unit Computing Kit MSI’s GT72S 6QD Dominator G Tobii Notebook Receives Drivers for Windows 10 Download Drivers for MSI GT72VR 6RD Dominator Tobii Notebook Intel Rolls Out BIOS 0056 and 0359 for Its NUC Kits - Download Now Firefox 50.0 Officially Released for Linux, Mac and Windows, Here's What's New Some U.S. Android Phones Have Secret Backdoor That Sends Data to China Apple Insider Says iPhone 6 Plus Has a Major Bug, Company Should Start Recall Hackers Steal FIFA Currency, Buy Houses and Expensive Cars with the Money NVIDIA Makes Available GeForce Graphics Driver 375.86 - Get It Now Panasonic Rolls Out Firmware 2.6 for its DMC-GH4 Camera - Download Now ASRock Rolls Out New BIOS Update for Some of Its Motherboards Nikon Updates Firmware for Its COOLPIX A300 Camera - Get Version 1.2    Some ASRock boards get BIOS 7.00 New Apps GdPicture.NET Document Imaging SDK: Full-Featured and Royalty Free Document Imaging toolkit for .NET allows you to implement viewing, processing, printing or scanning files SmartFTP FTP Library: Integrate FTP and SFTP file transfer capabilities into your software with the help of this advanced FTP library ActiveX component (COM) Norton AntiVirus Virus Definitions: Signature packanges containing the latest free virus databases for various Symantec antivirus software for both home and business use Curse: Connect, chat, share files and send messages to friends from the games you are playing fast and easy with this intuitive application Kaspersky Virus Removal Tool: Detects viruses and other infections that may have reached one's computer with the aid of different scan modes provided by Kaspersky MediaGet: Search and download torrents from the Internet, being able to use the integrated media player to watch movies without even saving them to your PC first App Builder: Visually design HTML5 apps in a variety of sizes, without prior knowledge of programming techniques, thanks to this straightforward tool Reader comments Intel Makes Available Iris and HD Graphics 21.20.16.4542 - Download Now more on: HD Graphics i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2016 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy feedback      
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health Food Travel Autos Video news You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Attractive online gadget deals are back with a bang during festive season Livemint 17-10-2016 Abhijit Ahaskar It is extremely unlikely that you didn’t notice the online shopping festivals on Amazon.in, Flipkart.com and Snapdeal.com earlier this month. Whether you splurged or not is another matter. Some of us do tend to over-think stuff, which may have meant that you missed out on a deal as you contemplated whether to splurge or not. Amazon is now back with the second big shopping festival, the Great Indian Festival. The bonanza offers discounts and exchange deals on gadgets. Here are some interesting deals that might help you save a few bucks. Lenovo Z2 Plus Rs19,999 (up to Rs13,600 on exchange) Amazon.in Lenovo latest flagship killer is one of the few phones that doesn’t seem to have got anything wrong. The 5-inch display is ideal for users who are more at home with small screen phones. The glass back does feel a bit slippery but in terms of performance it has very few rivals at this price. It runs a clean version of Android and is powered by Qualcomm’s flagship Snapdragon 820 quad core processor with 3GB RAM in the 32GB variant and 4GB RAM in the 64 GB version. The battery backup is impressive and the camera better than its rivals. Apple iPhone SE Price: Rs30,500 (Earlier Rs39,000) Amazon.in Apple iPhone SE is a lot more powerful than the older small screen iPhones. The phone’s holds it won even though big screen phones are more in vogue these days. The phone retains the same design language as the iPhone 5s but comes in a more attractive rose gold colour option. More importantly, it runs on the same A9 Fusion Chip that powers the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, which makes it better equipped at handling the new iOS 10 operating system. It is ideal for camera buffs with small hands. Asus RoG (GL552VW) laptop Price Rs81,825 (earlier Rs90,990) Amazon.in If you have been looking for a proper gaming rig with a high-end configuration, you should consider the Asus RoG (Republic of Gamers) laptop. The event price cut makes it cheaper by almost `10,000. It has the typical RoG design— the metallic lid with a skull shield at the top and illuminated backlit keyboard. The laptop is powered by Intel’s 2.6GHz i7 processor (6th gen) with 8GB RAM and Nvidia’s top of the line GTX 960M 4GB graphics card. It runs Windows 10 and has a 1TB of HDD storage. The 15.6-inch display has a resolution of 1,920x1,080p which is not bad by the standards of a gaming laptop . OnePlus 3 Price: Rs27,999 (up to Rs16,000 after exchange) Amazon.in If you are looking for a big screen (5.5-inch) phone with element of a powerful flagship minus the part where you have to spend `40,000, you should ideally splurge on the OnePlus 3. The ongoing deal allows you to exchange your old handset and get a discount of up to `16,000 if it belonged to the high-end segment. If you own a OnePlus 2, the discount will be lesser though. You can still get a discount of `5,000 which is not bad. The OnePlus 3 is more powerful phone than its predecessor and doesn’t suffer from the heating issues either. It runs on Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 with 6GB RAM and offers 64GB storage. Asus ZenPad C tablet Price: Rs6,999 (earlier Rs9,499) Flipkart.com It is hard to come by good tablet from a reliable brand in the budget of `5,000 to `7,000. Asus ZenPad C is a lot better than the tablets selling at the `6,999 price point. It comes with a 7-inch screen with a resolution of 1,024x600p. You get 8GB as internal storage, up to 64GB via microSD card and another 5GB in Asus Cloud storage. It is powered by Intel’s 64-bit Atom X3 quad-core processor with 1GB RAM and has a 3,450mAh battery. It runs Android 5.1 with Asus’ Zen UI, which looks a lot more user-friendly on bigger screen. Apple Watch Price: Rs17,900 (earlier Rs24,999; first generation) Flipkart.com While the release of new apple watches, it is only logical to expects discounts on its predecessor. This deal is available on the variant with 38mm diameter, which looks as big as a regular watch. It runs on Apple’s Watch OS 3 and works with Apple Music, Messages, Mail and Evernote. Like most smart watches it can keep track of the number of steps walked, stairs claimed as well as heart rates. It works with all iPhones released after iPhone 5 (via Bluetooth) and lasts one day at most on a single charge. Fitbit Charge 2 fitness band Price: Rs11,999 (earlier Rs14,999) Amazon.in It’s is rare to come across discounts on a product that was recently launched. Interestingly Fitbit’s new smartwatch Charge 2 is selling at price, you can’t ignore. The Charge 2 comes with a bigger display and comes with a heart rate monitor. Besides counting the steps walked, calories burned and keeping tab on your heart beats it can monitor your sleep. Its battery lasts up to 5 days with the heart monitor on, which is impressive. What makes it tad better than other is its satellite app which records all your progress and displays it on a bigger screen of an Android phone or an iPhone. RELATED 4 best smartphones under Rs 20,000 Hidden iPhone features to make your life easier TRENDING NOW The richest person the same age as you 5 ways to check yellow metal's purity ALSO SEE: 25 inspirational quotes from business leaders 25 inspirational quotes from business leaders Go to MSN Home More in News LIVE: 'PM must apologise' Hindustan Times ID copies not must for exchange The Financial Express Pak military drill at India border Associated Press Kejriwal asked to say sorry The Indian Express 'Won't comment on PM's mother' NDTV Right hand to be inked News18 Up Next Sushma suffers kidney failure Hindustan Times More in News Deadly earthquake jolts southern Japan Prince William and Kate visit India and Bhutan Follow MSN India on Facebook for the latest news and updates More From Livemint Nestle takes Maggi off the shelves Livemint In Pakistan, Bollywood's loss has been Iranian, Turkish films' gain Livemint Indian financial services firms lap up on high-profile exits from MNCs Livemint Parliament winter session to feel the heat on currency note ban Livemint Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health Food Travel Autos Video © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Terms of use About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
