Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Monday, 22 May 2017 | MYT 12:49 PM Did your package get dumped in transit? Via cloud, it tells you Want to know if your package got dropped on its way to you? Intel is working on a system that can monitor vibration, temperature, unauthorised openings, and a host of other things on pallets of goods or even individual packages. — Bloomberg After Intel Corp couldn’t find a device that indicated when sensitive chip-making machines tilted too much during shipping, the company decided to build one itself.  The maker of microprocessors teamed up with Honeywell International Inc, which makes hand-held warehouse computers, to create a system that can monitor vibration, temperature, unauthorised openings, and a host of other things on pallets of goods or even individual packages. It is being tested by shippers including Kuehne & Nagel International AG, DHL Worldwide Express and Bertelsmann SE.  The many freight-tracking products now in the US$8tril (RM34.46tril) worldwide logistics market usually only trace a large container or truck. The devices don’t have an on-board computer that gives detailed information and on which new applications can be created, said Martin Kolbe, chief information officer at Switzerland’s Keuhne & Nagel.  “It’s real-time monitoring on the one hand, but you can do much more with the data,” Kolbe said in a telephone interview. “This is creating a new eco-environment where over the next years more solutions will come in.”  The tracking system is part of Intel and Honeywell’s effort to introduce products that use sensors linked to the Internet to collect data on machinery, office buildings, aircraft, and freight to make them operate more efficiently or to spot maintenance problems before a breakdown.  US$10 Price  The Honeywell-Intel product consists of sensors linked to one transponder that relays data to cloud-computing networks where it can be monitored and processed. The sensors, which now cost more than US$10 (RM43) a piece, can be placed on pallets or individual packages while the transponder can be placed among the packages or on the vessel.  Honeywell wants to drive down the price of the sensors to as low as US$2 (RM9), said Taylor Smith president of Honeywell’s workflow solutions business.  Reducing the cost of the system will help gin up demand beyond goods such as medicines, fresh food and high-tech equipment that require close monitoring and have high value. The market for monitoring freight is about US$4bil (RM17.22bil), Smith said.  “We think this could open that market even more,” Smith said.  Insurance companies are keen on the technology’s ability to pinpoint when an incident occurred and what happened to insured cargo, which may speed up claims and settle disputes more clearly regarding who was at fault, Smith said.  Many transportation companies provide tracking services, but it’s a patchwork system with some working better than others, Kolbe said. The ability to track a package that’s handed off among different carriers is appealing, and decisions to reroute or even adjust variables such as temperature could be made on the fly, he said.  “There’s like a mini-PC on board so we can start in the future to think about small algorithms to take local decisions for local conditions,” he said. — Bloomberg Related Stories You May Be Interested Cyberattacks prompt massive security spending surge Older Americans warm to new technology: survey The evolution of mobile phones Coway promotes a healthy lifestyle When the CEO is your mentor 10 after work habits for personal success Others Also Read Family forced to live under flyover Jang giving up LPGA membership, returning to Korean tour Dead and forgotten – hundreds die alone and unclaimed advertisement Latest News Google woos developers to catch Amazon in digital assistant race WannaCry attack is good business for cyber security firms Ex-IBM employee from China pleads guilty to code theft charges Amid industry pushback, China offers changes to cyber rules: sources Did your package get dumped in transit? Via cloud, it tells you Most Viewed in Tech French researchers find way to unlock WannaCry without ransom Uber’s new pricing model tests how much riders will stomach Ex-IBM employee from China pleads guilty to code theft charges WannaCry attack is good business for cyber security firms Ford using first over-the-air software updates to its 2016 cars Amid industry pushback, China offers changes to cyber rules: sources How to password-protect your Windows folders Piracy is theft Antivirus firm warns of cyberattacks on home appliances Google woos developers to catch Amazon in digital assistant race Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
All News | Boards | Chips | Devices | Software | LinuxDevices.com Archive | About | Contact | Subscribe Follow LinuxGizmos: > get email updates < Search LinuxGizmos: Search LinuxGizmos.com + LinuxDevices Archive: LinuxGizmos Sponsor ads: (advertise here) Top 10 trending posts… Arduino Cinque board taps SiFive RISC-V SoC and an ESP32 wireless chip Arduino shows off LoRa gateway and node shields Ubuntu-ready SMB net appliance has dual mini-PCIe slots Intel's "Euclid" robotics compute module on sale for $399 Ringing in 2017 with 90 hacker-friendly single board computers Tizen 4.0 unveiled with a Linux-like RTOS variant for IoT Compact, rugged Apollo Lake computer has swappable SATA Whipping up IBM Watson voice services with OpenWhisk Tiny Snapdragon 820 module offers Linux, Android 7.0, and 9-axis MEMs Open source, $125 NAS SBC has four SATA 3.0 ports Follow LinuxGizmos or subscribe to our posts: Follow: Enter your email address to receive notifications of new posts: Email Address LinuxGizmos Sponsor ads: (advertise here) Intel’s “Euclid” robotics compute module on sale for $399 May 21, 2017 — by Eric Brown — 268 views Intel has launched its “Euclid” robotics compute module, which runs Ubuntu on an Atom x7-Z8700, and offers a RealSense 3D cam, WiFi, and sensors. When Intel demonstrated its Intel Euclid robotics controller at last August’s Intel Developer Conference, the company gave no indication of its release date or even if it would be more than a proof of concept. The candy-bar sized module is now available for order as part of a $399 Intel Euclid Development Kit, with shipments due by the end of the month. A Euclid community site has gone live with tutorials and documentation. Intel Euclid from both sides (click image to enlarge) The Euclid module appears little changed from the prototype, although we now have full specifications, including the identification of the mystery processor. The device runs Ubuntu 16.04 and Robot Operating System (ROS) “Kinetic Kame” on a quad-core, up to 2.4GHz Atom x7-Z8700 of the 14nm “Cherry Trail” family. The x7-Z8700 also powers Intel’s RealSense Smartphone Developer Kit, which uses Google’s Project Tango technology, as well as Intel’s Yocto Project based Aero Compute Board for drones. The other key component is the Intel RealSense depth camera. The camera features a wide-FoV 640 x 480-pixel RGB camera element, along with depth and accelerometer-gyroscope motion sensors. Euclid details (click images to enlarge) Euclid can be used as a full, autonomous “Brain” with sensing capabilities, or as a smart sensor controlled by a more powerful computer. In the second configuration, you can offload vision processing onto Euclid or access raw data from the sensors. IDF 2016 demo of a robot holding its Euclid “brain” in its outstretched arms, while performing a collision avoidance scenario (click images to enlarge) You can also transfer Arduino sketches or ROS code to Euclid over the WiFi connection. In the case of Arduino sketches, Euclid passes them on, over USB, to an Arduino controller embedded in the robotic target. Euclid can be accessed and controlled by a web app from a desktop or Android and iOS mobile devices (see screenshot below). Additional details regarding the Euclid’s control functions are available in the “Using Euclid” section of our IDF 2016 Euclid coverage. Selecting a scenario for transferring to Euclid via the web app (click image to enlarge) The Euclid module runs on 4GB LPDDR3, and offers 32GB eMMC and a microSD slot. The device includes WiFi, Bluetooth 4.0, and GPS, as well as an IR laser projector and wide range of sensors. Other features include a micro-HDMI port, a microphone, speakers, and audio interfaces. The module is further equipped with a USB 3.0 port and dual micro-USB ports for a UART interface and for charging the 3.8V 2000mAh battery, respectively. Specifications listed for the Intel Euclid Development Kit include: Processor — Intel Atom x7-Z8700 (4x Cherry Trail cores @ up to 2.4GHz burst); Intel Gen 8 GPU Memory/storage: 4GB LPDDR3-1600 32GB eMMC MLC 5.0, MicroSD slot for up to 128GB Wireless: 802.11 a/b/g/n, 1×1 dual band Bluetooth 4.0 GPS (GNS, GLONASS, Beidou, Galileo, QZSS, WAAS, EGNOS) Sensors: Integrated Sensor Hub (ISH) Accelerometer, digital compass, gyroscope Ambient light, proximity, thermal Environmental (barometer, altimeter, humidity, temperature) Display/camera: Micro-HDMI port ([email protected] ) IR laser projector Intel RealSense ZR300 camera: Stereo imagers — 2x [email protected] , global shutter, fixed focus, 70° x 46° x 59° FOV RGB camera — 2-megapixel, up to [email protected] , 16:9, rolling shutter, fixed focus, 75° x 41.5° x 68° FOV Depth output — up to 628 × 468 @ 60fps, 16-bit format Min. depth distance — 0.6 M (628 x 468) or 0.5 M (480 x 360) Tracking module — fisheye cam at VGA @ 60fps, 166° × 100° × 133° FOV, 3-axis accelerometer and gryroscope with 50 μsec time stamp accuracy Audio: “Low power” 2x I2S 1W mono speaker Mic with D-MIC, X3, noise cancellation Other I/O: USB 3.0 port Micro-USB OTG port with power Micro-USB 2.0 UART port Other features — ¼-incch standard tripod mounting hole; 2x LEDs; configurable buttons Operating temperature — up to 35°C (still air) Power — 5V/3A via battery terminals; 3.8V 2000mAh battery; 5W nominal consumption; power button and adapter Operating system — Ubuntu 16.04 with ROS “Kinetic Kame”   Further information The Intel Euclid Development Kit is available for $399 with shipments due by May 31. More information may be found on Intel’s Euclid Community page and shopping page.   Related posts: Intel's "Euclid" module is a brain, vision,… Intel "Aero" drone board runs Yocto on Cherry… RealSense Robotics dev kit includes a Raspberry Pi-like SBC Intel reveals Broxton Atoms with Gen9 GPUs ﻿Project Tango resurfaces in Lenovo and Intel phone… New Atom SoC will target IoT devices, says Intel Quad-core Atom based Raspberry Pi lookalike is ready to roll Camera/sensor kit adds obstacle avoidance to drones Linux-friendly drone controller flies on Intel Joule power A trio of community backed x86 hacker SBCs (advertise here) PLEASE COMMENT BELOW Please comment here... Cancel reply (advertise here) The content on this site is copyright © 2007-2017 Rick Lehrbaum unless otherwise noted. Comments are the property of their submitters. Content originally published on LinuxDevices is Copyright © 1999-2017 QuinStreet Inc. and is reproduced here under license from its owner. LinuxGizmos is part of the DeviceGuru Blog Network. Linux is a registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Contact us | Privacy policy | Terms of use | About us | RSS feed
Monday  May 22nd 2017 Home News Features Sports Business Opinion Editorial Image Gallery Contact us     NAVIGATE : Home  » Business » Huawei and Intel sign MOU to accelerate HPC Innovation Huawei and Intel sign MOU to accelerate HPC Innovation May 21, 2017, 7:28 pm Huawei and Intel signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU) to cooperate in high-performance computing (HPC) to provide competitive and innovative HPC products and solutions recently, Huawei and Intel held the global HPC collaboration launch ceremony at Hannover Messe 2017, underscoring the beginning of the two partners' deeper collaboration in HPC innovation. According to the collaboration plan, the two parties will desire to develop HPC solutions based on Huawei servers and cloud platforms which are powered by Intel® Xeon® processor, Intel® Xeon PhiTM processors and Omni-Path Architecture (OPA). Huawei will also build HPC innovation centers in Shenzhen and Chengdu, China, as well as in Munich, Germany. At these centers, the two parties maycarry out joint initiatives such as applicationoptimization, technical training and community development, so that they can provide cutting-edge HPC solution experience and services for customers. Additionally, they will carry out joint exploration and marketing events across the globe. "The combining of Big Data, Cloud, AI, and traditional HPC is bringing new opportunities and vitality to the entire HPC industry. This trend also extends the application of HPC from traditional domains such as CAE simulation, scientific research computing, and oil and gas exploration towards nascent domains such as financial services and network security," said Qiu Long, President, IT Server Product Line, Huawei. "Huawei has synergized its leading engineering and chip expertise in the hardware space with its strength in Big Data and cloud computing. This well positions Huawei for accelerating the HPC industryupgrading as the new opportunities arrive. Huawei will strive to provide customers with leading-edge solutions to help them better compete in emerging sectors such as HPC Cloud, HPDA, and HPC &AI. Intel has been pioneering the HPC industry and is also the most important partner to Huawei in the server domain"    Hits: 81     Send to Friend               Breaking News Await Breaking News.. Last Updated May 22 2017 | 08:32 am ...   Featured News Sri Lanka’­s... 2017-05-21 Read More   Combating Deforestation through... 2017-05-21 Read More   How Royal turned tables on... 2017-05-21 Read More         ARCHIVES RELATED LINKS Monday, 22nd May 2017 [Current Issue] Sunday, 21st May 2017 Saturday, 20th May 2017 Friday, 19th May 2017 Thursday, 18th May 2017 Wednesday, 17th May 2017 Tuesday, 16th May 2017 More Archives World Clock Currency Rates Weather     UPALI NEWSPAPERS (PVT) LTD Copyright © Upali Newspapers (Pvt) Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Solution by Lankacom. Processing Request Please Wait...
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Intel Says It’s Not Licensing Graphics From AMD By Adnan Farooqui on 05/21/2017 12:13 PDT It was reported last week that Intel had started licensing graphics technology from AMD. The company’s agreement with NVIDIA ended earlier this year so it would need a partner and rumors suggested that it was talking to AMD about a possible partnership. Last week’s report suggested that Intel had started paying royalties but the chip giant is now refuting the report. It merits mentioning here that neither Intel nor AMD released any official statement announcing that such a deal had been signed. So it was never confirmed whether or not Intel had really started licensing graphics technology from AMD. “The recent rumors that Intel has licensed AMD’s graphics technology are untrue,” said a spokesperson for Intel. The report came from Fudzilla which claimed that it was “confirmed” that Intel was licensing graphics technology from AMD. However, Intel didn’t announce such a deal and on Wednesday, AMD didn’t say anything about it during its annual analyst meeting. That pretty much meant that there was no truth to the report and if a deal was being discussed between the two companies, it hadn’t been signed yet. Barrons reached out to Intel for more details on whether or not it had decided to license graphics technology from AMD. The company said that it has no further details to provide at this point in time. Filed in Computers. Read more about AMD and Intel. Related Articles 2017-05-16 Intel Reportedly Licensing Graphics Technology From AMD 2017-05-14 Next-Generation Intel Processors May Include Core i9 Variant 2017-03-29 Intel Says Its 10nm Chips Will Be A 'Full Generation' Ahead Of Samsung 2017-03-13 Intel Buys Self-Driving Car Tech Company MobilEye For $15.3 Billion 2016-12-08 Intel Reportedly Chooses AMD Over NVIDIA For Graphics Licensing Deal 2016-05-17 Computex 2016 Dates + Products To Expect 2016-03-18 Intel & AMD Reportedly Discussing GPU Patent Licensing 2015-05-08 AMD Wants To Stop Being Known As The “Cheaper Solution” Apple Patent Hints At The Return Of The MagSafe Connector Tests Find Apple’s Laptop Battery Life Claims Are The Most Accurate Fake iPad Bomb Apparently The Reason Behind Airlines Electronic Ban Apple’s CEO Tim Cook Pledges To Support ‘Pro’ Users Windows 10 Cloud Upgrade To Full Windows Will Be Possible Man Claims His MacBook Pro Saved Him From Taking A Bullet VLC 360-Degree Video Support Finally Arrives This $5 Device Can Hack A Password-Protected Computer In Seconds User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Taiwan News Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Taiwan News Mon, May 22, 2017 - Page 3　 Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp Taiwan News Quick Take Staff writer, with CNA SCIENCE Five Taiwanese win at fair Taiwanese students won five awards at this year’s Intel International Science and Engineering Fair (Intel ISEF) in Los Angeles on Saturday. The winning projects, which won four Intel ISEF grand awards and one American Mathematical Society special award, were chosen among 1,300 works from 78 nations, the National Taiwan Science Education Center said in a statement. The most notable winner was Yeh Chia-yu (葉家宇) from Kaohsiung’s Chung Shan Industrial and Commercial School, who became the first vocational school student to win the award, the center said. In his project that won the third award in the “embedded systems” category, called “Eco paper circuit printer and its applications,” Yeh conducted electricity through paper to make printing more convenient and environmentally friendly. CRIME Stewardess arrested China Airlines on Saturday confirmed that one of its flight attendants was taken into custody by investigators for allegedly carrying illegal drugs into Taiwan from Amsterdam. After investigators found a small amount of marijuana and ecstasy in her luggage, the flight attendant was turned over to the Taoyuan District Prosecutors’ Office on suspicion of having violated the Narcotics Hazard Prevention Act (毒品危害防制條例). The Aviation Police Bureau said this was the first case of an airline crew member being caught allegedly bringing illegal drugs into the nation. The airline said it was “shocked” to learn about the incident and would cooperate closely with the investigators. If the allegations are confirmed to be true, the airline would fire the flight attendant immediately, it said. SPORT Kinmen run draws 1,600 A half-marathon held yesterday in Kinmen’s Jinhu Township (金湖) to boost tourism attracted more than 1,600 runners. Ho Chin-wen (何盡文) finished the 21.1km half marathon in 1 hour, 17 minutes and 32 seconds to take first place in the men’s division, while Fang Yun-ju (方韻如) won the women’s division with a time of 1:52:23, the county government said. The five-run series, beyond showcasing tourism, was the latest effort in the county government’s campaign to promote the sport. Its signature event, the Kinmen Marathon, was certified in 2007 by the Association of International Marathons and Distance Races, making it the first of Taiwan’s outlying islands to meet international standards for marathons, the county government said. SOCIETY Women fined for dog release A woman who cared for up to 50 dogs at a property in Taipei’s Shilin District (士林) and a friend have been fined NT$450,000 for abandoning the animals in New Taipei City, the New Taipei City Animal Protection and Health Inspection Office said on Thursday. The office received reports on Tuesday that two people were seen abandoning 40 to 50 dogs in a mountainous area of the city’s Sanjhih District (三芝). A woman, surnamed Wu (吳), and her friend, surnamed Chen (陳), were each fined NT$150,000 for abandoning the dogs, and Wu was fined an additional NT$150,000 because the dogs had not received rabies shots. The office said Wu had looked after the dogs for seven or eight years, but due to complaints from neighbors about noise, she had tried to give the animals to the Taipei City Government. Because she could not do so without paying NT$2,400 for each dog, she decided to transport the animals to New Taipei City and release them into the wild. This story has been viewed 941 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2017-05-15 to 2017-05-22 Most read Most e-mailed 1 Foreign cram-school teachers to face tighter rules 2 The organic functioning of Taiwan 3 Philippine lawmakers issue statement supporting Taiwan’s WHA attendance 4 Ministry seeks allies’ help with WHA 5 China’s leadership of the WHO has failed MORE  1 EDITORIAL: Chinese ethnicity and Taiwan expats 2 Taipei hopes allies defy China ‘threats’ 3 Foreign cram-school teachers to face tighter rules 4 Responding to the new Silk Road 5 Air raid drill set for north Taiwan this afternoon MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2017 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
TOP NEWS | Latest News | Press Release Term of Use About Us RSS | TWITTER | Facebook | FORUM Monday, 22nd May 2017 Home National International Business Sports Entertainment Science/Tech Environment Feature Photos Bahasa Indonesian students take home awards from intel iISEF 17 hours ago | 1.001 Views Jakarta (ANTARA News) - Four Indonesian high school students took home medals from the Intel International Science and Engineering Fair (Intel ISEF) held at the Los Angeles Convention Center in the United States from May 14 to 19. At the event, the four Indonesian students showcased three independent researches, the Indonesian Institute of Sciences (LIPI) said in a press statement released on Sunday. The Indonesian student who won a grand award from the event is Latifah Maratun Sholikhah of state senior high school SMA 1 in Teras, Boyolali district, Central Java. Latifah was awarded the fourth winner of grand awards for the category of social sciences and behavior through her independent research titled "Abandoned Children: Case Study, Public Stance on HIV/AIDS-Infected Children in Six Sub-districts in Surakarta. Besides the grand award, she also received Honorable Mentions from the American Physiological Association. Latifah was also once awarded first place for social sciences and humanity in the 48th youth scientific writing contest (LKIR) held by LIPI in 2016. Azizah Dewi Suryaningsih of state senior high school SMA Negeri 1 in Yogyakarta was awarded the third winner of special award from the American Geosciences Institute through her independent research titled Bamboo Forest as a Natural Levee of Pyroclastic Flows in Merapi Volcano. Azizah was also once awarded first place for geographic and maritime sciences in the 48th LKIR. Bagus Putra and Made Prasanta of state senior high school SMA Negeri Bali Mandara were awarded the third winner of special award from the American Meteorological Society through their independent research titled Smart Digital Psychrometer for Forecasting Local Weather. They also once won a gold medal from the Indonesian Student Researchers Olympiad 2016 held by the Education and Culture Ministry. This time Intel ISEF was participated in by 1,778 high school students from 78 countries, regions and territories. LIPI has taken part in Intel ISEP since 2011.  (s012) Reported by Martha Herlinawati Simanjuntak (T.SYS/A/S012/S012) Latest News Indonesian students take home awards from intel iISEF 17 hours ago Indonesia is already free from WannaCry ransomware: Minister Rudiantara 17th May 2017 University of Indonesia successfully creates research innovations on disaster mitigation 8th May 2017 Minister inaugurates Indonesia`s first enzyme production unit 28th April 2017 NASA launches super balloon to collect near space data 27th April 2017 Indonesian Chief Security Minister asks regions to apply IT-based public services 25th April 2017 Brain implant lest paralyzed man feed himself using his thoughts 29th March 2017 Banyuwangi in Your Hand app launched 23rd March 2017 www.antaranews.com Copyright © 2017 Latest News Top News National International Business Sports Entertainment Science/Tech Environment Feature TV Otomotif Bola Forum Pembaca Press Release Term Of Use About Us Network Guidelines Twitter Facebook RSS
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 241% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 110% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/21/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 241% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 110% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/21/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: What Will Happen to Intel's Internet of Things Business? The chipmaker talks a lot about its growing IoT business, but it still isn’t generating enough cash to become a major pillar of growth. Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) May 21, 2017 at 8:44AM Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) CEO Brian Krzanich frequently highlights the Internet of Things (IoT) as a key growth market for the aging chipmaker. But critics are quick to point out that the segment generated just 5% of its revenues and 3% of the company's operating income last quarter -- so it's hardly a pillar of growth for the company. Revenue at the business rose 11% annually to $721 million during the quarter, fueled by rising demand for its industrial, video, and automotive chips. But operating income fell 15% to $105 million due to higher investments in driverless cars and other technologies. Intel CEO Brian Krzanich. Image source: Intel. Looking ahead, will Intel's IoT business ever become big enough to be considered a core business? Or will it remain a tiny side business compared to its core PC and data center businesses? Let's take a closer look at four main areas in which Intel's IoT business is expanding. 1. Industrial chips Intel's IoT chips are used across a wide variety of industries, including manufacturing, healthcare, retail, energy companies, and smart homes. These low-powered chips gather information from various devices and transfer them to cloud-based platforms for analysis. That data helps manufacturers optimize production lines, lets healthcare providers track patients' vital signs, and enables energy companies to distribute energy more efficiently. These chips work together with connectivity hardware from other big companies like Cisco, which supplies networking hardware and software for many big companies, and General Electric, which integrates machine-to-machine (M2M) chips and software into its industrial hardware. 2. Driverless cars Intel recently agreed to buy Mobileye (NYSE:MBLY), the world's largest vendor of ADAS (advanced driver assistance systems), for over $15 billion. Mobileye also produces EyeQ computer vision chips that help vehicles "see" and respond to their surroundings. Image source: Getty Images. That purchase will help Intel counter NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA) and Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) in the automotive chip market. NVIDIA already established a first-mover's advantage in the market with its Tegra chips for infotainment and navigation platforms, as well as its Drive PX platforms for autonomous driving. Qualcomm is quickly catching up with its planned takeover of NXP Semiconductors (NASDAQ:NXPI), which will make it the biggest automotive chipmaker in the world. 3. IoT video solutions A crucial core technology in the driverless vehicle push is computer vision. That's why Intel acquired computer vision start-up Movidius last September. Movidius is the developer of Project Tango, a project from Alphabet's Google that creates virtual overlays of real-world surfaces with depth-sensing cameras -- a concept which is related to Intel's own augmented reality headset, Project Alloy. Buying both Movidius and Mobileye should significantly strengthen Intel's own RealSense depth-sensing cameras. Intel's Project Alloy headset. Image source: Intel. But computer vision isn't just for autonomous cars. Intel is also using these video solutions for autonomous drones, security cameras, secure PCs, and industrial systems. Merging its RealSense tech with its acquired computer vision technologies and Atom processors could widen Intel's moat against potential rivals like Qualcomm -- which is also expanding into cars, drones, and cameras with low-power processors. 4. Wearable devices Wearable devices -- powered by the button-sized Curie module or SD-card sized Edison chip -- were featured prominently in Intel's earlier promotions of IoT technologies. The company also acquired fitness watchmaker Basis and smart eyewear maker Recon in 2015. Intel secured high-profile partnerships with Google, Fossil, Oakley, and Tag Heuer to develop new fitness trackers and smartwatches. It even put its chips into a wide variety of bracelets and experimental smart clothing. However, reports of layoffs across the wearables division raised red flags late last year. Intel denied that it was stepping back from wearables, but Qualcomm's recent claim that its ARM-based chips were powering over 80% of the world's Android Wear devices raised serious doubts about Intel's future in wearables. Despite those setbacks, Intel is reportedly still moving ahead with updated versions of its Curie module for fitness trackers, smartwatches, and smart apparel. Should IoT matter to Intel investors? Brian Krzanich claims that the IoT and Data Center businesses complement each other, since all the data from those connected devices will be protected and analyzed across cloud-based servers -- most of which use Intel chips. However, IoT devices powered by chips from other chipmakers, like Qualcomm, also deliver the same data to data centers. Therefore, it might be a stretch to call them complementary businesses. Nonetheless, Intel will likely keep investing in IoT technologies, since the chipmaker estimates that the number of connected devices worldwide could surge to 200 billion by 2020. While Intel's IoT business certainly won't solve its ongoing troubles in the PC and data center markets anytime soon, staying invested in that market will ensure that the chipmaker doesn't miss another major technological shift, as it did with mobile devices about a decade ago. Therefore, investors should keep an eye on this business -- even if it only generates a single-digit percentage of its overall revenues. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Leo Sun owns shares of Cisco Systems and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares), Alphabet (C shares), Nvidia, and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool owns shares of General Electric. The Motley Fool recommends Cisco Systems, Fossil Group, Inc., Intel, and NXP Semiconductors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Leo is a Tech and Consumer Goods Specialist who has covered the crossroads of Wall Street and Silicon Valley since 2012. His wheelhouse includes cloud, IoT, analytics, telecom, and gaming related businesses. Follow him on Twitter for more updates! Follow @TMFSunLion Article Info May 21, 2017 at 8:44AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $35.40 up $0.18 (0.51%) Nvidia NASDAQ:NVDA $136.00 up $3.07 (2.31%) NXP Semiconductors NASDAQ:NXPI $107.75 up $0.48 (0.45%) Qualcomm NASDAQ:QCOM $57.67 up $1.55 (2.76%) Mobileye NYSE:MBLY $61.80 up $0.08 (0.13%) Read More These 3 Stocks Just Raised Their Dividends Will Qualcomm Inc. Sink or Swim? When Will Qualcomm Inc. Close the $38 Billion Buyout of NXP Semiconductors? Qualcomm Gets Double Teamed by Intel and Samsung Better Buy: NVIDIA vs. Qualcomm Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current What Will Happen to Intel's Internet of Things Business? @themotleyfool #stocks $INTC, $NVDA, $NXPI, $QCOM, $MBLY
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 241% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 110% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/21/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 241% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 110% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/21/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Why AMD Investors Shouldn't Lose Faith The stock has fallen, but the company has catalysts. Harsh Chauhan (TechJunk13) May 21, 2017 at 1:03PM Advanced Micro Devices' (NASDAQ:AMD) recent stock run-up came to an end after its shares dropped almost 25% following the release of the company's first-quarter earnings report on May 1. What's surprising is that AMD stock collapsed so spectacularly even though its results were roughly in line with analyst estimates and its second-quarter revenue guidance bested Wall Street expectations. This is an opportunity for savvy investors. The sell-off seems overdone Investors were possibly expecting better results and guidance from AMD than it delivered due to the Ryzen CPU launch last quarter and the Vega graphics processing unit (GPU) and the Naples server chip coming in the current quarter. Additionally, a gross margin forecast of 33%, as compared to the first quarter's 34%, raised concerns about the profitability of the company's new products. Image source: AMD.  However, the sell-off seems overdone, as AMD's performance didn't deviate much from expectations. Of course, it could be that the results and the accompanying guidance weren't exciting enough given the stock's tremendous run over the past year, but the first quarter of the year is a seasonally weak one and the guidance wasn't that disappointing. In fact, the margin guidance was lower because of an accounting change that led to the inclusion of certain manufacturing costs in the cost of goods sold. Additionally, investors shouldn't overlook the fact that AMD's gross margin in the first quarter jumped 2 percentage points from last year thanks to the launch of the new Ryzen processors. What's more, it will experience 2-percentage-point year-over-year gross margin growth in the current quarter if it hits the guidance. New products will act as catalysts Bears argue that AMD shares are priced for perfection. Goldman Sachs analysts, for example, believe that rising operating costs will weigh on its bottom line. But AMD has been ramping up its operating expenses thanks to higher research and development spending in its GPU and server businesses and these expenses should start bearing fruit later this year once its Vega GPUs and Naples server chips hit the market as AMD tries to take the game to NVIDIA and Intel with its latest products. AMD claims that the Naples architecture can perform significantly faster than Intel's top-of-the-line two-socket Xeon chip, thanks to more cores and higher bandwidth memory. If independent tests corroborate AMD's claims, then Intel will have a tough time defending its near-monopoly in the server market. Demand for high-performance server chips is going to take off, thanks to an increase in cloud workloads. Meanwhile, rumors indicate that AMD will launch its Vega GPUs before the end of June, challenging NVIDIA's dominance in the space with a product that could match the performance of the latter's latest GTX 1080Ti GPU. More importantly, AMD could try to undercut NVIDIA on pricing in a bid to win more market share. AMD's earnings could grow rapidly In my opinion, investors shouldn't hit the sell button. AMD's results weren't that bad, and the company's margins are improving from the prior-year period. In fact, a good number of analysts still believe that AMD's earnings will take off both this year and the next. For instance, in the past three months, earnings estimates for AMD for fiscal year 2017 have jumped from $0.06 per share to $0.08 per share. Moreover, its earnings are expected to jump to $0.31 per share in fiscal year 2018, up from the $0.28 per share estimate 90 days ago. This isn't surprising, as AMD has substantially improved its business in recent quarters with market-share gains, and it could keep up the momentum once its new products are rolled out. Harsh Chauhan has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Nvidia. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Harsh Chauhan (TechJunk13) Harsh has been covering technology, and sometimes retail, since 2011. He is focused on finding great businesses for the long run. You can follow him on twitter @techjunk13 Article Info May 21, 2017 at 1:03PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Advanced Micro Devices NASDAQ:AMD $11.41 up $0.14 (1.20%) Read More Why Advanced Micro Devices Stock Surged Today Why Advanced Micro Devices Stock Is Slumping Today 3 Winning Stocks You Never Saw Coming How Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. Makes Most of Its Money Better Buy: Ambarella, Inc. vs. Advanced Micro Devices Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Why AMD Investors Shouldn't Lose Faith @themotleyfool #stocks $AMD
Share 0 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-05-21 Stephen Colbert Comforted By Donald Trump Being ‘Sack-Punched Every Day By Firm Investigative Journalism’ Entertainment 2017-05-21 After 146 Years, Ringling Bros. And Barnum & Bailey Circus Will Perform Last Act Sunday Entertainment 2017-05-21 Jimmy Fallon Tears Into Donald Trump After Being Criticized For Neutral Tone Towards President Entertainment 2017-05-21 Billboard Music Awards 2017: Drake To Have ‘Memorable,’ ‘Astounding’ Performance News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News World 2017-05-22 Donald Trump Turns Secular On Israel Visit: Is President Doing So To Achieve Israeli-Palestinian Peace Deal? News 2017-05-21 5-Year-Old Ohio Boy Walked Two Blocks Barefoot To Get Help After Parents Overdosed On Heroin News 2017-05-21 North Korea Test Missile Passes International Space Station’s Height — Ready For Deployment? News 2017-05-21 Did Coverage Of El Chapo’s Rival Lead To The Death Of A Mexican Journalist? [Opinion] Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-05-21 AJ Styles Reveals That Selflessness Earned Vince McMahon’s Trust In Him Wrestling 2017-05-21 ‘WWE Backlash’: Social Media Reacts To Usos Vs. Breezango Tag Team Championship Match Football 2017-05-21 Closer Look At The Washington Redskins Options At Linebacker In 2017 Sports 2017-05-21 Gisele Bündchen & Tom Brady: Is the Supermodel Finally Opening Up Conversation On NFL Health Repercussions? Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-05-21 Tired Of Being Single? Embrace ‘Sologamy’ And Marry Yourself Lifestyle 2017-05-19 Dunkin’ Donuts Gives Away Free Frozen Coffee Samples Today, And ‘Freeze The Day With $1K’ Giveaway Ends Today Lifestyle 2017-05-18 Slurpee ‘Bring Your Own Cup Day’ Returns To 7-Eleven For 2017, What You Need To Know About #BYOCUPDAY Lifestyle 2017-05-15 5 Lessons In Running A Successful Business, According To Kylie Jenner Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-05-21 Family Spots Miracle Baby’s Rare Eye Cancer In Photos Health 2017-05-21 CDC Warning: Pool Water Hazardous For Your Health, Dangerous Parasite Could Lurk In Pools And Water Parks Health 2017-05-21 Seed Ticks: A Tick So Tiny You Could Miss 150 On Your Body, As One Mother Discovered Health 2017-05-20 Pope Francis Says That Embryos Should Never Be Used In Research, Not Even To Fight Incurable Diseases Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-05-22 ‘Gwent: The Witcher Card Game’ Public Beta Marks Its PS4 Debut, 3 Reasons It Is A Must-Play Gaming 2017-05-21 ‘Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2’ Nintendo Switch Version Release Date Confirmed In Fall This Year Gaming 2017-05-21 South Park: Fractured But Whole Release Date Finally Revealed Gaming 2017-05-21 ‘Clash Of Clans’ Massive Boat Update Might Finally Land On May 23-25 BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-05-21 Competitive Eater Matt Stonie Goes Viral By Eating 5 Chipotle Burritos, Diet Coke To Honor Past Viral Video BuzzWorthy 2017-05-21 Mom Shares an Open Letter to Principal Who Sent Her Daughter Dress Code Violation Warning BuzzWorthy 2017-05-21 Clint Eastwood Attends Cannes Film Festival, Is Willing To Act Again BuzzWorthy 2017-05-21 Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau Photobomb Prom Pictures in Vancouver SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Why The 2017 MacBook Pro Is Worth Waiting For, And Why The 2016 MacBook Pro Is A Terrible Buy Today [Opinion] Gadgets 0 0 0 May 21, 2017 Why The 2017 MacBook Pro Is Worth Waiting For, And Why The 2016 MacBook Pro Is A Terrible Buy Today [Opinion] Simon Alvarez The following article is entirely the opinion of Simon Alvarez and does not reflect the views of the Inquisitr. There is no denying that the 2016 MacBook Pro series is a beautiful line of hardware. The laptops themselves are sleek and attractive, and their build quality is just stunning. While the machines were a treat to the eyes, however, they were not so stunning regarding the hardware they offered and the price they commanded. Now, with rumors stating that Apple is gearing up for a June release of a revamped line of MacBooks, it appears that those thinking of purchasing a MacBook Pro would be better off waiting for the 2017 devices to be rolled out. The 2016 MacBook Pros are not weak devices by any means. Equipped with Intel’s 6th-generation Skylake processors, the MBP 2016 series performed adequately for most users. Unfortunately, the devices were quite horrible regarding upgradability, as everything, including the RAM chips of the laptops, were impossible to upgrade. Thus, despite the 2016 MacBook Pro series’ tricks such as the Touch Bar, the machines have not really become as revolutionary as they could have been. This is where the 2017 MacBook Pro comes in. Predictions about the 2017 laptops have long dominated the rumor mill, with speculations pointing to a possible processor and memory upgrade for the upcoming professional-grade machines. According to persistent rumors about the device, the MacBook Pro 2017 would finally be equipped with the best processors available in the market right now, Intel’s 7th-generation Kaby Lake chips, according to a TechRadar report. Apart from this, the memory of the machines is also rumored to be set for an upgrade, with the entry-level variants being fitted with 16GB of RAM across the board and the top-tier models being equipped with a hefty 32GB of RAM. @jordanhudgens – The office this morning is pretty nifty – #angular #angular2 #nodejs #angularjs #code #coder #coding #dev #developer #development #firebase #html #html5 #css #css3 #javascript #js #macbook #macbookpro #nodejs #java #php #software #tech #technology #ruby #webdesign #webdeveloper #sublimetext A post shared by WorldCode Community (@worldcode) on May 21, 2017 at 5:40am PDT These are all speculations, of course, but considering Apple’s upgrade cycles and conventions, these rumors do make sense. For one, there is little doubt that Apple would release a follow-up to last year’s devices, considering how polarizing the machines proved to be. The fact that the 2016 MBP series launched with outdated Intel chips practically made them halfway obsolete as they hit the market. Couple that with upgrade restrictions and a notable reliance on dongles, and the 2016 MacBook Pro series became known as devices that are flawed and full of compromises. These flaws, of course, could be addressed by Apple this year. With the upcoming release of the MacBook Pro 2017, Apple would have the chance to ensure that its professional-grade laptops could really be worthy of its moniker. If Apple could balance out and refine the MacBook Pro series this year, the Cupertino-based tech giant would definitely have a much more competitive machine on its hands. The 2017 MacBook Pro would definitely not be a radical upgrade over the 2016 iteration of the powerful laptop. If Apple’s reputation and conventional refresh cycles are any indication, there is a good chance that the Cupertino-based tech giant would equip the 2017 MacBook Pro with upgrades under the hood, similar to what it did for the 12-inch MacBook when it was upgraded last year. ✔️ Photo: @satechi A post shared by Apples Fresh (@applesfresh) on May 21, 2017 at 6:35am PDT While the upgrades to the 2017 MacBook Pro would most probably not be visible on the surface, the updates that Apple would equip the device with would definitely make it a worthy purchase. If any, the incremental updates to the device, even if it only came in the form of a Kaby Lake and 16GB RAM upgrade, would go a long way in establishing the current generation of MacBooks as serious productivity machines. This, of course, also means that consumers who are looking to purchase a new Apple laptop would wise to wait for the release of the revamped machines before buying one, even if the 2016 devices are already getting price cuts in numerous online stores. The 2017 MacBook Pro series is speculated to be released this coming June during Apple’s WWDC. Pricing for the updated devices has neither been leaked nor officially revealed, though speculations are high that the upcoming machines would be priced similarly to their predecessors. [Featured Image by Stephen Lam/Getty Images] Share 0 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Contributor Simon Alvarez Tags: 2017 MacBook Pro, Apple, macbook pro May 19, 2017 ‘Shameless’ Star Emmy Rossum Will Direct An Episode Of Season 8 May 19, 2017 PSY Opens Up About ‘Gangnam Style’ Craze, Claims To Have Contracted An ‘American Disease’ Of Arrogance Comments LATEST HEADLINES Odd UFO Sighting Group In Australia Causes A Government Controversy Donald Trump Turns Secular On Israel Visit: Is President Doing So To Achieve Israeli-Palestinian Peace Deal? ‘The Originals’ Season 4, Episode 10 Spoilers: Freya And Hayley’s Risky Mission To Save A Loved One ‘Gwent: The Witcher Card Game’ Public Beta Marks Its PS4 Debut, 3 Reasons It Is A Must-Play Melania Trump Ditched The Headscarf And Saudi Arabia Has Surprising Reaction ‘Game Of Thrones’ Prequel: Belfast Film Students Make ‘GOT’ Short Film And It Is Amazing! [Watch] ‘Young And The Restless’ Spoilers: Victoria Blames Billy, Asks Victor For Help, Cane & Lily’s Teen Twins Competitive Eater Matt Stonie Goes Viral By Eating 5 Chipotle Burritos, Diet Coke To Honor Past Viral Video Finding Life On Mars: Key Could Be In Ancient Australian Rocks Robyn Dixon Describes ‘RHOP’ Episode In Which Juan Made Shocking Confession As ‘Emotional’ Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Trending Stories Jared Kushner Investigation: Top W.H. Aide Reportedly ‘Person Of Interest’ In Quickly Expanding Russia Probe 25.3k 0 0 Disney Announces Huge Partnership With LuLaRoe For Official Disney-Themed Line Of Leggings And More Collection 23.4k 0 0 A Tete-A-Tete With Jordan Patch And April The Giraffe 17.6k 0 0 Vice President Mike Pence, Speaker Ryan, And Mitch McConnell Implicated In Cover Up 15.8k 0 0 Impeachment Coming? House Judiciary Committee Reportedly Starting Process To Remove President From Office 14.8k 0 0 Kourtney Kardashian Celebrated Mother’s Day By Getting Totally Naked Again 18.5k 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr.
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK Gear & Gadgets — LG Gram review: Amazingly light laptop either needs to be cheaper or better It’s a competitive market and others do better on the details. Andrew Cunningham - May 21, 2017 2:00 pm UTC reader comments 37 Share this story The 13.3-inch version of the LG Gram. Andrew Cunningham The webcam is mounted below the display. The keyboard is good, and the trackpad is OK, but it isn't a Microsoft Precision Touchpad. Andrew Cunningham The fingerprint reader is small and a bit fiddly. Andrew Cunningham The Gram’s design isn’t bad, but it’s generic to the point of blandness. Andrew Cunningham The LG logo is pretty much the only thing that breaks up a seat of matte grey. Andrew Cunningham Left side: Power, USB, HDMI, USB-C, indicator lights. Andrew Cunningham Right side: microSD, headphones, USB, lock slot. Andrew Cunningham The underside of the laptop looks just like the rest of it. Andrew Cunningham We live in uncertain times, but when it comes to laptops, we’re actually pretty spoiled these days. The low-end still has plenty of junky machines, but buying good, thoughtfully designed computers for $700 and up is also easier than ever. Further ReadingWhat we’ll be looking for in laptops for 2017 That means that sweating the details is more important than ever. A thin-and-light design, a nice IPS screen, a non-terrible keyboard and trackpad, and a good (and/or forward-looking) port selection can all be expected from a high-end laptop these days. So purchasing decisions and recommendations increasingly come down to the little things. Enter the LG Gram. We haven’t historically paid much attention to LG’s laptops, but the Gram caught my eye because of its decent starting price ($899 for a non-touchscreen model with a Core i5, 8GB of RAM, and 256GB of storage) and its surprisingly light weight (2.07 pounds/0.94kg, particularly low for a 13-inch laptop). In practice, the Gram does many things well, but it falls short in just enough ways to keep it from being a universal recommendation. Look and feel: You take the good with the bad Specs at a glance: 13.3" LG Gram Screen 1920×1080 IPS touchscreen at 13.3" (166 PPI) OS Windows 10 x64 CPU 2.5GHz dual-core Intel Core i5-7200U (Turbo up to 3.1GHz) RAM 8GB 2133MHz DDR4 (single-channel) GPU Intel HD 620 (integrated) HDD 256GB SATA III solid-state drive Networking 867Mbps 802.11a/b/g/n/ac, Bluetooth 4.2 Ports 2x USB 3.0, 1x 5Gbps USB-C, HDMI, microSD card reader, headphones Size 12.1" x 8.3" x 0.6" (307.3 x 210.8 x 15.2mm) Weight 2.07 lbs (0.94 kg) Battery 60Whr Warranty 1 year Starting price $999.99 (same specs, no touchscreen) Price as reviewed $1,099.99 Other perks Webcam, lock slot, fingerprint reader I handle a lot of laptops, and I was still pleasantly surprised by just how light the Gram is. It weighs 2.07 pounds, just a tiny bit more than Apple’s 12-inch MacBook, but the Gram manages to fit in a larger 13.3-inch screen. If anything, it feels too light, a bit like it’s filled with more air than components—that’s the case with larger, cheaper, plastic laptops, and it lends the Gram a hint of a cheap feeling. That’s the only real downside; otherwise, having a slightly larger screen that doesn’t also add much extra weight is great. The Gram’s design is almost aggressively bland. It uses the same matte grey finish on the lid, palmrest, sides, and bottom, and the LG logos in the corner of the lid and in the bezel below the screen are its only identifying marks. I’m a fan of minimalist designs, but it’s possible to make a simple, unadorned computer that still retains a visual identity and a bit of personality (à la a ThinkPad or a MacBook). The Gram isn’t a bad-looking laptop; it just looks like the sort of PC you might see on a TV show or commercial where they’ve taped over all the logos to avoid product placement. All of that aside, the Gram is well-constructed. The lid has a bit of flex just because of how slim it is, but the base doesn’t creak or flex at all—LG’s “magnesium alloy” is sturdy. A super-slim reminiscent of the Dell XPS 13’s surrounds the top and sides of the screen, though the bezel underneath is much larger. As in the XPS 13, though, the webcam is mounted below the display (in the XPS 13, it’s in the bezel; in the Gram, it’s embedded in the hinge). This means that anyone you’re chatting with is going to be looking right up your nose, and you’re going to look like you’re looking over your head to see something the entire time you’re talking. It’s a compromise we don’t like in the XPS 13, and we still don’t like it here. One thing I can’t damn with faint praise is the screen itself. It’s a 1080p IPS panel with a nice, even backlight, and LG sells both touch and non-touch models ($100 separates the two, and not much else). Though higher-resolution screens are often options in high-end 13-inch laptops, 1080p is what I’d recommend for most people—sharp enough to give you some leeway with the scaling settings so you can balance readability with density, but not so sharp that it becomes a huge drain on the battery. The port selection is also solid, a decent mix of forward- and backward-looking. There are two regular USB 3.0 ports, one on each side, along with a proprietary power jack, a headphone jack, a microSD card slot, and a lock slot. In addition, the single USB-C port on the left side can be used for driving a display or for data, though, unfortunately, it doesn’t support Thunderbolt 3. It can also be used to charge the laptop, a feature I really like when I encounter it—a proprietary power jack is fine, but it lets you use a standard USB-C charger for everything if you’ve got one. We’re still early enough in the transition to USB-C that this strikes me as an acceptable compromise. The Gram’s keyboard, trackpad, and fingerprint reader, on the other hand, all bring us back to “mixed bag” territory. On the one hand, the keyboard has a good layout, key spacing, and enough travel (for a chiclet keyboard) that you’ll have no problem adjusting to it. The trackpad seems accurate and sufficiently clicky, and it supports Windows 10’s multitouch gestures without any major issues. And the trackpad-embedded, Windows Hello-enabled fingerprint sensor works. It senses fingerprints. But all three have minor annoyances that you don’t have to deal with many of the other laptops we like. The Gram’s keyboard has a backlight, but it must be manually enabled and disabled and turned up and down (most adjust themselves based on the ambient light in the room). The trackpad isn’t one of Microsoft’s Precision Touchpads, so as Windows 10 continues to evolve and Microsoft adds more trackpad gestures and trackpad-related features, it won’t automatically pick up support for them. And the fingerprint sensor is tiny—small enough that it rejected my fingerprints something like one-third-to-one-half of the time I used it. I’d rather have some biometric authentication than none, but the larger fingerprint sensors Dell and Apple use are much more reliable. Software LG ships a mostly clean version of Windows 10 on the Gram; our review unit arrived running the Anniversary Update, but I upgraded to the recent Creators Update with no issues. It includes a handful of preloaded LG support apps, an “On Screen Display” app that shows you messages as you toggle the keyboard light or the Caps and Scroll Lock keys, and a “reader mode” app that tints your screen orange à la iOS and macOS’ “Night Shift” or Windows 10’s own “Night Light.” Since Windows natively supports this feature as of the Creators Update (and because the app sends you a notification every time you turn the laptop on), it can be uninstalled without removing anything of value. This is also true of all the support apps. Additionally, at least LG doesn’t use any of your 256GB of storage for a redundant recovery partition. The laptop relies solely on Windows 10’s pretty-good built-in system restore capabilities, so there’s no need to give up space or recover it manually just so you can reset the laptop to its default state. Page: 1 2 Next → Andrew Cunningham Andrew has a B.A. in Classics from Kenyon College and has over five years of experience in IT. His work has appeared on Charge Shot!!! and AnandTech, and he records a weekly book podcast called Overdue. Email andrew.cunningham@arstechnica.com // Twitter @AndrewWrites reader comments 37 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints CNMN Collection WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Skip to main content area Sign up for our daily newsletter Newsletter Close Sign me up Toggle menus Toggle search Main menu Security Mobile Server Networking Cloud Strategy Public Sector Storage More Desktop Hardware Desktop Software Laptops Alphr Cloud Pro Channel Pro Search Search Sections News Reviews In-depth App Business travel Innovation at Work Leadership Whitepapers You are here: Home Desktop Hardware Workstations Reviews Scan 3XS Classic 3D review Scan 3XS Classic 3D review The very competitive price and powerful components make the Classic 3D one of our top choices Share twitter linkedin facebook google+ email James Morris Reviews 21 May, 2017 5 Price  £3,958 exc VAT Pros  Good value for money; Capable performance; Strong specs; Quiet cooling; Cons  SSD isn't as quick as rivals Verdict  Considering that the Classic 3D is anywhere between £450 and £950 cheaper than its competitors, this workstation gives you a lot of state-of-the art content creation kit for the money. At first glance, the Scan 3XS Classic 3D isn't particularly unusual. Yet another black full tower chassis, yet another Core i7, yet another Nvidia card. But it manages to edge ahead of its competitors thanks to generous pricing, especially when compared to this month's similarly specified alternatives. Scan hasn't been as aggressive as some when it comes to frequency-enhancing its processor. The Intel Core i7-6950X is set to 4GHz rather than its nominal 3GHz, while others opted for 4.2GHz. But that's still a good boost, and with ten cores on hand there's plenty of processing power available. The processor isn't cooled by a water system, but by a Noctua NH-U14S sink and fan, which is nearly inaudible and very good at keeping the CPU temperature under control. The increased processor speed is backed by the full three years of the manufacturer's warranty, of which the first year is on-site. The hefty Core i7 is partnered by 64GB of 2,666MHz DDR4 SDRAM. Scan has supplied this as eight 8GB DIMMs, so unfortunately you can't upgrade without swapping out RAM. However, 64GB should be adequate for most needs for the lifetime of this system; note the Asus X99-A II motherboard has a 128GB maximum, should you need it. The 3XS Classic 3D joins the crowd by offering Nvidia's brand new Quadro P5000. This is now the ultra-high-end card of choice, since the P6000 above it is so ludicrously expensive. With 2,560 CUDA cores and 16GB of enhanced GDDR5X memory, this is a truly capable professional 3D accelerator for modelling or, should you wish to venture into such a field, GPU-powered rendering. Primary storage is the one small chink in Scan's armour. Intel's 600p Series is the first TLC 3D NAND-based SSD to hit the market, and it brings the prices of PCI Express NVMe M.2 SSDs down close to that of the formerly cheaper SATA variety. But while it's faster than SATA, it's not as quick as rivals with Samsung SSDs, with reading at 1.13GB/sec and writing at 468MB/sec, with the latter only a couple of times faster than a SATA hard disk. Scan also supplies only 256GB of SSD storage, but it's joined by 2TB of Seagate Barracuda 7200.14 conventional 7,200rpm hard disk storage. With reading at 206MB/sec and writing at 198MB/sec, this is a quick hard disk. There's a 24x Asus DVD writer to round off the specification, but no handy memory card reader. Performance is as expected for the hardware. The Maxon Cinebench R15 rendering score of 2,080 is around 5% behind the Core i7 6950X systems with more aggressive clocks, with the OpenGL score of 180 also a little down on the competition. However, the SPECviewperf 12.1 scores are just as capable, with a very good result of 146 in 3ds Max 05. The OctaneBench result of 139 is the best of the Quadro P5000 bunch, showing good GPU rendering abilities, although the LuxMark test wouldn't run on this system for some reason. In the IT Pro benchmarks, the second best image-editing result and third best video-encoding score show that this system is a capable all-rounder. Whether you're modelling or rendering 3D, image editing, or video editing, the Scan has what it takes. The Scan 3XS Classic 3D isn't quite perfect. Its primary SSD isn't the quickest. But apart from that it can go toe-to-toe with most contenders, with the exception of the monstrous Lenovo ThinkStation P910 and its two CPUs. Considering that the Classic 3D is anywhere between £450 and £950 cheaper than its competitors, this workstation gives you a lot of state-of-the art content creation kit for the money. See related  Lenovo ThinkStation P910 review InterPro IPW-SL review Chillblast Fusion Render OC M4000 review This review originally appeared in PC Pro issue 270. Read more about Workstations enterprise Get the ITPro Newsletter Get FREE weekly newsletters from ITPro - delivering the latest news, reviews, insight and case studies. Click here Featured Whitepapers Latest in Workstations Lenovo ThinkStation P910 review Reviews 5 Dell Precision 5520 review Reviews 4 AMD Ryzen 7 1800X review: Intel's got competition again Reviews 4 InterPro IPW-SL review Reviews 5 Chillblast Fusion Render OC M4000 review Reviews 4 Popular Raspberry Pi: Top 25 projects to try yourself Mobile Raspberry Pi 4: Google announces partnership with Raspberry Pi Foundation Desktop Hardware 15in MacBook Pro vs Dell XPS 15 head-to-head review Laptops Windows vs Linux: what's the best operating system? Operating Systems Don't like Windows 10? Here's how to uninstall it Operating Systems Contact us Dennis Publishing Editorial Offices 30 Cleveland Street London, W1T 4JD T: +44 (0)20 7907 6000 Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Useful links Security Mobile Server Networking Cloud Strategy Public Sector Storage More Contact us About us Company Website Feeds Privacy Notice Authors Sitemap Our Websites Alphr Know Your Mobile Expert Reviews Channel Pro Cloud Pro © Copyright Dennis Publishing Limited. Under licence from Felix Dennis. Jobs Media Information Subscription Enquires Books Apps Your Online Choices
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 22 May 2017 by Rahul Jadhav North America Microprocessor Market Industry 2022 Forecast Report Summary: Orbis Research’s adds New Report On: North America Microprocessor Market by Manufacturers, Countries, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022. Introduction A microprocessor is a computer processor that incorporates the functions of a computer’s central processing unit (CPU) on a single integrated circuit or at most a few integrated circuits. The microprocessor is a multipurpose, programmable device that accepts digital data as input, processes it according to instructions stored in its memory, and provides results as output. It is an example of sequential digital logic, as it has internal memory. Microprocessors operate on numbers and symbols represented in the binary numeral system. Scope of the North America Microprocessor Market Report This report focuses on the MICROPROCESSOR in North America market, especially in United States, Canada and Mexico. This report categorizes the market based on manufacturers, countries, type and application. This report covers Analysis of North America Microprocessor Market Segment by Manufacturers Intel Qualcomm Apple AMD Freescale MediaTek Nvidia Samsung LSI Spreadtrum TI Request a Sample of this Report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/292189     North America Microprocessor Market Segment by regional analysis covers  United States Canada Mexico North America Microprocessor Market Segment by Types ARM-based MPUs x86-based MPUs North America Microprocessor Market Segment by Applications, can be divided into  PCs, Servers, Mainframes Tablet Cellphone Embedded MPUs (Network Processors, Industrials/Medical, Automotive, Consumer Electronics) Others Make an enquire before buying this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/enquiry-before-buying/292189     Some of the Points cover in North America Microprocessor Market Research Report is: Chapter 1: Describe Microprocessor Industry Introduction, Product Scope, Market Overview, Market Opportunities, Market Risk, Market Driving Force Chapter 2: To analyze the top manufacturers of Microprocessor Industry in 2016 and 2017 Sales Revenue and price Chapter 3: Competitive analysis among the top manufacturers in 2016 and 2017 Sales Revenue and market share Chapter 4: North America Microprocessor Market by regions from 2012 to 2017 Sales Revenue and market share Chapter 5, 6, 7 and 8: North America Microprocessor Market by key countries in these regions Sales Revenue and market share Chapter 9 and 10: North America Microprocessor Market by type and application from 2012 to 2017 Sales Revenue and market share Growth rate Chapter 11: Microprocessor Industry Market forecast from 2017 to 2022 Regions Type and application with sales and revenue Chapter 12 and 13: Microprocessor Industry Sales channel Distributors Traders and dealers Appendix Data source For more press releases visit @ http://orbisnewsrelease.com . About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Us: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsDigital Technology, Display Technology, Electrical Components & Equipment, Electrical equipment, Electronic Components, Electronic Equipment & Instruments, Electronic Equipment Manufacturers, Electronic Manufacturing Services, Electronics, Electronics and Smart Devices, Information Technology, manufacturers, North America Microprocessor Market 2017, North America Microprocessor Market Forecast 2022, North America Microprocessor Market Size, North America Microprocessor Market Trend, Semiconductor, Semiconductor and Electronics, Semiconductor Memories, Semiconductors, Systems Software, Technology Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Hardware Security Modules Market – North America Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2017 – 2022 Next PostNext BATTLE, LEVEL UP, BUILD WITH PORTAL KNIGHTS, NOW ON PC, PS4 AND XBOX ONE Search Recent Posts Microwave Oven Market to See Radical Growth: Key Drivers & Potential Applications 2022 Graphene-Based Sensor Could Improve Evaluation, Diagnosis and Treatment of Asthma Metal Organic Compound Market, Size, Growth Drivers, Market Opportunities, Industry Trends and Forecast to 2022 2017-2022 Handheld Barcode Scanner Sales Global Market Analysis, Trends, Growth, Research And Forecast | Orbis Research 2017-2022 Global Barcode Scanner Sales Production, Supply, Sales And Demand Market Research Report Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 20,805 +141.82 +0.69% Nasdaq 6,084 +28.57 +0.47% S&P 500 2,382 +16.01 +0.68% 2:32 A.M. ET Apple price target lifted to $168 from $157 per share at RBC Capital Markets 2:24 A.M. ET Aegon to sell 2 runoff businesses to Wilton Re 2:25 A.M. ET Updated Asian stocks rise as investors fret less about U.S. political concerns 2:23 A.M. ET AstraZeneca, Recordati agree Seloken rights deal 2:21 A.M. ET Huntsman, Clariant to combine into $20 bln company 1:32 A.M. ET Oil prices climb as investors wait for OPEC meeting 1:00 A.M. ET Updated White House to roll out budget proposal, cutting Medicaid, assistance to the poor 12:12 A.M. ET Updated These are the highest (and lowest) paying jobs in every state across the country 5/21 Updated 4 potential outcomes for OPEC’s crucial meeting 5/21 Japan's April exports up 7.5%, 5th straight rise 5/21 Updated Fed minutes may quell fresh doubts about a June rate hike 5/21 Saudi Arabia’s $20 billion wager with Blackstone is record-sized bet on U.S. infrastructure 5/21 Updated The story behind the only bank prosecuted after the 2008 financial crisis 5/21 Trump budget would convert many overseas military grants to loans 5/21 Trump reportedly to propose big cuts to safety net in new budget, slashing Medicaid and more 5/21 Ford mulls significant management changes to address stock-price decline 5/21 Updated This popular social network ranks as the worst for young people’s mental health 5/21 Updated Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus stages final ‘Greatest Show on Earth’ after 146 years 5/21 Huntsman, Clariant near all-stock merger deal 5/21 Box office for newest ‘Alien’ installment isn’t exactly out of this world Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Innodisk: Gearing up for the Generational Shift in Embedded Storage By Published: May 21, 2017 9:00 p.m. ET Share TAIPEI, Taiwan, May 21, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The new industrial-grade PCIe SSD and high-security AES SD card series are two of the innovative products that Innodisk will present at this year's Computex in Taipei. In addition, the new InnoREC™ and Boot-up drive series will focus on surveillance and server solutions respectively. These innovations along with the new Innodisk Cloud Administration Platform (iCAP) and our DDR4 2666 and Very Low-Profile DRAM modules make up the core of Innodisk's next step towards software and hardware integration. The latest innovations By combining the NVMe protocol and 3D NAND flash technology, the new PCIe M.2 SSD sports significantly increased performance and capacity. The compact M.2 form factor which is pushed by Intel allows for an easy integration into most systems. By also utilizing Marvell controllers, this module will help usher in the next generation of embedded and industrial storage. The 3D NAND technology has also been incorporated into many of Innodisk's SATA form factor series. The new AES SD card series integrates the US government standard 256-bit AES encryption, making it one of the most secure SD products on the market. The encryption key is randomly generated and is unknown to both the user and manufacturer. The encryption process is also fully hardware-based and does not impact system operations when encrypting or decrypting data. As the number of interconnected devices keep growing under IoT, management is becoming increasingly challenging. To address this Innodisk is launching the cloud management software iCAP to help system operators monitor and remotely control all their cloud-connected devices. Automation Innodisk can offer a wide variety of customizable solutions to meet the demands of Industry 4.0. The 3ME4 SSD, 2666MT/s DDR4 SODIMM, as well as the EMUI IO expansion card and the new iCAP cloud management software make up the individual pieces of the comprehensive Innodisk solution.  With all these pieces in place, the user can easily monitor and control each connected device, making for a true smart-factory solution. Server The new SATADOM [®] Server Boot-up Drive series are compact, high-performance devices which uses Cable-less SATA Power technology to simplify server design. The Boot-Up Drives also implement evolved firmware algorithms that greatly extend data retention. With a height less then 1U and by using dedicated SATA connectors, server scaling is made easy while also freeing up more space for storage devices. Innodisk's Server DIMM series comprises Very Low-Profile (VLP) and MINI DIMM such as 2666 MT/s 16GB MINI DIMM-VLP and 8GB MINI DIMM-VLP. These high-capacity DRAM modules are energy-efficient and designed to allow maximum airflow, thus keeping server maintenance costs to a minimum while simplifying server scaling. Surveillance With lower prices and extended longevity, SSDs are increasingly popular in the quickly growing surveillance market. The InnoREC™ feature set comprises multiple form factors that are optimized for surveillance applications. The RECLine™ feature combines several technologies that together deliver the optimal write performance for data recording. DRAM modules such as 2666 MT/s UDIMM-VLP and 32GB RDIMM-VLP offer high performance and small form factors that are perfect for surveillance applications. Innodisk's isolated expansion cards provide reliable and robust PoE expansion that is certified and tested for harsh environments. With a large set of form factors and interfaces, our PoE expansion cards are easily integrated into any system. Aerospace and Defense InnoRobust™ is Innodisk's DRAM and flash storage feature set designed for Aerospace and Defense applications that complies with MIL-STD-810G. It incorporates technologies and design features aimed at maximizing operability in extreme conditions. In addition to this, our data security features can delete and even physically destroy data in the blink of an eye, ensuring that vital information does not fall into the wrong hands. Our aerospace and defense storage devices also come with hardware integrated 256-bit AES cipher, further increasing data security. The customized, high-performance XRDIMM is the best choice for operations in extreme conditions. With a 300-pin connector and dual mounting holes, the module can be securely attached to any system. For more information, please visit us at: Computex 2017 Date: May 30 [th] to June 3 [rd] , 2017 Booth: 1F, J0818 Venue: Nangang Exhibition Hall, Taipei, Taiwan Or visit our website at Innodisk.com About Innodisk Innodisk is a service-driven provider of flash memory, DRAM modules and embedded peripheral products for the industrial and enterprise applications. With satisfied customers across the embedded, aerospace and defense, cloud storage markets and more, we have set ourselves apart with a commitment to dependable products and unparalleled service. This has resulted in products, including embedded peripherals, designed to supplement existing industrial solutions and high IOPS flash arrays for industrial and enterprise applications. The expanded business lines are leading our next step in being a comprehensive solution and service provider in the industrial storage industry. Founded in 2005 and headquartered in Taipei, Taiwan, Innodisk supports clients globally with engineering support and sales teams in mainland China, Europe, Japan, and the United States. With abundant experience and an unrivaled knowledge of the memory industry, Innodisk develops products with excellent quality, remarkable performance, great cost-efficiency, and the highest reliability. For more information about Innodisk, please visit http://www.innodisk.com .   Media Contact: Innodisk Lilian Chiang +886-02-7703-3000 ext.1511 lilian_chiang@innodisk.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/innodisk-gearing-up-for-the-generational-shift-in-embedded-storage-300459912.html SOURCE Innodisk Corporation Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved From MarketWatch More Coverage White House to roll out budget proposal, cutting Medicaid, assistance to the poor In the battle for control of the stock market, bulls may have an edge This man lives with his five young kids in a 1,050-square-foot apartment Most Popular These are the highest (and lowest) paying jobs in every state across the country The most expensive city in the world is NOT New York or San Francisco Stock buyers were much more aggressive than sellers earlier in the week This is why baby boomers are divorcing at a stunning rate Barshefsky: China Stepped Up Reform Push Reversals MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Sign in or Register   PCs & Laptops Value Desktops High End Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-one Desktops Value Laptops High End Laptops Gaming Laptops Ultraportable Laptops Misc PCs & Laptops Dell Store   Peripherals Monitors Printers Storage Keyboards & Mice Misc Peripherals Networking   Handhelds Budget Smartphones High-End Smartphones Tablets eReaders Wearables Misc Handhelds   Software Security Operating Systems Backup Office Suite Web Development Audio Video Photo Apps Misc Software   Components CPUs Motherboards Graphics Cards Storage Cases Power Supply Units Misc Components   Gadgets Photography & Video Home Theatre GPS Audio Virtual/Augmented reality Misc Gadgets     Hyper PixelCast   Forums Back Issues Search News • Reviews • Features • Galleries • A-List • Group Tests • Downloads • How To • Buy • Software Store Mobile Plans Broadband Plans Atomic Forums Upgrade Australia Home  »  PCs & Laptops  »  Ultraportable Laptops  »  Review Review: HP Spectre x360 13-w031TU ultraportable laptop by  Bennett Ring  |  Monday 22 May 2017  | Comment Now Rating Overall: 45 "It’s getting tougher and tougher to pick the best Ultrabook around, but the Spectre’s excellent performance combined with solid specs makes it one of the top contenders on the market." Supplier HP www.hp.com Price $2699 AUD > Pricing info Specs 13.3-inch IPS touchscreen display • Intel i7 7500U (twin-core, Hyperthreading, 3.5GHz Turbo) • 1 x USB 3.1 Type A + 2 x USB 3.1 Type C/Thunderbolt Tweet Email this Print this Feedback One spectre that is hard to miss. Things are getting heavy in the land of ultraportables. Not a week goes by without a new ultra-light, super-slim notebook crossing the PC & Tech Authority testbench, and HP has weighed in with two lightweights. The second of these is the Spectre, a 13.3-inch convertible that is as light as it is flexible. Can it live up to the increasing competition of this sector though, where competition is incredibly fierce?  According to the official press release, HP has made some rather impressive improvements compared to the previous version of the Spectre. It’s 13% thinner at a mere 13.8mm, while it’s shed around 150 grams, bringing it to a total weight of 1.295kg, for the entry level model at least. This doesn’t make it the thinnest or lightest on the market, but it’s not far off. The convertible screen rotates through 360 degrees thanks to two hinges, and they’re nice and sturdy, minimising bounce if you choose to make use of the touchscreen capabilities. Speaking of which, the IPS screen is a beauty – our review model came with the wonderfully crisp 4K model. It may seem like overkill on a 13 incher, but it is a delight to behold. Unfortunately the price we were supplied was for the 1080p version – bump it up to 4K and you can add another $600 or so to the price quoted above.  Perhaps the biggest improvement though is a claimed 25% increase in battery life. HP says this should deliver up 15 hours of use thanks to a 57.8W battery combined with the latest Intel 7th Gen Core. Our review unit hit a very healthy 264 minutes in the very demanding PCMark 8 Home Battery test; it would have done even better if it was the 1080p version, as the 4K screen is known to be a bit of a power-pig. Helping optimise battery life even further, our sample came with the Core i7 7500U CPU, which ramps up to 3.5GHz under maximum load but generally likes to hang out around 2.7GHz for regular duties. It’s only a twin core model, but the inclusion of Hyperthreading helps out when it comes to multitasking.  One improvement that is easy to note is the new ‘micro-edge display bezel’, which has reduced the bezel by an impressive 10mm on each side, giving it that the infinite edge look and feel that is now the norm. Unfortunately due to its rather thin nature, the range of I/O ports isn’t overwhelming. On the left is a single USB 3.1 Type A alongside a 3.5mm stereo minijack, while the right has twin USB 3.1 Type C ports. The great news is they’re both Thunderbolt compatible. HP has also generously included three different peripherals that change the functionality of these ports; a single RJ45 Ethernet Adaptor, a HDMI adaptor and a VGA adaptor. There’s even a stylus included, though we couldn’t see any mention of it being pressure sensitive, and a quick test in Paint suggests it’s not, though it is very crisp and accurate. We were also blown away by the audio quality for such a lightweight – the quad speakers pump out clear, loud sound, though it obviously lacks bass.  Digging under the hood reveals a fairly well-rounded machine. As well as the aforementioned CPU, there’s 8GB of memory, which just scrapes in by our books; sadly it’s not upgradable. Our system came with a 512GB Samsung PCIe SSD, which can be upgraded all the way up to a Terabyte, and we’re confident this is why performance was so snappy, giving this machine an excellent score in PCMark 8 Home’s Accelerated test. This was quite the surprise, as the Yoga 910 had double the system memory and a bigger SSD, so by all rights should have placed first. It didn’t though, if only by the smallest margin, so we have to give the Spectre the chequered flag when it comes to performance.  It’s getting tougher and tougher to pick the best Ultrabook around, but the Spectre’s excellent performance combined with solid specs makes it one of the top contenders on the market. If only it had a larger SSD and more memory, it could have been the pick of the bunch. Related Reviews Review: HP Envy 13-ab015tu ultraportable laptop Review: Toshiba Portégé X20 PRT13A-05S002 convertible laptop Review: Urbanears Stadion headphones Source: Copyright © PC & Tech Authority. All rights reserved. See more about:  13w031tu  |  hp spectre x360  |  review  |  ultraportable laptop   Tweet Email this Print this Feedback   Readers of this article also read...   25 secret WhatsApp tricks you (probably) didn't know about     FCC votes to abolish net neutrality     What is... 5G and how far are we from rollout?     8 things you need to know about the HTC U11     Review: HP Envy 13-ab015tu ultraportable laptop   NOTE: You must be a registered member of PC & Tech Authority to post a comment. Click here to login | Click here to register More in Ultraportable Laptops (1 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Toshiba Portégé X20 PRT13A-05S002 convertible laptop << Prev Next >> View all Ultraportable Laptops articles >> More in Ultraportable Laptops (2 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: HP Envy 13-ab015tu ultraportable laptop << Prev Next >> View all Ultraportable Laptops articles >> More in Ultraportable Laptops (3 of 10 articles) NEWS Apple and Microsoft go head to head - again << Prev Next >> View all Ultraportable Laptops articles >> More in Ultraportable Laptops (4 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Lenovo Miix 510 << Prev Next >> View all Ultraportable Laptops articles >> More in Ultraportable Laptops (5 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Razer Blade Stealth ultrabook << Prev Next >> View all Ultraportable Laptops articles >> More in Ultraportable Laptops (6 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Dell XPS 13 2-in-1 hybrid << Prev Next >> View all Ultraportable Laptops articles >> More in Ultraportable Laptops (7 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Dell XPS 13 2-in-1 << Prev Next >> View all Ultraportable Laptops articles >> More in Ultraportable Laptops (8 of 10 articles) FEATURE Hands-on Preview: Lenovo Miix 320 is all things for you << Prev Next >> View all Ultraportable Laptops articles >> More in Ultraportable Laptops (9 of 10 articles) FEATURE Hands-on Preview: Samsung Galaxy Book << Prev Next >> View all Ultraportable Laptops articles >> More in Ultraportable Laptops (10 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Acer Swift SF713-51 is a smooth operator << Prev Next >> View all Ultraportable Laptops articles >> Most Read Most Discussed Powered by Disqus Latest Comments Powered by Disqus Latest Competitions   WIN!!! A D-Link Omna security cam! Watch your home from anywhere!   Latest in Ultraportable Laptops News Apple and Microsoft go head to head - again Review Review: HP Spectre x360 13-w031TU ultraportable laptop Feature Hands-on Preview: Lenovo Miix 320 is all things for you Group Test Group test: seven Ultrabooks compared and rated Gallery LG's Q1, Q2 2014 releases A-list Product Razer Blade Stealth QHD From our Partners     See more offers from the PC & Tech Authority Software Store     Sponsored Links Most popular tech stories 7 accounting packages for Australian small businesses compared: including MYOB, QuickBooks Online, Reckon, Xero Ransomware defence guide How long will a UPS keep your computers on if the lights go out? Top three VPN services for 2017 Ransomware survival guide Data#3 parties with vendors, customers for 40th birthday Australian Veeam partners, customers spotted in New Orleans Amaysim and Ovo Mobile debut 70GB data-only mobile plans Dell Technologies sets aside $554 million for terminations Ricoh Australia lets go of general managers of leasing, marketing and service in major reshuffle WannaCrypt ransomware: what you need to know Immigration reveals massive ten-year IT shake-up NBN, Vodafone contractor goes under owing millions Microsoft releases WannaCrypt patch for Windows XP, Server 2003 Twelve Australian businesses hit by WannaCrypt 10 advanced tips for Rainbow Six Siege 20 key tips for succeeding at Rainbow Six Siege 18 pro tips from the Rainbow Six Siege world cup Review: Alienware's Alpha R2 is a lost cause 13 tips for starting out in Playerunknown’s Battlegrounds About Us  |  Sitemap  |  Newsletter Archive  |  A-List  |  Advice  |  Top 10  |  Mobile Site  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Newsletters  |  Contact Us Atomic MPC  |  BIT  |  CRN Australia  |  iTnews  |  PC PowerPlay  |  SC Magazine Copyright © 2017 nextmedia Pty Ltd. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorisation. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of nextmedia's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Login to PC & Tech Authority Username: * Username required Password: * Password required Remember me  |  Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Register now! To request a new password, please enter the email address linked to your PC & Tech Authority account and we'll send one to you. Email: * Email required * Invalid Email address * Invalid Email address Click here to return to Login Form Become part of PC & Tech Authority Join our site to get stuck in with comments and discussions with other passionate readers and tech fans, and stay up to date with the latest news and reviews through our range of newsletters. Email* * Email address required * Invalid Email address I have read and accept the privacy policy and terms and conditions and by submitting my email address I agree to receive the PC & Tech Authority daily newsletter and receive special offers on behalf of PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia and its valued partners. We will not share your details with third parties. 1) Login Details First Name* * First name req'd Last Name* * Last name req'd Username* * Username required Password* * Password required Confirm Password* * Password confirmation required * Passwords don't match! 2) About You Country* -- Select a Country -- Australia Afghanistan Albania Åland Islands Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Virgin Islands British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Côte d'Ivoire Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon French Southern Territories Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guam Guernsey Guinea Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Hong Kong Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Israel Isle of Man Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Jersey Korea Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Palestinian Territory, Occupied Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Qatar Puerto Rico Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Barthélemy Saint Lucia Saint Kitts & Nevis Saint Martin Saint Pierre & Miquelon Saint Vincent & the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands Soviet Union Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Timor-Leste Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay United States Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Yemen Western Sahara Zambia Zimbabwe World Asia Indochina Europe England Scotland Middle East Asia-Pacific Global Asean * Country req'd State* -- Select -- NSW QLD VIC SA WA ACT NT TAS * State req'd Post Code* * Post Code req'd Birth Year* -- Select -- 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 * Birth year required Employment Role* -- Select Role -- IT Business Owner IT Executive IT Professional IT Entry-level IT Sales Non IT Business Owner Non IT Executive Non IT Professional Non IT Entry-Level Non IT Sales Other If 'Other', enter below: * Role required Company Size* -- Select Size -- 1 - 9 10 - 49 50 - 99 100 - 249 250 - 499 500 - 999 1000 - 2499 2500+ * Company Size required I only want to subscribe to the Daily newsletter I'd also like to subscribe to: Weekly newsletter Atomic, Hyper and Gaming newsletter Gadgets and Stuff newsletter Downloads newsletter Already have an account? Log in here. Processing registration... Please wait. This process can take up to a minute to complete. Please check your email A confirmation email has been sent to your email address - SUPPLIED EMAIL HERE. Please click on the link in the email to verify your email address. You need to verify your email before you can start posting. If you do not receive your confirmation email within the next few minutes, it may be because the email has been captured by a junk mail filter. Please ensure you add the domain @pcauthority.com.au to your white-listed senders. Click here to close this message Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Share 0 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-05-21 Stephen Colbert Comforted By Donald Trump Being ‘Sack-Punched Every Day By Firm Investigative Journalism’ Entertainment 2017-05-21 After 146 Years, Ringling Bros. And Barnum & Bailey Circus Will Perform Last Act Sunday Entertainment 2017-05-21 Jimmy Fallon Tears Into Donald Trump After Being Criticized For Neutral Tone Towards President Entertainment 2017-05-21 Billboard Music Awards 2017: Drake To Have ‘Memorable,’ ‘Astounding’ Performance News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News World 2017-05-22 Donald Trump Turns Secular On Israel Visit: Is President Doing So To Achieve Israeli-Palestinian Peace Deal? News 2017-05-21 5-Year-Old Ohio Boy Walked Two Blocks Barefoot To Get Help After Parents Overdosed On Heroin News 2017-05-21 North Korea Test Missile Passes International Space Station’s Height — Ready For Deployment? News 2017-05-21 Did Coverage Of El Chapo’s Rival Lead To The Death Of A Mexican Journalist? [Opinion] Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-05-21 AJ Styles Reveals That Selflessness Earned Vince McMahon’s Trust In Him Wrestling 2017-05-21 ‘WWE Backlash’: Social Media Reacts To Usos Vs. Breezango Tag Team Championship Match Football 2017-05-21 Closer Look At The Washington Redskins Options At Linebacker In 2017 Sports 2017-05-21 Gisele Bündchen & Tom Brady: Is the Supermodel Finally Opening Up Conversation On NFL Health Repercussions? Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-05-21 Tired Of Being Single? Embrace ‘Sologamy’ And Marry Yourself Lifestyle 2017-05-19 Dunkin’ Donuts Gives Away Free Frozen Coffee Samples Today, And ‘Freeze The Day With $1K’ Giveaway Ends Today Lifestyle 2017-05-18 Slurpee ‘Bring Your Own Cup Day’ Returns To 7-Eleven For 2017, What You Need To Know About #BYOCUPDAY Lifestyle 2017-05-15 5 Lessons In Running A Successful Business, According To Kylie Jenner Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-05-21 Family Spots Miracle Baby’s Rare Eye Cancer In Photos Health 2017-05-21 CDC Warning: Pool Water Hazardous For Your Health, Dangerous Parasite Could Lurk In Pools And Water Parks Health 2017-05-21 Seed Ticks: A Tick So Tiny You Could Miss 150 On Your Body, As One Mother Discovered Health 2017-05-20 Pope Francis Says That Embryos Should Never Be Used In Research, Not Even To Fight Incurable Diseases Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-05-22 ‘Gwent: The Witcher Card Game’ Public Beta Marks Its PS4 Debut, 3 Reasons It Is A Must-Play Gaming 2017-05-21 ‘Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2’ Nintendo Switch Version Release Date Confirmed In Fall This Year Gaming 2017-05-21 South Park: Fractured But Whole Release Date Finally Revealed Gaming 2017-05-21 ‘Clash Of Clans’ Massive Boat Update Might Finally Land On May 23-25 BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-05-21 Competitive Eater Matt Stonie Goes Viral By Eating 5 Chipotle Burritos, Diet Coke To Honor Past Viral Video BuzzWorthy 2017-05-21 Mom Shares an Open Letter to Principal Who Sent Her Daughter Dress Code Violation Warning BuzzWorthy 2017-05-21 Clint Eastwood Attends Cannes Film Festival, Is Willing To Act Again BuzzWorthy 2017-05-21 Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau Photobomb Prom Pictures in Vancouver SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss WWDC 2017: 12-inch MacBook Refresh, New MacBook Pro And Air Coming? 10.5-Inch iPad Pro Hinted Gadgets 0 0 0 May 21, 2017 WWDC 2017: 12-inch MacBook Refresh, New MacBook Pro And Air Coming? 10.5-Inch iPad Pro Hinted Louise Elliot June is fast approaching and that means that WWDC, Apple’s annual event, is commencing in a matter of weeks. It is usually the venue for announcing software-related stuff, but this year may be different. Rumors and speculations on the internet indicate that new MacBooks and even a new iPad may be revealed during the conference. Bloomberg, citing people familiar with the subject, reports that three new MacBooks are being planned to be announced during the Worldwide Developers Conference 2017. Fans can then expect to see a refresh to the 12-inch MacBook and MacBook Pro, along with an upgraded Air. This move may have been decided to compete with Microsoft, which just released its new Surface laptop earlier this month. The Surface Book 2 is also believed to be coming soon, which is probably why Apple is updating its lineup to keep its sales high. According to the report, the 12-inch MacBook will have a faster Intel chip, while the MacBook Pro will also receive a faster Kaby Lake processor. There was no mention of a refresh in design and other specs. The smaller one is expected to be revamped inside and out, though, while the Pro will not be much different than the current model. [Image by Apple] Surprisingly, Apple is also considering upgrading the MacBook Air, which did not get a significant update last year. Rumors have already started predicting its impending doom, but now it seems like the entry-level laptop will still be hanging around. Apparently, the sales of the company’s cheapest laptop are still doing great. So, to keep customers buying the Retina-deprived notebook, it will likely be receiving a new processor. The decision may also be partly because of the Surface Laptop, which competes directly with the Air. Seeing that it is newer with better specs and a pretty face, Microsoft’s laptop may prove to be a huge challenge to Apple’s entry-level laptop. [Image by Apple] A light refresh may be enough to Apple’s herd of loyalists, but some actually want significant changes. Nonetheless, the Cupertino-based company may still be planning to introduce a new model with revamped designs and maybe an upgraded display, but that cannot be confirmed. These are rumors and speculations for now, so better take these with a pinch of salt. 10.5-inch iPad Pro The software event may be bombarded with new hardware announcements, as the new iPad Pro variant is also rumored to be announced in WWDC. According to TechTimes, production may have already begun in time for an announcement in June, as predicted by popular KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo. The analyst is known for his spot-on predictions, so his word holds a lot of weight. This is further corroborated by the leaked Urban Armor Gear inventory listing, which includes a Metropolis Folio Case for a 10.5-inch iPad Pro that is due in June, 2017. Urban Armor Gear prepping case for 10.5-inch iPad Pro, with June availability https://t.co/ivd6EQOrY4 pic.twitter.com/hdygYN549z — 9to5Mac  (@9to5mac) May 10, 2017 As for its specs, the Inquisitr reports that the new iPad Pro variant will have Pro specs with a 10.5-inch screen crammed into the 9.7-inch iPad’s chassis. Its home button may be removed to accommodate the big display in a small space, or it will stay to house the fingerprint sensor. The True Tone display from the 9.7-inch iPad Pro will also be carried over to its bigger sibling, as well as advanced support for the Apple Pencil. Aside from these obvious details, not much is really known about the 10.5-inch variant. Until now, there are skeptics of the existence of the tablet as it does not seem logical to release another iPad Pro when there are already three variants (including the rumored iPad Mini Pro) on the market. WWDC 2017 kicks off on June 5, so stay tuned for more updates. [Featured Image by Stephen Lam/Getty Images] Share 0 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Contributor Louise Elliot Tags: 10.5-inch iPad Pro, 12-inch MacBook, wwdc 2017, macbook air May 14, 2017 Ivanka Trump: Just Where Is Donald Trump’s Daughter During His Most Recent White House Crisis? [Opinion] May 14, 2017 SpaceX Employee Ridicules Completion From Europe, ULA, And Russia, But Spares Blue Origin Comments LATEST HEADLINES Odd UFO Sighting Group In Australia Causes A Government Controversy Donald Trump Turns Secular On Israel Visit: Is President Doing So To Achieve Israeli-Palestinian Peace Deal? ‘The Originals’ Season 4, Episode 10 Spoilers: Freya And Hayley’s Risky Mission To Save A Loved One ‘Gwent: The Witcher Card Game’ Public Beta Marks Its PS4 Debut, 3 Reasons It Is A Must-Play Melania Trump Ditched The Headscarf And Saudi Arabia Has Surprising Reaction ‘Game Of Thrones’ Prequel: Belfast Film Students Make ‘GOT’ Short Film And It Is Amazing! [Watch] ‘Young And The Restless’ Spoilers: Victoria Blames Billy, Asks Victor For Help, Cane & Lily’s Teen Twins Competitive Eater Matt Stonie Goes Viral By Eating 5 Chipotle Burritos, Diet Coke To Honor Past Viral Video Finding Life On Mars: Key Could Be In Ancient Australian Rocks Robyn Dixon Describes ‘RHOP’ Episode In Which Juan Made Shocking Confession As ‘Emotional’ Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Trending Stories Jared Kushner Investigation: Top W.H. Aide Reportedly ‘Person Of Interest’ In Quickly Expanding Russia Probe 25.3k 0 0 Disney Announces Huge Partnership With LuLaRoe For Official Disney-Themed Line Of Leggings And More Collection 23.4k 0 0 A Tete-A-Tete With Jordan Patch And April The Giraffe 17.6k 0 0 Vice President Mike Pence, Speaker Ryan, And Mitch McConnell Implicated In Cover Up 15.7k 0 0 Impeachment Coming? House Judiciary Committee Reportedly Starting Process To Remove President From Office 14.8k 0 0 Kourtney Kardashian Celebrated Mother’s Day By Getting Totally Naked Again 18.5k 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr.
Anmelden   Registrieren? Fan werden finanzen.at ATX 3 161 2,2%  Dow 20 805 0,7%  Nasdaq 5 652 0,5%  Euro 1,1183 -0,2%  ATX P 1 588 2,0%  EStoxx50 3 587 0,7%  Nikkei 19 678 0,5%  CHF 1,0908 0,0%  DAX 12 639 0,4%  FTSE100 7 471 0,5%  Öl 54,0 0,3%  Gold 1 254 -0,1%  News Analysen Experten Kolumnen ATX News Börse News & Analysen myfinanzen Broker-Vergleich Ressorts Aktien Anleihen Devisen ETF Fonds Rohstoffe Zertifikate Zinsen CFDs Quellen APA Aktiencheck Businesswire Dow Jones Newswires dpa-AFX Heute im Fokus Nachrichtenarchiv 22.05.2017 03:00:00 A A Teilen Drucken Innodisk: Gearing up for the Generational Shift in Embedded Storage Tweet TAIPEI, Taiwan, May 22, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The new industrial-grade PCIe SSD and high-security AES SD card series are two of the innovative products that Innodisk will present at this year's Computex in Taipei. In addition, the new InnoREC™ and Boot-up drive series will focus on surveillance and server solutions respectively. These innovations along with the new Innodisk Cloud Administration Platform (iCAP) and our DDR4 2666 and Very Low-Profile DRAM modules make up the core of Innodisk's next step towards software and hardware integration. The latest innovations By combining the NVMe protocol and 3D NAND flash technology, the new PCIe M.2 SSD sports significantly increased performance and capacity. The compact M.2 form factor which is pushed by Intel allows for an easy integration into most systems. By also utilizing Marvell controllers, this module will help usher in the next generation of embedded and industrial storage. The 3D NAND technology has also been incorporated into many of Innodisk's SATA form factor series. The new AES SD card series integrates the US government standard 256-bit AES encryption, making it one of the most secure SD products on the market. The encryption key is randomly generated and is unknown to both the user and manufacturer. The encryption process is also fully hardware-based and does not impact system operations when encrypting or decrypting data. As the number of interconnected devices keep growing under IoT, management is becoming increasingly challenging. To address this Innodisk is launching the cloud management software iCAP to help system operators monitor and remotely control all their cloud-connected devices. Automation Innodisk can offer a wide variety of customizable solutions to meet the demands of Industry 4.0. The 3ME4 SSD, 2666MT/s DDR4 SODIMM, as well as the EMUI IO expansion card and the new iCAP cloud management software make up the individual pieces of the comprehensive Innodisk solution.  With all these pieces in place, the user can easily monitor and control each connected device, making for a true smart-factory solution. Server The new SATADOM® Server Boot-up Drive series are compact, high-performance devices which uses Cable-less SATA Power technology to simplify server design. The Boot-Up Drives also implement evolved firmware algorithms that greatly extend data retention. With a height less then 1U and by using dedicated SATA connectors, server scaling is made easy while also freeing up more space for storage devices. Innodisk's Server DIMM series comprises Very Low-Profile (VLP) and MINI DIMM such as 2666 MT/s 16GB MINI DIMM-VLP and 8GB MINI DIMM-VLP. These high-capacity DRAM modules are energy-efficient and designed to allow maximum airflow, thus keeping server maintenance costs to a minimum while simplifying server scaling. Surveillance With lower prices and extended longevity, SSDs are increasingly popular in the quickly growing surveillance market. The InnoREC™ feature set comprises multiple form factors that are optimized for surveillance applications. The RECLine™ feature combines several technologies that together deliver the optimal write performance for data recording. DRAM modules such as 2666 MT/s UDIMM-VLP and 32GB RDIMM-VLP offer high performance and small form factors that are perfect for surveillance applications. Innodisk's isolated expansion cards provide reliable and robust PoE expansion that is certified and tested for harsh environments. With a large set of form factors and interfaces, our PoE expansion cards are easily integrated into any system. Aerospace and Defense InnoRobust™ is Innodisk's DRAM and flash storage feature set designed for Aerospace and Defense applications that complies with MIL-STD-810G. It incorporates technologies and design features aimed at maximizing operability in extreme conditions. In addition to this, our data security features can delete and even physically destroy data in the blink of an eye, ensuring that vital information does not fall into the wrong hands. Our aerospace and defense storage devices also come with hardware integrated 256-bit AES cipher, further increasing data security. The customized, high-performance XRDIMM is the best choice for operations in extreme conditions. With a 300-pin connector and dual mounting holes, the module can be securely attached to any system. For more information, please visit us at: Computex 2017 Date: May 30th to June 3rd, 2017 Booth: 1F, J0818 Venue: Nangang Exhibition Hall, Taipei, Taiwan Or visit our website at Innodisk.com About Innodisk Innodisk is a service-driven provider of flash memory, DRAM modules and embedded peripheral products for the industrial and enterprise applications. With satisfied customers across the embedded, aerospace and defense, cloud storage markets and more, we have set ourselves apart with a commitment to dependable products and unparalleled service. This has resulted in products, including embedded peripherals, designed to supplement existing industrial solutions and high IOPS flash arrays for industrial and enterprise applications. The expanded business lines are leading our next step in being a comprehensive solution and service provider in the industrial storage industry. Founded in 2005 and headquartered in Taipei, Taiwan, Innodisk supports clients globally with engineering support and sales teams in mainland China, Europe, Japan, and the United States. With abundant experience and an unrivaled knowledge of the memory industry, Innodisk develops products with excellent quality, remarkable performance, great cost-efficiency, and the highest reliability. For more information about Innodisk, please visit http://www.innodisk.com .   Media Contact: Innodisk Lilian Chiang +886-02-7703-3000 ext.1511 lilian_chiang@innodisk.com SOURCE Innodisk Corporation Eintrag hinzufügen Eintrag bearbeiten Erfolgreich hinzugefügt!. Zu Portfolio/Watchlist wechseln. Es ist ein Fehler aufgetreten! Kein Portfolio vorhanden. Bitte zusätzlich den Namen des neuen Portfolios angeben. Keine Watchlisten vorhanden. Bitte zusätzlich den Namen der neuen Watchlist angeben. Portfolioname: Watchlistname: Portfolio: Name: Typ: ISIN: Börse: Anzahl: Aktueller Kurs: Kurszeit: Kaufpreis: Kaufdatum: Kaufwert: EUR   Hinzufügen Speichern   Newssuche   GO   NEWS VON Mit Bomben und Granaten "Konjunkturell sind wir vorderhand aus dem Schneider" Immofinanz: Trendwechsel ante portas Goldminen als Inflationsgewinner So sichern Sie sich niedrige Kreditzinsen Börse aktuell - Live Ticker ATX und DAX zum Wochenstart fester erwartet Die heimischen Börsen dürften am Montag an ihre jüngsten Erholungsgewinne anknüpfen. Nachrichten Nachrichten zu Aktien Alle Nachrichten Wie bewerten Sie diese Seite? schlecht sehr gut Aktien ATX DAX EuroStoxx 50 Dow Jones NASDAQ 100 EuroStoxx 50 Nikkei 225 S&P 500 Kontakt  -  Impressum - Werbung Sitemap - Datenschutz - Disclaimer - AGB Für die aufgeführten Inhalte kann keine Gewährleistung für die Vollständigkeit, Richtigkeit und Genauigkeit übernommen werden. Kursinformationen von SIX Financial Information Deutschland GmbH. Verzögerung 15 Min. (Nasdaq, NYSE: 20 Min.). © 1999-2017 finanzen.net GmbH
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Innodisk: Gearing up for the Generational Shift in Embedded Storage News provided by Innodisk Corporation 21 May, 2017, 21:00 ET Share this article TAIPEI, Taiwan, May 21, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The new industrial-grade PCIe SSD and high-security AES SD card series are two of the innovative products that Innodisk will present at this year's Computex in Taipei. In addition, the new InnoREC™ and Boot-up drive series will focus on surveillance and server solutions respectively. These innovations along with the new Innodisk Cloud Administration Platform (iCAP) and our DDR4 2666 and Very Low-Profile DRAM modules make up the core of Innodisk's next step towards software and hardware integration. The latest innovations By combining the NVMe protocol and 3D NAND flash technology, the new PCIe M.2 SSD sports significantly increased performance and capacity. The compact M.2 form factor which is pushed by Intel allows for an easy integration into most systems. By also utilizing Marvell controllers, this module will help usher in the next generation of embedded and industrial storage. The 3D NAND technology has also been incorporated into many of Innodisk's SATA form factor series. The new AES SD card series integrates the US government standard 256-bit AES encryption, making it one of the most secure SD products on the market. The encryption key is randomly generated and is unknown to both the user and manufacturer. The encryption process is also fully hardware-based and does not impact system operations when encrypting or decrypting data. As the number of interconnected devices keep growing under IoT, management is becoming increasingly challenging. To address this Innodisk is launching the cloud management software iCAP to help system operators monitor and remotely control all their cloud-connected devices. Automation Innodisk can offer a wide variety of customizable solutions to meet the demands of Industry 4.0. The 3ME4 SSD, 2666MT/s DDR4 SODIMM, as well as the EMUI IO expansion card and the new iCAP cloud management software make up the individual pieces of the comprehensive Innodisk solution.  With all these pieces in place, the user can easily monitor and control each connected device, making for a true smart-factory solution. Server The new SATADOM® Server Boot-up Drive series are compact, high-performance devices which uses Cable-less SATA Power technology to simplify server design. The Boot-Up Drives also implement evolved firmware algorithms that greatly extend data retention. With a height less then 1U and by using dedicated SATA connectors, server scaling is made easy while also freeing up more space for storage devices. Innodisk's Server DIMM series comprises Very Low-Profile (VLP) and MINI DIMM such as 2666 MT/s 16GB MINI DIMM-VLP and 8GB MINI DIMM-VLP. These high-capacity DRAM modules are energy-efficient and designed to allow maximum airflow, thus keeping server maintenance costs to a minimum while simplifying server scaling. Surveillance With lower prices and extended longevity, SSDs are increasingly popular in the quickly growing surveillance market. The InnoREC™ feature set comprises multiple form factors that are optimized for surveillance applications. The RECLine™ feature combines several technologies that together deliver the optimal write performance for data recording. DRAM modules such as 2666 MT/s UDIMM-VLP and 32GB RDIMM-VLP offer high performance and small form factors that are perfect for surveillance applications. Innodisk's isolated expansion cards provide reliable and robust PoE expansion that is certified and tested for harsh environments. With a large set of form factors and interfaces, our PoE expansion cards are easily integrated into any system. Aerospace and Defense InnoRobust™ is Innodisk's DRAM and flash storage feature set designed for Aerospace and Defense applications that complies with MIL-STD-810G. It incorporates technologies and design features aimed at maximizing operability in extreme conditions. In addition to this, our data security features can delete and even physically destroy data in the blink of an eye, ensuring that vital information does not fall into the wrong hands. Our aerospace and defense storage devices also come with hardware integrated 256-bit AES cipher, further increasing data security. The customized, high-performance XRDIMM is the best choice for operations in extreme conditions. With a 300-pin connector and dual mounting holes, the module can be securely attached to any system. For more information, please visit us at: Computex 2017 Date: May 30th to June 3rd, 2017 Booth: 1F, J0818 Venue: Nangang Exhibition Hall, Taipei, Taiwan Or visit our website at Innodisk.com About Innodisk Innodisk is a service-driven provider of flash memory, DRAM modules and embedded peripheral products for the industrial and enterprise applications. With satisfied customers across the embedded, aerospace and defense, cloud storage markets and more, we have set ourselves apart with a commitment to dependable products and unparalleled service. This has resulted in products, including embedded peripherals, designed to supplement existing industrial solutions and high IOPS flash arrays for industrial and enterprise applications. The expanded business lines are leading our next step in being a comprehensive solution and service provider in the industrial storage industry. Founded in 2005 and headquartered in Taipei, Taiwan, Innodisk supports clients globally with engineering support and sales teams in mainland China, Europe, Japan, and the United States. With abundant experience and an unrivaled knowledge of the memory industry, Innodisk develops products with excellent quality, remarkable performance, great cost-efficiency, and the highest reliability. For more information about Innodisk, please visit http://www.innodisk.com .   Media Contact: Innodisk Lilian Chiang +886-02-7703-3000 ext.1511 lilian_chiang@innodisk.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/innodisk-gearing-up-for-the-generational-shift-in-embedded-storage-300459912.html SOURCE Innodisk Corporation My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: Innodisk: Gearing up for the Generational Shift in Embedded Storage News provided by Innodisk Corporation 21 May, 2017, 21:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Search for: About DCK Subscribe Events Training Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content Design Machine Learning Hyper-convergence Supercomputers Edge Computing Power and Cooling Hardware Storage Networks Open Source Manage Security DevOps DCIM Uptime Business Deals Investing Startups Regulation Colocation Cloud Energy How to… Data Center World More Companies DCIM InfoCenter Humor Industry Perspectives Regions The Data Center Podcast The Apple Data Center FAQ The Facebook Data Center FAQ Google Data Center FAQ Data Center Knowledge Top Trending Articles Oracle Closes Big Cloud Deal With AT&T, Inks Equinix Partnership Massive, Six-Story Data Center in a Norwegian Mine Comes Online The Fat New Pipes that Link Facebook Data Centers Furious Land War Erupts Outside CME Data Center Cyxtera Puts a Fresh Spin on CenturyLink’s Former Data Center Empire Previous Article Tear Down the Silos: a Call for App-Centric Infrastructure Performance Management A technician at work in a data hall at Facebook's Altoona, Iowa, data center. (Photo: @2014 Jacob Sharp Photography) Featured, Uncategorized Top Five Data Center Stories: Week of May 19 by Data Center Knowledge  on May 20, 2017 Add Your Comments Tweet Here are the top stories that appeared on Data Center Knowledge this week: Facebook’s Data Center Powerhouse Spawns another Startup – RStor believes “network is storage.” NVIDIA CEO: AI Workloads Will “Flood” Data Centers – In preparation for this flood, data center managers need to answer some key basic questions. Google to Sell New AI `Supercomputer’ Chip Via Cloud Business – Google hopes it will quicken the pace of AI advancements. And despite official statements to the contrary, it may also threaten Intel Corp. and Nvidia Corp., the main suppliers of powerful semiconductors that run large processing tasks. HPE Rolls Out The Machine Prototype, Its Version of the Future of Computing – The core idea behind HPE’s new architecture – “the largest R&D program in the history of the company” – is replacing focus on the processor with focus on memory. Microsoft: Government Should Regulate IoT Security – Security is one of the biggest challenges in the budding IoT space, as companies rush products to the hot new market. Currently the “bar is low” for IoT security, according to Microsoft’s IoT chief. Stay current on data center industry news by subscribing to our RSS feed and daily e-mail updates, or by following us on Twitter or Facebook or join our LinkedIn Group – Data Center Knowledge Previous Article Tear Down the Silos: a Call for App-Centric Infrastructure Performance Management Tweet Get Daily Email News from DCK!Subscribe now and get our special report, "The World's Most Unique Data Centers." Email* Country* Please select United States United Kingdom Canada India Netherlands Australia South Africa France Germany Singapore Sweden Brazil -------------- Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil Brit/Indian Ocean Terr. Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Dem. Republic Of Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Terr. Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar United Kingdom Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard/McDonald Isls. Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea (North) Korea (South) Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar N. Mariana Isls. Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Samoa San Marino Sao Tome/Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia and Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovak Republic Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka St. Helena St. Pierre and Miquelon St. Vincent and Grenadines Sudan Suriname Svalbard/Jan Mayen Isls. Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks/Caicos Isls. Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United States US Minor Outlying Is. Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands (British) Virgin Islands (U.S.) Wallis/Futuna Isls. Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Enter your email to receive messages about offerings by Penton, its brands, affiliates and/or third-party partners, consistent with Penton's Privacy Policy. About the Author Data Center Knowledge (217 Posts) Data Center Knowledge is a leading online source of daily news and analysis about the data center industry. We cover a wide scope. Areas of coverage include advancements in power and cooling technology, processor and server architecture, networks, storage, the colocation industry, managed services and cloud, as well as developments in the modern web-scale data center space. Related Stories Business Top Five Data Center Stories: Week of March 24 by Data Center Knowledge on March 25, 2017 Here are the top stories that appeared on Data Center Knowledge this week. Read More Business Top Five Data Center Stories: Week of March 18 by Data Center Knowledge on March 19, 2017 Here are the top stories that appeared on Data Center Knowledge this week. Read More Business Top 5 Data Center Stories, Week of June 17 by Data Center Knowledge on June 18, 2016 For your weekend reading, here are some of the most popular stories that ran on Data Center Knowledge this week Read More Business Top 5 Data Center Stories, Week of May 6 by Data Center Knowledge on May 7, 2016 Here are the most popular stories that ran on Data Center Knowledge this week Read More Business Top 5 Data Center Stories, Week of July 24th by Data Center Knowledge on July 25, 2015 Here are some of the most popular stories on Data Center Knowledge this week Read More Add Your Comments Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (required) (will not be published) Website Get Daily Email News from DCK! Email* Country* Please select United States United Kingdom Canada India Netherlands Australia South Africa France Germany Singapore Sweden Brazil -------------- Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil Brit/Indian Ocean Terr. Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Dem. Republic Of Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Terr. Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar United Kingdom Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard/McDonald Isls. Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea (North) Korea (South) Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar N. Mariana Isls. Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Samoa San Marino Sao Tome/Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia and Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovak Republic Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka St. Helena St. Pierre and Miquelon St. Vincent and Grenadines Sudan Suriname Svalbard/Jan Mayen Isls. Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks/Caicos Isls. Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United States US Minor Outlying Is. Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands (British) Virgin Islands (U.S.) Wallis/Futuna Isls. Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Enter your email to receive messages about offerings by Penton, its brands, affiliates and/or third-party partners, consistent with Penton's Privacy Policy. Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google Plus RSS Feeds Featured Cloud Articles Cold Storage in the Cloud: Comparing AWS, Google, Microsoft Top Cloud Providers Made $11B on IaaS in 2015, but It’s Only the Beginning Featured Cooling Articles Dell Designs Custom Liquid Cooling System for eBay Data Centers Yahoo Wants to Sell Its ‘Chicken Coop’ Data Center Designs Archived Articles Select Month May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 Inside DCK About Us Advertise Staff Contact Us Submit News Submit Guest Column Site Map Hot Topics DCIM InfoCenter Facebook Apple Microsoft Google News Channels White Papers Events Calendar Internet of Things Storage Convergence Investing Stay Connected Daily Email Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Data Center Videos Humor Webinars Hosting and Cloud Web Hosting Talk HostingCon WHIR Hosting Catalog Hottest Hosts Data Center Data Center Knowledge Data Center World AFCOM Web Development Hot Scripts DB Forums Performance Marketing ABestWeb Consumer Tech Windows Secrets Overclockers Mac Forums Penton Privacy Policy Terms of Services Advertise Hosting By: LiquidWeb Powered by Penton Copyright © Penton Thank you Thank you for providing feedback. We receive a lot of feedback/requests so we cannot always respond immediately. We will do our best to respond to your feedback.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 22 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Innodisk: Gearing up for the Generational Shift in Embedded Storage TAIPEI, Taiwan, May 21, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — The new industrial-grade PCIe SSD and high-security AES SD card series are two of the innovative products that Innodisk will present at this year’s Computex in Taipei. In addition, the new InnoREC™ and Boot-up drive series will focus on surveillance and server solutions respectively. These innovations along with the new Innodisk Cloud Administration Platform (iCAP) and our DDR4 2666 and Very Low-Profile DRAM modules make up the core of Innodisk’s next step towards software and hardware integration. The latest innovations By combining the NVMe protocol and 3D NAND flash technology, the new PCIe M.2 SSD sports significantly increased performance and capacity. The compact M.2 form factor which is pushed by Intel allows for an easy integration into most systems. By also utilizing Marvell controllers, this module will help usher in the next generation of embedded and industrial storage. The 3D NAND technology has also been incorporated into many of Innodisk’s SATA form factor series. The new AES SD card series integrates the US government standard 256-bit AES encryption, making it one of the most secure SD products on the market. The encryption key is randomly generated and is unknown to both the user and manufacturer. The encryption process is also fully hardware-based and does not impact system operations when encrypting or decrypting data. As the number of interconnected devices keep growing under IoT, management is becoming increasingly challenging. To address this Innodisk is launching the cloud management software iCAP to help system operators monitor and remotely control all their cloud-connected devices. Automation Innodisk can offer a wide variety of customizable solutions to meet the demands of Industry 4.0. The 3ME4 SSD, 2666MT/s DDR4 SODIMM, as well as the EMUI IO expansion card and the new iCAP cloud management software make up the individual pieces of the comprehensive Innodisk solution.  With all these pieces in place, the user can easily monitor and control each connected device, making for a true smart-factory solution. Server The new SATADOM® Server Boot-up Drive series are compact, high-performance devices which uses Cable-less SATA Power technology to simplify server design. The Boot-Up Drives also implement evolved firmware algorithms that greatly extend data retention. With a height less then 1U and by using dedicated SATA connectors, server scaling is made easy while also freeing up more space for storage devices. Innodisk’s Server DIMM series comprises Very Low-Profile (VLP) and MINI DIMM such as 2666 MT/s 16GB MINI DIMM-VLP and 8GB MINI DIMM-VLP. These high-capacity DRAM modules are energy-efficient and designed to allow maximum airflow, thus keeping server maintenance costs to a minimum while simplifying server scaling. Surveillance With lower prices and extended longevity, SSDs are increasingly popular in the quickly growing surveillance market. The InnoREC™ feature set comprises multiple form factors that are optimized for surveillance applications. The RECLine™ feature combines several technologies that together deliver the optimal write performance for data recording. DRAM modules such as 2666 MT/s UDIMM-VLP and 32GB RDIMM-VLP offer high performance and small form factors that are perfect for surveillance applications. Innodisk’s isolated expansion cards provide reliable and robust PoE expansion that is certified and tested for harsh environments. With a large set of form factors and interfaces, our PoE expansion cards are easily integrated into any system. Aerospace and Defense InnoRobust™ is Innodisk’s DRAM and flash storage feature set designed for Aerospace and Defense applications that complies with MIL-STD-810G. It incorporates technologies and design features aimed at maximizing operability in extreme conditions. In addition to this, our data security features can delete and even physically destroy data in the blink of an eye, ensuring that vital information does not fall into the wrong hands. Our aerospace and defense storage devices also come with hardware integrated 256-bit AES cipher, further increasing data security. The customized, high-performance XRDIMM is the best choice for operations in extreme conditions. With a 300-pin connector and dual mounting holes, the module can be securely attached to any system. For more information, please visit us at: Computex 2017 Date: May 30th to June 3rd, 2017 Booth: 1F, J0818 Venue: Nangang Exhibition Hall, Taipei, Taiwan Or visit our website at Innodisk.com About Innodisk Innodisk is a service-driven provider of flash memory, DRAM modules and embedded peripheral products for the industrial and enterprise applications. With satisfied customers across the embedded, aerospace and defense, cloud storage markets and more, we have set ourselves apart with a commitment to dependable products and unparalleled service. This has resulted in products, including embedded peripherals, designed to supplement existing industrial solutions and high IOPS flash arrays for industrial and enterprise applications. The expanded business lines are leading our next step in being a comprehensive solution and service provider in the industrial storage industry. Founded in 2005 and headquartered in Taipei, Taiwan, Innodisk supports clients globally with engineering support and sales teams in mainland China, Europe, Japan, and the United States. With abundant experience and an unrivaled knowledge of the memory industry, Innodisk develops products with excellent quality, remarkable performance, great cost-efficiency, and the highest reliability. For more information about Innodisk, please visit http://www.innodisk.com .   Media Contact: Innodisk Lilian Chiang +886-02-7703-3000 ext.1511 lilian_chiang@innodisk.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/innodisk-gearing-up-for-the-generational-shift-in-embedded-storage-300459912.html SOURCE Innodisk Corporation CategoriesUncategorized TagsNew Products & Services, Trade Show News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious President Trump’s Speech to the Arab Islamic American Summit Search Recent Posts Innodisk: Gearing up for the Generational Shift in Embedded Storage President Trump’s Speech to the Arab Islamic American Summit Intelsat and Telkom Join Forces at 157 East to Expand Broadband Connectivity across Indonesia Evolve Education lifts annual profit 1.5% F&P Healthcare posts 18% gain in full-year profit Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Monday, May 22, 2017 Latest: How Asia Views Brexit – OpEd The Tragedy Of Forced Displacement – OpEd Powering India-Nepal Ties – Analysis The Significance Of The World Migratory Bird Day – OpEd No Peace In Middle East Without Defeating Islamic State Eurasia Review A Journal of Analysis and News News Opinion Analysis Business Social Religion Entertainment Environment Technology About Editorial Staff Authors and Partners Contact Submit an Article Buzz Future Privacy Policy And Terms Of Use World News  Unmasking Microchip Manufacture To Reveal New Potential Markets November 25, 2011 Eurasia Review 0 Comment Europe, Research By Eurasia Review Miniaturised devices like smart-phones have now reached the mass consumer market, but when first introduced, manufacturing costs for low volumes can keep innovative products from taking off. EU-funded researchers have developed new technology for microchip manufacture that promises to dramatically cut costs and increase design flexibility. By reducing costs for small-scale production, and enabling further miniaturisation in microchips, the results are likely to open the door for new applications and markets. The project’s technology will also help smaller EU microelectronics companies. Semiconductor lithography is the process by which microchips are printed with the tiny channels and gates which are the heart of transistors that make up the modern ‘integrated circuit’ (IC). Using a technique called ‘Maskless lithography’ (ML2), researchers in the EU-funded ‘Maskless lithography for IC manufacturing’ (MAGIC) project are starting a new era in small scale IC production that will make the process faster, simpler and cheaper. Current microchip manufacturing uses a mask-based optical lithography technique, essentially using a template to define the desired circuit pattern. It is a process that has long served the microchip industry well because it is very effective. But masks are very expensive; it can cost up to several hundred thousand euro to produce just one of them. A single chip requires several of these masks. The total mask cost is drastically rising as chip features become smaller and more sophisticated. For this reason, MAGIC studied the potential for maskless technology to combat the rising costs of semiconductor masks. Indeed, mask-based lithography becomes more and more complex with each new advance in lithographic technology. For example, optical proximity correction is a technique that compensates for distortion effects often seen along the edges of circuit channels, while phase-shift masks use interference produced by phase differences in light to improve the resolution of photolithography. Both of these techniques are needed to compensate for problems introduced by pushing lithographic techniques ever further. As lithography becomes more sophisticated mask manufacture becomes more complex and expensive. So masks now require higher performing, expensive materials and elaborate, time-consuming production processes. ‘There is now a real need for maskless lithography, because the increased costs associated with mask manufacture play a huge role in the overall cost of ownership of this technique,’ explains Laurent Pain, coordinator of the MAGIC project. ML2 technology uses multi-beam principles. Essentially, a large electron beam is focused through an aperture. The aperture can split the beam into thousands, or even millions, of smaller beams. These beams pass through an active ‘Micro-electrical-mechanical system’ (MEMS) element, called a blanker, which can control each beam individually. Some beams are then deflected, or blanked, while those that are allowed to pass create the desired microchip circuit. Helping the European microelectronics industry Large-scale industrial manufacturers, like Intel and Samsung, focus on massive production of microprocessors or memory chips. For them, the impact of lithography cost increase is less important because the associated costs are spread across huge production runs involving millions of chips. But companies developing ‘Application specific integrated circuits’ (ASIC) and small and medium-sized enterprises (SME) are struggling with the expense. It is a big problem for Europe because many of the continent’s technology companies are SMEs. It is a general problem for technology too, because the high cost of small-scale microchip manufacture can kill off innovation; new markets cannot take off if innovative devices are too expensive when manufactured in small numbers. The concept of a maskless technique is already supported by some key Complementary metal–oxide–semiconductor (CMOS) manufacturers around the world, like TSMC in Taiwan and STMicroelectronics in France. Even Intel, in recent industry conferences, has highlighted the potential of this technology as a complementary solution to optical lithography. This means the technology has a promising future and makes it an even more attractive R&D path. Testing multi-beam technologies MAGIC, the EU-funded collaborative project sought to develop ML2 technologies to ‘alpha-stage’ prototypes for testing. Two partners, the Netherlands-based MAPPER Lithography and Austria’s IMS Nanofabrication, had already made major advances towards high-resolution integrated circuit design using maskless electron lithography, confirming the capability of this technology and the leadership of these two European companies in the field. Half of MAGIC’s work focused on further development of the tools created by MAPPER and IMS. This provided a wide range of technology, as MAPPER’s tool is based on low voltage electron beams while IMS developed a high voltage beam system. The project delivered alpha-version prototypes meeting the semiconductor manufacturing requirements of 32 nanometre half-pitch technology. Half-pitch refers to the size of lines and spaces that separate one element from another on the microchip. ‘Over the three years of the project both platforms have pushed the maturity of their respective technology from the proof-of-concept to the pre-alpha level,’ notes Dr Pain, adding, ‘Today, both solutions have achieved significant progress, emphasising the credibility of maskless lithography.’ The second half of MAGIC’s work sought to develop the necessary infrastructure to use these tools in an industrial environment, and this infrastructure work was split into three key areas: data treatment, electron beam proximity effects and industrial integration. MAGIC developed a fast, robust and commercial data preparation platform, compatible with industry standards, that can provide full support for a maskless production system. The platform also compensates for ML2-related electron beam proximity effects. This was a vital development. Overall electron beam interaction on the substrate, as well as potential heating effects, has to be compensated for to ensure the accurate patterning of the microcircuit. The solutions developed within MAGIC eliminate this problem by applying the suitable corrections. Finally, the project demonstrated in real world conditions that ML2 can be integrated into manufacturing environments using the platforms developed by the partners. ‘2010 was an important year for MAGIC,’ remarks Pain. ‘This last year confirmed the full potential of massively-parallel electron beam lithography. For both developed technologies, operational machines were built that demonstrate all the key functional elements.’ The technique is promising but it has been a long time in development. IMS Nanofabrication first mooted the concept of maskless lithography in the 1980s, but required enabling technologies did not exist at the time. Recent efforts to support introduction of maskless lithography began in 2005 with another EU-funded project called ‘Radical innovation in maskless nanolithography’ (RIMANA) and with the MEDEA+ projects T408 and T409. Now MAGIC has dramatically enhanced Europe’s standing in advanced ML2 semiconductor manufacture. The MAGIC project received research funding under the EU’s Seventh Framework Programme (FP7), in the ICT budget line. ← Malaria In Suriname Almost Eliminated Data Mining 3.0: From Info To ‘Collective Intelligence’ → You May Also Like Commissioner Füle Encourages Adoption Of Election Law By Montenegro Parliament August 22, 2011 Eurasia Review 0 How Do Europeans Perceive The State Of The Economy? July 1, 2011 Eurasia Review 0 Turkey Earthquake Takes Heavy Toll, Death Toll Nears 1,000 October 23, 2011 Ria Novosti 0 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Latest Articles 1 Business Opinion  How Asia Views Brexit – OpEd May 22, 2017 EU-Asia Centre 0 Asian countries were shocked at the June 2016 Brexit referendum result and since then have been struggling, along with the 1 Opinion Social Issues  The Tragedy Of Forced Displacement – OpEd May 22, 2017 Graham Peebles 0 1 Analysis Business  Powering India-Nepal Ties – Analysis May 22, 2017 Monish Gulati 0 1 Environment Opinion  The Significance Of The World Migratory Bird Day – OpEd May 22, 2017 Shahzeb Khan* 0 1 World News  No Peace In Middle East Without Defeating Islamic State May 22, 2017 Eurasia Review 0 1 Social Issues  Income Inequality, Polarization Of Societies Biggest Long-Term Impact On Arab World May 22, 2017 Eurasia Review 0 1 Analysis  Israel And US Relations In Time Of Transition – Analysis May 22, 2017 CRS 0 Recent Comments walterdublanica on New Ukrainian Legislation About Religion Will Finalize Divorce Between Kyiv and Moscow – OpEd John Kountz on Robert Reich: Europe’s View Of Trump – OpEd Peter Givens on Russia Opens Passenger And Cargo Shipping Service With North Korea – OpEd Case123 on China’s Builds Up One Belt One Road Initiative, As US Sleeps At Wheel – Analysis Rubel on SAARC: Towards Exploring Idea Of ‘South Asian-Ness’ And Regional Consciousness – Analysis Copyright © 2017 Eurasia Review. All rights reserved. (ISSN 2330-717X) This popup will close in: Please Support Eurasia Review   Eurasia Review does not receive financial support from any institution, corporation or organization. We are truly independent. Your contributions allow Eurasia Review to continue operating. Please consider donating today.   Signup for Eurasia Review's FREE newsletter CLOSE
Linux Deepin v15.4 64-bit-P2P Posted on 21.05.2017 at 21:53 in Applications, Linux by TheInsertus P2P group has released the updated version of “Linux Deepin”. Enjoy! Description: Linux Deepin (formarly Hiweed GNU/Linux) is an open source and freely distributed operating system based on the Debian GNU/Linux distribution (previously was based on Ubuntu, which is derived from Debian) and featuring its own desktop environment, theme, icons, and login manager. Availability, boot options and system requirements It is available for download as installable-only DVD ISO images, one for the 32-bit architecture and another one for 64-bit hardware platforms. The ISOs can be deployed to USB flash drives of 2 GB or higher capacity, as well as on blank DVD discs. From the boot prompt, users can only install the operating system. Recommended system requirements include an Intel Pentium IV 2GHz processor or better, at least 1GB of RAM (2 GB recommended for best performance), at least 10 GB of free disk space, a modern video graphics card from Intel, AMD or Nvidia, an AC97, Sound Blaster or HDA sound card, and a CD/DVD-ROM devices or USB port. Astonishing desktop environment, powerful applications As mentioned, Deepin uses its own desktop environment, which is very futuristic and provides users with an astonishing graphical session comprised of a single dock located at the bottom edge of the screen, from where users can launch applications. Among the includes software, we can mention Google Chrome web browser, Nautilus file manager, Mozilla Thunderbird email client, Pidgin instant messenger, Remmina remote desktop client, Gedit text editor, Kingsoft office suite, as well as Deepin Software Center, Deepin Game Center, DMusic audio player, DPlayer video player, and DSnapshot screenshot utility. Bottom line Summing up, Deepin is a great Linux distribution that boots fast, looks really amazing and unique (something never seen in a Linux OS before), and uses a stable Ubuntu base that runs well only on high-end machines. It really deserves ten stars! Release Name: Linux.Deepin.v15.4.64-bit-P2P Size: 2.43 GB Links: NFO – NTi Download: FILEFACTORY / Part1 – Part2 – Part3 / Download: RAPIDGATOR / Part1 – Part2 – Part3 / Comments(3) Previous post: MultiBoot 2k10 DVD/USB/HDD Unofficial v7.7-P2P Next post: Windows 10 Numix (x64) Th2 2016-P2P Comments Feel free to post your Linux Deepin v15.4 64-bit-P2P torrent, subtitles, samples, free download, quality, NFO, rapidshare, depositfiles, uploaded.net, rapidgator, filefactory, netload, crack, serial, keygen, requirements or whatever-related comments here. Don't be rude (permban), use only English, don't go offtopic and read FAQ before asking a question. Owners of this website aren't responsible for content of comments. Cristiano Ronaldo May 21st, 2017 | 22:33 Linux Deepin v15.4 64-bit-P2P = . . . . RapidGator . . . . = http://rapidgator.net/file/6128efbc405ea103b487c09671caeafd/Linux_Deepin_v15.4_64-bit.rar.html UsersCloud https://userscloud.com/n8ffye7r80ui MexaShare http://www.mexashare.com/e3ytdffs77a6 4DownFiles https://4downfiles.org/svwtkidhexup ………..Enjoy! …………… Cristiano Ronaldo May 21st, 2017 | 22:39 Linux Deepin v15.4 64-bit-P2P . Uploadgig http://uploadgig.com/file/download/fF34d8f7756030Ac/Linux Deepin v15.4 64-bit.rar . ………..Enjoy! …………… sssddd7 May 22nd, 2017 | 01:49 https://www.file-upload.com/wd0nd1yiqlxt https://www.file-upload.com/x6f89fa96v62 http://www.owndrives.com/f6sexw4lwlg9/Linux_Deepin_v15.4_64-bit.part1.rar.html http://www.owndrives.com/bzfqigco4oe3/Linux_Deepin_v15.4_64-bit.part2.rar.html http://rapidgator.net/file/ba594f04adfde9ce83944fda079a6115/Linux_Deepin_v15.4_64-bit.part1.rar.html http://rapidgator.net/file/9e7c28253c60f9aeda86e7e1b8a90152/Linux_Deepin_v15.4_64-bit.part2.rar.html http://uploadgig.com/file/download/78775b6A1d7a9282/Linux Deepin v15.4 64-bit.part1.rar http://uploadgig.com/file/download/9c978337e5d21682/Linux Deepin v15.4 64-bit.part2.rar http://uploadrocket.net/xp26guhj8auz/Linux_Deepin_v15.4_64-bit.part1.rar.html http://uploadrocket.net/iip8zqp8bg2b/Linux_Deepin_v15.4_64-bit.part2.rar.html https://userscloud.com/dp94ybp1h61d https://userscloud.com/3wvr4e4f0lpx Leave a reply name (required) email ( will not be shown ) (required)   Search Categories Anime (RSS) Applications (RSS) Android (RSS) iOS (RSS) MAC (RSS) Tutorials (RSS) Windows (RSS) Ebooks (RSS) Comics (RSS) eBook (RSS) Magazines (RSS) Games (RSS) Linux (RSS) MAC (RSS) PC (RSS) PS3 (RSS) PSP (RSS) Wii (RSS) XBOX360 (RSS) Offtopic (RSS) Site news (RSS) Tech News (RSS) MViD (RSS) Staff Picks (RSS) Pages About Releaselog Advertise on RLSLOG! FAQ How-To Help Link eXchange Movie formats Movie sources Privacy Policy RLSLOG Nuke Dictionary Torrent sites Archives Select Month May 2017  (976) April 2017  (1470) March 2017  (1495) February 2017  (1575) January 2017  (1458) December 2016  (1383) November 2016  (1792) October 2016  (1704) September 2016  (1334) August 2016  (1122) July 2016  (1182) June 2016  (1239) May 2016  (707) April 2016  (572) March 2016  (667) February 2016  (459) January 2016  (672) December 2015  (920) November 2015  (830) October 2015  (725) September 2015  (809) August 2015  (824) July 2015  (877) June 2015  (728) May 2015  (601) April 2015  (724) March 2015  (885) February 2015  (831) January 2015  (1573) December 2014  (1304) November 2014  (904) October 2014  (855) September 2014  (847) August 2014  (686) July 2014  (885) June 2014  (920) May 2014  (908) April 2014  (1074) March 2014  (1045) February 2014  (836) January 2014  (606) December 2013  (705) November 2013  (692) October 2013  (751) September 2013  (655) August 2013  (511) July 2013  (486) June 2013  (589) May 2013  (603) April 2013  (676) March 2013  (677) February 2013  (513) January 2013  (366) December 2012  (347) November 2012  (401) October 2012  (328) September 2012  (405) August 2012  (385) July 2012  (356) June 2012  (392) May 2012  (540) April 2012  (569) March 2012  (588) February 2012  (388) January 2012  (422) December 2011  (602) November 2011  (569) October 2011  (710) September 2011  (603) August 2011  (518) July 2011  (222) June 2011  (393) May 2011  (370) April 2011  (438) March 2011  (456) February 2011  (439) January 2011  (443) December 2010  (533) November 2010  (462) October 2010  (371) September 2010  (320) August 2010  (216) July 2010  (329) June 2010  (302) May 2010  (288) April 2010  (305) March 2010  (320) February 2010  (286) January 2010  (309) December 2009  (293) November 2009  (271) October 2009  (231) September 2009  (354) August 2009  (278) July 2009  (318) June 2009  (377) May 2009  (270) April 2009  (210) March 2009  (236) February 2009  (116) January 2009  (164) December 2008  (143) November 2008  (173) October 2008  (216) September 2008  (254) August 2008  (203) July 2008  (176) June 2008  (209) May 2008  (234) April 2008  (166) March 2008  (190) February 2008  (153) January 2008  (169) December 2007  (180) November 2007  (229) October 2007  (210) September 2007  (134) August 2007  (155) July 2007  (139) June 2007  (145) May 2007  (171) April 2007  (127) March 2007  (137) February 2007  (76) January 2007  (68) December 2006  (88) November 2006  (69) October 2006  (46) September 2006  (39) August 2006  (26) July 2006  (52) June 2006  (33) May 2006  (62) April 2006  (53) March 2006  (51) February 2006  (22) January 2006  (25) Links RSS | IRC | Contact New releases | posts NewTorrents.info Leecher's Lair Rapidshare King PREKiNG RushFlights Most rated Fast and Furious 3: Tokyo Drift soundtrack Russian eBay and Paypal cheaters busted Piracy isn't THAT bad and they know it UK: tougher piracy laws, blacklists of pirates Most popular Mass Effect-DETONATiON Alone In The Dark-iND Grand Theft Auto IV-Razor1911 The Forbidden Kingdom R5 XViD-PUKKA Wanted R5 LiNE XviD-iVE Link exchange Dealslands Subtitles Dl4all Download GFX EPDM Pond Liner Whiskey Decanters more links... Rapidshare King HDRsoft Photomatix Pro 6.0 Serif Affinity Designer 1.5.3.69 Multilingual Malwarebytes Anti-Exploit for Business 1.09.2.1413 Bobs Burgers S07E21 720p HDTV x264-AVS The Simpsons S28E22 720p HDTV x264-AVS Releaselog © RLSLOG.net 2006-2017
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Panasonic is making a massive bet on electric cars — here's why the US CEO says it's a 'slam dunk' investment Danielle Muoio May 21, 2017, 10:37 AM 7,042 facebook linkedin twitter email print Panasonic focused on auto tech during CES in January, Thomson Reuters Panasonic, like many companies today, is betting big on auto tech becoming a massive cash cow in the next decade. New alliances are forming almost every day as companies without a traditional foothold in the automotive space try to get a slice of the pie. Google is working with Fiat Chrysler on self-driving cars while making next-generation display systems for Volvo; new software startups like Otonomo are shelling out their services to major companies like Daimler; and BMW is partnering with companies like Intel on data collection. Panasonic is just one of many players collaborating with the auto industry to focus on vehicles of the future. "Our business has evolved over a period of time, especially in the recent past of going from purely a consumer business to a B2B business," Tom Gebhardt, chairman and CEO of Panasonic's North American operations, told Business Insider. "There's a number of reasons for that: The commoditization of consumer products [and] the unfavorability in some of the cost models led us to look for better values in-vehicle technologies," he continued. Working with Tesla and Google Tom Gebhardt, chairman and CEO of Panasonic's North American operations. Panasonic Prior to taking over Panasonic's North American division in April, Gebhardt led the company's automotive division for five years.  Placing an executive with several years of automotive expertise at the helm of North American operations says something about the company's pivot from consumer electronics to auto tech. That larger cultural shift came from Panasonic President Kazuhiro Tsuga when he took over in 2012. As Forbes details in a 2016 profile, Tsuga was key to transitioning Panasonic from its failing plasma TV business to other revenue streams, like in-flight entertainment systems in planes and electric cars. Panasonic isn't stretching too far from its roots when it comes to this kind of vehicle tech. Gebhardt noted that Panasonic had a presence in the car radio business starting in 2008, giving it a natural introduction to multimedia displays with its electronics background. Gebhardt said Panasonic is channeling resources toward digital cockpits and vehicle entertainment systems as self-driving vehicles become more in reach. "If the scenario says the car drives itself, it’s similar to sitting in an airplane seat because you’re no longer actively driving," he said. "We see that as an evolution of the space that’s quite interesting going forward that has infinite possibilities for us." Fiat Chrysler's portal concept. Screenshot As an extension of that plan, Panasonic recently worked with Fiat Chrysler on its semi-autonomous Portal concept car shown off at CES in January. The concept featured electronics like an OLED touchscreen with facial and voice recognition. Panasonic sees itself playing a role in fully autonomous cars as well by developing mobile offices or televisions specifically for self-driving cars, Gebhardt said. Perhaps more notable is Panasonic's relationship with Telsa. As one of the largest battery manufacturers in the world, competing with the likes of LG Chem and Samsung SDI, Panasonic had an easy entry into the electric vehicle space. The company plans to invest $1.6 billion in Tesla's Gigafactory. "The future is definitely electric, no question in my mind, it’s more of, 'what is the future timeline?' Is it 10 years, 15 years, 40 years?" Gebhardt said. "We don’t see an alternative more interesting that, it’s just a matter of what the adoption hits at the scale that makes this a slam dunk." Tesla's massive battery plant, the Gigafactory, in Sparks, Nevada. YouTube/Matthew Roberts But, there are hurdles to overcome in both these spaces. From the connected vehicle side, consumer adoption of infotainment systems is still lagging. J.D. Power led a 2016 study that found that more than 50% of car owners never used their in-vehicle displays after 90 days of purchase, preferring the ease of using their smartphones. But the tech is still in its first-generation, Gebhardt said, adding adoption will improve with the technology. Google's new Android display, for example, will integrate its smart voice assistant to encourage usage while driving. "Any time you’re dealing with a first generation product, a user is not going to be overly comfortable," he said. As for electric cars, vehicle adoption in the US is still tepid, and global sales hover at 1%. Gebhardt acknowledged adoption is slow in the US, particularly due to low gas prices — a trend that is likely to persist if Trump comes through on his promise to roll back fuel emissions standards. He said, however, that this is likely a "short-term problem." While the US market is slow to progress, there's still hope when it comes to China, which is making a concerted effort to incentivize battery-powered vehicles. China "being the largest car market in the world has a big influence on what will happen," Gebhardt said. "If they adopt in a big way, that changes the balance of where electric is today versus where it will be going." Panasonic has made some heavy investments in nascent areas, but expects to see a return on investment soon. Tsuga recently said Panasonic is expecting an increase in net profit in fiscal year 2017, its first gain in two years, because of new bets on transit, Nikkei Asian Review reported. "We're pretty bullish on the fact that this is a space that will continue to grow and there’s value there," Gebhardt said. Get the latest Tesla stock price here. SEE ALSO: Mercedes just made a huge play that could threaten Tesla's home-battery business NOW WATCH: An electric car just set a record on the infamous Nürburgring track Loading video... More: Panasonic batteries Electric Cars Tesla BITranspo facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Panasonic is making a massive bet on electric cars — here's why the US CEO says it's a 'slam dunk' investment Panasonic is making a massive bet on electric cars — here's why the US CEO says it's a 'slam dunk' investment Panasonic, like many companies today, is... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured THE BOTTOM LINE: Jamie Dimon and trillion dollar Apple More "The Bottom Line" » First job, first car, first apartment: The smartest things to do with your money in your 20s More "Life Plan" » Finance Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
All News | Boards | Chips | Devices | Software | LinuxDevices.com Archive | About | Contact | Subscribe Follow LinuxGizmos: > get email updates < Search LinuxGizmos: Search LinuxGizmos.com + LinuxDevices Archive: LinuxGizmos Sponsor ads: (advertise here) Top 10 trending posts… Arduino Cinque board taps SiFive RISC-V SoC and an ESP32 wireless chip Arduino shows off LoRa gateway and node shields Ubuntu-ready SMB net appliance has dual mini-PCIe slots Intel's "Euclid" robotics compute module on sale for $399 Ringing in 2017 with 90 hacker-friendly single board computers Tizen 4.0 unveiled with a Linux-like RTOS variant for IoT Compact, rugged Apollo Lake computer has swappable SATA Whipping up IBM Watson voice services with OpenWhisk Tiny Snapdragon 820 module offers Linux, Android 7.0, and 9-axis MEMs Open source, $125 NAS SBC has four SATA 3.0 ports Follow LinuxGizmos or subscribe to our posts: Follow: Enter your email address to receive notifications of new posts: Email Address LinuxGizmos Sponsor ads: (advertise here) Compact, rugged Apollo Lake computer has swappable SATA May 19, 2017 — by Eric Brown — 235 views Axiomtek’s tough, Linux-ready “eBOX100-312-FL” embedded computer offers a Celeron N3350 SoC, a SATA bay, and 2x mini-PCIe, HDMI, GbE, and USB 3.0 ports. The fanless, 216 x 137.65 x 44mm eBOX100-312-FL is not quite as compact as Axiomtek’s similarly rugged, Bay Trail Atom based eBOX620-841-FL and eBOX625-841-FL computers. Yet, it offers benefits such as a more powerful Intel Apollo Lake processor, USB 3.0 ports, and dual HDMI ports instead of VGA and HDMI. eBOX100-312-FL, front and back (click images to enlarge) The eBOX100-312-FL runs Ubuntu, RHEL, CentOS, Fedora, or Windows 10 IoT on Intel’s dual-core, 1.1GHz/2.4GHz Celeron N3350 with 6W TDP. You can load up to 8GB of DDR3L-1600 RAM via a single slot, and there’s an externally accessible 2.5-inch SATA bay for swappable storage. External ports include 2x USB 3.0, 4x USB 2.0, and 2x GbE ports with Jumbo Frame, WoL, and PXE boot support. The dual HDMI 1.4B ports provide dual display and 4K support. Internal interfaces include an RS-232 port, a SIM card slot, and dual full-size mini-PCIe slots with USB/PCIe signaling. Four antenna connectors are also available, along with optional WiFi and 3G/LTE modules. Additional features include a watchdog, a 12 VDC input, a reset button, 2x LEDs, and ATX, AT/ATX, and remote switches. eBOX100-312-FL detail views (click image to enlarge) The 1.15 kilogram aluminum extrusion and steel enclosure is IP40 protected against ingress, and supports a -5 to 60°C range. The box is protected against vibration at up to 3 Grms (5-500Hz, X, Y, Z directions) with CFast. This feature is not otherwise indicated in the datasheet, so we imagine it refers to the optional SATA SSD, which is available along with SATA HDDs. Other options include wall-, VESA, and DIN-rail mounting kits.   Further information The eBOX100-312-FL will be available in June at an undisclosed price. More information may be found at Axiomtek’s eBOX100-312-FL product page.   Related posts: Tough little Haswell-powered Linux box does 4K2K HDMI Rugged box-PC runs Linux on quad-core Atom Tough box-PCs support dual GbE, dual displays, wireless Rugged, expandable embedded PC runs Linux on Skylake SoCs Rugged embedded box gets tough with Kaby Lake Rugged transport PC runs Linux on Kaby Lake Ubuntu-ready SMB net appliance has dual mini-PCIe slots Rugged, compact IoT gateway runs Linux on Apollo Lake Thin 3.5-inch SBC features Apollo Lake chips, dual GbE, dual Rugged, Linux-friendly module taps Apollo Lake (advertise here) PLEASE COMMENT BELOW Please comment here... Cancel reply (advertise here) The content on this site is copyright © 2007-2017 Rick Lehrbaum unless otherwise noted. Comments are the property of their submitters. Content originally published on LinuxDevices is Copyright © 1999-2017 QuinStreet Inc. and is reproduced here under license from its owner. LinuxGizmos is part of the DeviceGuru Blog Network. Linux is a registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Contact us | Privacy policy | Terms of use | About us | RSS feed
Sign In Register Home Subscribe Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Vacation Hold Report a problem eEdition Submit News About Us About Us Become a distributor Customer Care Contact Us Advertising Advertising Place an ad Our Partners Our Partners VIP Magazine Hardin County News Jasper Newsboy Lakecaster Southeasttexas Classifieds Archives Careers Local Were you 'Seen'? Crime Weather Communities Communities Orange County Hardin County Kountze Lumberton Silsbee Sour Lake Lakes Region Buna Jasper Kirbyville Newton Woodville Mid-County Groves Nederland Port Arthur Port Neches Sabine Pass Orange County Bridge City Mauriceville Vidor Bolivar Peninsula Chambers County Liberty County cat5 Archives Best of Everything Guide Photos: AMSET hosts family art day Photos: Colorful Corvettes on display at car show Newton High principal resigns after administrative leave Guns and drugs seized in Port Neches US & World Nation World Louisiana Texas Hot Topics Texas set to pass transgender bathroom law for schools Trial set to begin in killing of 2-year-old 'Baby Doe' Growing grassroots movements confronting school sex assault Students sexually abused by peers face struggles in court A&E VIP Magazine Calendar Seen Movies TV Comics Puzzles Horoscopes Games Lottery Photo Sponsored Articles Clint Eastwood tells Cannes he might act again some day The Latest: 2 future British kings attend Pippa's wedding Hugh Jackman's secret? He didn't know wolverines are real Fox Sports will use drivers to call NASCR Xfinity race cat5 Sports High School Lamar The NFL College Football Outdoors The Huddle In the Cards Baseball Golf Basketball Houston Astros Houston Rockets Houston Texans Other sports Postseason tournament forces quick travel plans for Lamar PN-G shuts out Barbers Hill, forces third game Lamar to face Cal Poly after winning NISC regional Bridge City run rules Silsbee in first game of series Business Technology Texas Business Nation & World Fuel Fix Business Directory Sponsored Content Beaumont Rice Mills turns 125 Port Neches animal groomer takes her work on the road Downtown library to re-open Tuesday JC Penney stores in SETX spared for now Obits Opinion Editorials Letters Submit a Letter Columns Cartoons 'Toon Time 5-20-17 'Toon Time 5-19-17 'Toon Time 5-18-17 'Toon Time 5-17-17 Cars Jobs Latest Local Job Videos Compare your salary Homes SETX Real Estate It's a seller's market... if you can find a place to move The most expensive Lumberton homes on the market $5 million French-style Kirbyville home for sale Century-old downtown Orange building for sale offers eclectic, MenuSections http://www.businessinsider.com/panasonic-tom-gebhardt-bullish-electric-connected-cars-2017-5?utm_source=hearst&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=allverticals Panasonic is making a massive bet on electric cars — here's why the US CEO says it's a 'slam dunk' investment Danielle Muoio, provided by Published 9:37 am, Sunday, May 21, 2017 Thomson Reuters Panasonic, like many companies today, is betting big on auto tech becoming a massive cash cow in the next decade. New alliances are forming almost every day as companies without a traditional foothold in the automotive space try to get a slice of the pie. Google is working with Fiat Chrysler on self-driving cars while making next-generation display systems for Volvo; new software startups like Otonomo are shelling out their services to major companies like Daimler; and BMW is partnering with companies like Intel on data collection. Panasonic is just one of many players collaborating with the auto industry to focus on vehicles of the future. "Our business has evolved over a period of time, especially in the recent past of going from purely a consumer business to a B2B business," Tom Gebhardt, chairman and CEO of Panasonic's North American operations, told Business Insider. "There's a number of reasons for that: The commoditization of consumer products [and] the unfavorability in some of the cost models led us to look for better values in-vehicle technologies," he continued. Working with Tesla and Google PanasonicPrior to taking over Panasonic's North American division in April, Gebhardt led the company's automotive division for five years.  Placing an executive with several years of automotive expertise at the helm of North American operations says something about the company's pivot from consumer electronics to auto tech. That larger cultural shift came from Panasonic President Kazuhiro Tsuga when he took over in 2012. As Forbes details in a 2016 profile, Tsuga was key to transitioning Panasonic from its failing plasma TV business to other revenue streams, like in-flight entertainment systems in planes and electric cars. Panasonic isn't stretching too far from its roots when it comes to this kind of vehicle tech. Gebhardt noted that Panasonic had a presence in the car radio business starting in 2008, giving it a natural introduction to multimedia displays with its electronics background. Gebhardt said Panasonic is channeling resources toward digital cockpits and vehicle entertainment systems as self-driving vehicles become more in reach. "If the scenario says the car drives itself, it’s similar to sitting in an airplane seat because you’re no longer actively driving," he said. "We see that as an evolution of the space that’s quite interesting going forward that has infinite possibilities for us." Screenshot As an extension of that plan, Panasonic recently worked with Fiat Chrysler on its semi-autonomous Portal concept car shown off at CES in January. The concept featured electronics like an OLED touchscreen with facial and voice recognition. Panasonic sees itself playing a role in fully autonomous cars as well by developing mobile offices or televisions specifically for self-driving cars, Gebhardt said. Perhaps more notable is Panasonic's relationship with Telsa. As one of the largest battery manufacturers in the world, competing with the likes of LG Chem and Samsung SDI, Panasonic had an easy entry into the electric vehicle space. The company plans to invest $1.6 billion in Tesla's Gigafactory. "The future is definitely electric, no question in my mind, it’s more of, 'what is the future timeline?' Is it 10 years, 15 years, 40 years?" Gebhardt said. "We don’t see an alternative more interesting that, it’s just a matter of what the adoption hits at the scale that makes this a slam dunk." YouTube/Matthew Roberts But, there are hurdles to overcome in both these spaces. From the connected vehicle side, consumer adoption of infotainment systems is still lagging. J.D. Power led a 2016 study that found that more than 50% of car owners never used their in-vehicle displays after 90 days of purchase, preferring the ease of using their smartphones. But the tech is still in its first-generation, Gebhardt said, adding adoption will improve with the technology. Google's new Android display, for example, will integrate its smart voice assistant to encourage usage while driving. "Any time you’re dealing with a first generation product, a user is not going to be overly comfortable," he said. As for electric cars, vehicle adoption in the US is still tepid, and global sales hover at 1%. Gebhardt acknowledged adoption is slow in the US, particularly due to low gas prices — a trend that is likely to persist if Trump comes through on his promise to roll back fuel emissions standards. He said, however, that this is likely a "short-term problem." While the US market is slow to progress, there's still hope when it comes to China, which is making a concerted effort to incentivize battery-powered vehicles. China "being the largest car market in the world has a big influence on what will happen," Gebhardt said. "If they adopt in a big way, that changes the balance of where electric is today versus where it will be going." Panasonic has made some heavy investments in nascent areas, but expects to see a return on investment soon. Tsuga recently said Panasonic is expecting an increase in net profit in fiscal year 2017, its first gain in two years, because of new bets on transit, Nikkei Asian Review reported. "We're pretty bullish on the fact that this is a space that will continue to grow and there’s value there," Gebhardt said. Join the conversation about this story » NOW WATCH: An electric car just set a record on the infamous Nürburgring track See Also: 7 electric cars coming to market by 2020 that you can actually afford Ford’s first electric SUV could have an edge on Tesla's Model Y Wall Street is freaking out about a 'Motown Slowdown' — but the US auto industry is actually in fantastic shape SEE ALSO: Mercedes just made a huge play that could threaten Tesla's home-battery business Top Stories Mugshots: Guns, drugs seized in Port Neches Hearse stolen from McDonald's, body dumped in ditch Clock Boy's case implodes in court Ex-West Orange-Stark coach will now serve time Feds search Harbor Health, agents confiscate boxes Sour Lake driver indicted on intoxication manslaughter 14-year-old could face life as sex offender for sex with... Texas mother warns of choking dangers with spinners Local News Photos: AMSET hosts family art day Photos: Colorful Corvettes on display at car show Beaumont siblings killed in car crash Newton High principal resigns after administrative leave Part of US 69 between MLK, Highland to close two nights Guns and drugs seized in Port Neches Latest News Videos View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Subscriber Services Advertising Careers Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact FAQ Contact Us eEdition Connect Facebook Twitter Google Instagram Hearst Newspapers © Hearst Newspapers, II LLC
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Panasonic is making a massive bet on electric cars — here's why the US CEO says it's a 'slam dunk' investment Danielle Muoio May 21, 2017, 10:37 AM 7,042 facebook linkedin twitter email print Panasonic focused on auto tech during CES in January, Thomson Reuters Panasonic, like many companies today, is betting big on auto tech becoming a massive cash cow in the next decade. New alliances are forming almost every day as companies without a traditional foothold in the automotive space try to get a slice of the pie. Google is working with Fiat Chrysler on self-driving cars while making next-generation display systems for Volvo; new software startups like Otonomo are shelling out their services to major companies like Daimler; and BMW is partnering with companies like Intel on data collection. Panasonic is just one of many players collaborating with the auto industry to focus on vehicles of the future. "Our business has evolved over a period of time, especially in the recent past of going from purely a consumer business to a B2B business," Tom Gebhardt, chairman and CEO of Panasonic's North American operations, told Business Insider. "There's a number of reasons for that: The commoditization of consumer products [and] the unfavorability in some of the cost models led us to look for better values in-vehicle technologies," he continued. Working with Tesla and Google Tom Gebhardt, chairman and CEO of Panasonic's North American operations. Panasonic Prior to taking over Panasonic's North American division in April, Gebhardt led the company's automotive division for five years.  Placing an executive with several years of automotive expertise at the helm of North American operations says something about the company's pivot from consumer electronics to auto tech. That larger cultural shift came from Panasonic President Kazuhiro Tsuga when he took over in 2012. As Forbes details in a 2016 profile, Tsuga was key to transitioning Panasonic from its failing plasma TV business to other revenue streams, like in-flight entertainment systems in planes and electric cars. Panasonic isn't stretching too far from its roots when it comes to this kind of vehicle tech. Gebhardt noted that Panasonic had a presence in the car radio business starting in 2008, giving it a natural introduction to multimedia displays with its electronics background. Gebhardt said Panasonic is channeling resources toward digital cockpits and vehicle entertainment systems as self-driving vehicles become more in reach. "If the scenario says the car drives itself, it’s similar to sitting in an airplane seat because you’re no longer actively driving," he said. "We see that as an evolution of the space that’s quite interesting going forward that has infinite possibilities for us." Fiat Chrysler's portal concept. Screenshot As an extension of that plan, Panasonic recently worked with Fiat Chrysler on its semi-autonomous Portal concept car shown off at CES in January. The concept featured electronics like an OLED touchscreen with facial and voice recognition. Panasonic sees itself playing a role in fully autonomous cars as well by developing mobile offices or televisions specifically for self-driving cars, Gebhardt said. Perhaps more notable is Panasonic's relationship with Telsa. As one of the largest battery manufacturers in the world, competing with the likes of LG Chem and Samsung SDI, Panasonic had an easy entry into the electric vehicle space. The company plans to invest $1.6 billion in Tesla's Gigafactory. "The future is definitely electric, no question in my mind, it’s more of, 'what is the future timeline?' Is it 10 years, 15 years, 40 years?" Gebhardt said. "We don’t see an alternative more interesting that, it’s just a matter of what the adoption hits at the scale that makes this a slam dunk." Tesla's massive battery plant, the Gigafactory, in Sparks, Nevada. YouTube/Matthew Roberts But, there are hurdles to overcome in both these spaces. From the connected vehicle side, consumer adoption of infotainment systems is still lagging. J.D. Power led a 2016 study that found that more than 50% of car owners never used their in-vehicle displays after 90 days of purchase, preferring the ease of using their smartphones. But the tech is still in its first-generation, Gebhardt said, adding adoption will improve with the technology. Google's new Android display, for example, will integrate its smart voice assistant to encourage usage while driving. "Any time you’re dealing with a first generation product, a user is not going to be overly comfortable," he said. As for electric cars, vehicle adoption in the US is still tepid, and global sales hover at 1%. Gebhardt acknowledged adoption is slow in the US, particularly due to low gas prices — a trend that is likely to persist if Trump comes through on his promise to roll back fuel emissions standards. He said, however, that this is likely a "short-term problem." While the US market is slow to progress, there's still hope when it comes to China, which is making a concerted effort to incentivize battery-powered vehicles. China "being the largest car market in the world has a big influence on what will happen," Gebhardt said. "If they adopt in a big way, that changes the balance of where electric is today versus where it will be going." Panasonic has made some heavy investments in nascent areas, but expects to see a return on investment soon. Tsuga recently said Panasonic is expecting an increase in net profit in fiscal year 2017, its first gain in two years, because of new bets on transit, Nikkei Asian Review reported. "We're pretty bullish on the fact that this is a space that will continue to grow and there’s value there," Gebhardt said. Get the latest Tesla stock price here. SEE ALSO: Mercedes just made a huge play that could threaten Tesla's home-battery business NOW WATCH: An electric car just set a record on the infamous Nürburgring track Loading video... More: Panasonic batteries Electric Cars Tesla BITranspo facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Panasonic is making a massive bet on electric cars — here's why the US CEO says it's a 'slam dunk' investment Panasonic is making a massive bet on electric cars — here's why the US CEO says it's a 'slam dunk' investment Panasonic, like many companies today, is... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured THE BOTTOM LINE: Jamie Dimon and trillion dollar Apple More "The Bottom Line" » First job, first car, first apartment: The smartest things to do with your money in your 20s More "Life Plan" » Finance Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Sign In Register Home Subscribe Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Vacation Hold Report a problem eEdition Submit News About Us About Us Become a distributor Customer Care Contact Us Advertising Advertising Place an ad Our Partners Our Partners VIP Magazine Hardin County News Jasper Newsboy Lakecaster Southeasttexas Classifieds Archives Careers Local Were you 'Seen'? Crime Weather Communities Communities Orange County Hardin County Kountze Lumberton Silsbee Sour Lake Lakes Region Buna Jasper Kirbyville Newton Woodville Mid-County Groves Nederland Port Arthur Port Neches Sabine Pass Orange County Bridge City Mauriceville Vidor Bolivar Peninsula Chambers County Liberty County cat5 Archives Best of Everything Guide Photos: AMSET hosts family art day Photos: Colorful Corvettes on display at car show Newton High principal resigns after administrative leave Guns and drugs seized in Port Neches US & World Nation World Louisiana Texas Hot Topics Texas set to pass transgender bathroom law for schools Trial set to begin in killing of 2-year-old 'Baby Doe' Growing grassroots movements confronting school sex assault Students sexually abused by peers face struggles in court A&E VIP Magazine Calendar Seen Movies TV Comics Puzzles Horoscopes Games Lottery Photo Sponsored Articles Clint Eastwood tells Cannes he might act again some day The Latest: 2 future British kings attend Pippa's wedding Hugh Jackman's secret? He didn't know wolverines are real Fox Sports will use drivers to call NASCR Xfinity race cat5 Sports High School Lamar The NFL College Football Outdoors The Huddle In the Cards Baseball Golf Basketball Houston Astros Houston Rockets Houston Texans Other sports Postseason tournament forces quick travel plans for Lamar PN-G shuts out Barbers Hill, forces third game Lamar to face Cal Poly after winning NISC regional Bridge City run rules Silsbee in first game of series Business Technology Texas Business Nation & World Fuel Fix Business Directory Sponsored Content Beaumont Rice Mills turns 125 Port Neches animal groomer takes her work on the road Downtown library to re-open Tuesday JC Penney stores in SETX spared for now Obits Opinion Editorials Letters Submit a Letter Columns Cartoons 'Toon Time 5-20-17 'Toon Time 5-19-17 'Toon Time 5-18-17 'Toon Time 5-17-17 Cars Jobs Latest Local Job Videos Compare your salary Homes SETX Real Estate It's a seller's market... if you can find a place to move The most expensive Lumberton homes on the market $5 million French-style Kirbyville home for sale Century-old downtown Orange building for sale offers eclectic, MenuSections http://www.businessinsider.com/inside-facebooks-telecom-infrastructure-project-2017-5?utm_source=hearst&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=allverticals Inside Facebook's plan to eat another $350 billion IT market (FB) Julie Bort, provided by Published 7:30 am, Sunday, May 21, 2017 On an ordinary work day in mid-2016, a handful of Facebook engineers were sitting on the couches in a corner of the company's Menlo Park, California, headquarters when one of them tossed out a wacky idea. He suggested doing something that had never been done before and could potentially upend the $350 billion telecom market. "It can't be so difficult to build our own system," the engineer said, referring to the telecom equipment that sends data across cables and wireless networks, and which the engineer suspected could be made to operate faster and cheaper than the pricey equipment sold by big vendors like Nortel, Huawei, Ericsson, Cisco or Juniper Networks. The engineer was suggesting building the telecom industry's first "white box" transponder, made with off-the-shelf parts such as chips from Broadcom and Acacia Communications, optical equipment from Lumentum, and software from one of the many new networking startups cropping up these days. Facebook's director of engineering Hans-Juergen Schmidtke, who was among those on the couch that day, was at first a naysayer. "I was a little bit skeptical about it at the time," he recounted to Business Insider. As a former engineer at Juniper Networks, Schmidtke knew from experience that building telecom equipment systems was an expensive undertaking that involved hiring teams of specially trained engineers and sizeable R&D budgets.  "Building a system ten years ago was like building a new company," Schmidtke said.  Still, Schmidtke agreed to help this tiny group hack together a white box system at one of Facebook's famous hackathons. Three months later they had a working prototype. Six months later, on November 1, they announced it to the world as a real product called Voyager.  The product’s unveiling sent shockwaves through the telecom industry, putting gear makers on notice that the lucrative market they controlled for decades was about to get turned upside down — and not necessarily to their advantage. While the effort is essentially a side-project for Facebook, a social networking company whose bread-and-butter business is online advertising, the stakes could not be higher for the telecom equipment companies which risk seeing their specialized products reduced to interchangeable commodities and their influence diminished.  For the industry’s established companies, there’s unease about Facebook’s growing clout and its ultimate intentions. But in a sign of how serious Facebook’s foray is being taken, there’s already a recognition by some that the repercussions could be even more painful it they don’t adapt. Voyager has already been tested by Facebook and European telecom company Telia over Telia’s thousand-kilometer-telecom network. Plus, German telecom equipment maker ADVA Optical Networking is manufacturing the device and, as of a few weeks ago had nine customers trying it out for their telecom needs, a mix of big telecom companies and enterprises, it said. And Paris based telecom provider, Orange is also testing the device, working with Equinix and African telecom company MTN. "We pulled it off essentially showing that when a few engineers can build a system within six months, the world has changed," Schmidtke said. One person told us that Schmidtke, who is insanely proud of Voyager, has become a star in his own corner of the tech world. When he and his team "go to conferences, they treat him like a tech celebrity, like a rock band," that person said. From one cult to another Voyager was the first product, and a major proving point, for Facebook's young Telecom Infrastructure Project (TIP), a consortium led by Facebook and launched at the industry's worldwide gathering, Mobile World Congress, on February 21, 2016. FacebookTIP is a spin-off from a similar organization Facebook launched a few years ago called the Open Compute Project (OCP). Facebook launched OCP and TIP because it had to take control over the technology it uses to support over 1.8 billion people uploading billions of photos, videos and updates every day. It has been designing its own IT equipment for years, things like computer servers, hard drives/storage systems and data center networks. Its versions were cheaper to build and easier to maintain than standard gear made by companies like Dell, HP, EMC and Cisco, it says.  Lots of big internet companies build their own tech, including Amazon and Google. But Facebook is unusual in that it openly shares all the designs, literally gives them all away for free, inviting anyone at any other company to come work on them, with contract manufacturers standing by to sell it all. It's a concept called open source hardware. In this way, Facebook gets lots of help in maintaining and advancing its infrastructure. And the rest of the world gets access to tech designed to work in the most demanding circumstances, like at a huge internet company. OCP has radically changed the data center tech industry and those involved say it has created a cult-like following. For instance, when secretive Apple refused to join OCP to let its IT engineers collaborate with others, it's crew of network engineers quit their jobs. They turned around and launched a startup called SnapRoute and built network software for the OCP community, the story goes. Apple later joined OCP. SnapRoute wound up being the software chosen for Voyager. OCP created so much competetion for hardware vendors like Hewlett Packard and Dell that they opted to join the organization and embrace the white box concept. The alternative was to be squeezed out of selling their products to companies with the biggest and fastest-growing data centers in the world, not just Facebook, but Microsoft, Goldman Sachs and dozens of others. There was just one major area that had been somewhat left out of OCP's free and open source hardware revolution, the telecommunications part. That's the equipment that connects homes, businesses and data centers together across long distances, via undersea cables, wireless networks, and so on. FacebookAnd the big telecom companies, those that spend millions of dollars a year on this gear, wanted in. They needed an OCP of their own, Facebook discovered when it launched its Internet.org, CEO Mark Zuckerberg's project to bring internet to underdeveloped countries. "As we were thinking about Internet.org and helping get more people connected, the idea was, we're doing this thing called OCP to help the data center community to build infrastructure that's more efficient, more cost effective, that's greener and more sustainable, more flexible. And we said, can we do that for the telco industry?" said Facebook's VP of engineering Jay Parikh. "Facebook, having learned from OCP, comes in and says, we can play maybe a catalyzing function," Parikh said, describing early meetings he and his crew had at Mobile World Congress. "We're investing our people and our dollars into technology that is going to solve these problems and we're going to contribute that technology, that IP [intellectual property] into the ecosystem so that you all can benefit from this." Voyager is one big example. "That's something we developed and it's like, wow, we actually solved a problem that a bunch of operators seem to be struggling with," he said. Signing on huge partners South Korea Telecom's CTO Alex Choi agrees that telecom operators like SKT want faster, cheaper and more open equipment and were inspired by Facebook to take it into their own hands. Mobile World Live"The idea all started from Facebook. Mark Zuckerberg was always addressing the importance of connecting the unconnected," Choi said.  In 2015 and 2016, Zuckerberg came to the MWC conference, gave keynote speeches and hung out with top telecom executives. He wanted to know what was keeping those people off the internet. He discovered that bringing telecom services to far-out parts of the world "was too expensive," for telecom operators, Choi recalls. Facebook wanted to help bring the costs down. But developed nations in Europe, Asia and the Americas had the same problem. People are buying more devices, using more video. And with the Internet of Things, millions more objects are joining the internet daily, communicating over telecom networks. "There's a huge growing traffic demand. That means we have to install more base stations, find more sites, invest more in the fiber and the backbone and supporting IT infrastructure," Choi said. But telcos can't charge more to cover the costs. People are are pushing them to charge less, for unlimited data plans. David Ramos/Getty ImagesWhile Zuck didn't do the actual recruiting to get TIP off the ground, he "inspired people" Choi said. When Facebook executives approached him about forming the new organization, (including Aaron Bernstein, responsible for partnerships with mobile providers, and Jason Taylor, Facebook's vice resident of infrastructure who leads OCP), Choi liked the idea so much, he became the chairman of the TIP organization. It felt revolutionary. OCP has invented lots of cool new hardware for the data center and telecom operators had never banded together to build their own gear, he said. "Operators rely too much on the big telco incumbent vendors. We kept pushing the vendors to do more innovations, to do something to bring down their premium price tag. They are making efforts and making progress but not as fast as we want them to be. So what can you do? You explore other opportunities," he said. Deutsche Telekom's Axel Clauberg was in a similar boat. He first got in touch with Facebook in 2015 about participating with OCP's networking efforts. There had been a push for more telcos to join OCP at that time because Facebook has been helping usher in a new way to build computer networks. It takes all the fancy, complex features out of the hardware and put them into software. In the corporate network world this push is called software-defined networking (SDN). But it's happening in the telecom service provider world, too, where its called Network Function Virtualization or NFV. Facebook didn't invent SDN or NFV, but in the slow and conservative world of network engineering, OCP and TIP are radically pushing these concepts forward. OCP is proving the technology works even for a huge demanding internet site like Facebook or for a giant telecom network like AT&T. "We are facing exponential traffic growth," explains DT's Clauberg. "We needed to do something." And there's one more issue going on besides tight budgets and huge growth, he said: the war for talent. Decades ago, hardware and communications engineers went to the telcos to build amazing new things, like mobile networks. Then they went to the tech companies like Cisco to build the tech that created the internet. Today, they are going directly to the internet companies like Google and Facebook and creating new hardware so they don't have to rely on the vendors, he said. TIP gives them a way to access the smartest minds, without having to poach them. "When [engineers] come out of the universities, which companies are they looking at? In old days, it was the telcos, then it was the suppliers, now it's the internet companies. The funny thing is with OCP, you have all these parties working together. I envision achieving the same [with TIP]. So having players from internet companies, from startups and established vendors, and the telcos, working together on what the infrastructure of the future should look like." DT's Clauberg joined TIP as a founding board member, alongside SKT's Choi. This was a powerful first step. SDK and DT are two of the most advanced telcos in the world, role models for many others. Facebook also convinced Intel's Caroline Chan to join TIP, which was an easy sell. Intel is also a founding member of OCP. And TIP was off and running. But there was one surprise founding member of TIP: Nokia's Laurent Le Gourrierec. The brave choice of Nokia Telecom devices that can be put together with standard parts and software are deeply threatening to the multibillion telecom equipment market dominated by companies like Huawei Technologies, Ericsson, Cisco, ZTE, and Nokia. YouTube/GEN15And Voyager isn't the only product. TIP's OpenCellular project is working on an open source 4G LTE/LTE base station, the hardware and the software.    As SKT's Choi describes it, TIP wants to "democratize" the technology, making it easier for anyone to build, use, or modify. That means taking it out of the hands of the equipment providers who create proprietary radios and base stations today. TIP's impact won't happen overnight, explains analyst Rohit Mehra, vice president of IDC's Network Infrastructure practice. But the goal is clear: to overhaul the telecom equipment industry which he says is about a $350 billion market today, when factoring in software, hardware and services. "This is not the first time Facebook has done this. They've been somewhat successful with what they call OCP," Mehra says. "The Telecom Infrastructure Project is disruptive not just to telecom equipment makers but in some cases the telecom service providers. Though in some cases it helps the service providers because it intends to give them more cost-effective infrastructure." So TIP is, in some ways, threatening Nokia's main telecom business. But Nokia is a close partner of Facebook and the one telecom equipment vendor embracing TIP as a founding member and board member. Nokia's Laurent Le Gourrierec explains why, via an adaptation of Abraham Lincoln's famous quote. "The best way to predict the future is to invent it," he tells Business Insider. "You have all these equipment makers saying, 'The world is changing so let's try to hold on to what we know.' But the thing is that the world is changing anyway, so it's much better to take an active role in shaping the future." If all goes well, TIP and Facebook will actually help create new customers using new telecom services, those people in undeveloped nations that never had telecom or internet, Le Gourrierec believes. "So it's best to participate in the definition of new partnerships, new services in partnership with the existing actors in addition to the new ones," Le Gourrierec said. From spies to community members When Facebook created Voyager, Nokia didn't shake in fear. Engineers there thought, "Maybe we can learn something for this," Le Gourrierec said. But there are other equipment makers who are, technically, part of TIP too. Currently the organization boasts over 100 members from all facets of the industry.  But Choi, Clauberg and Le Gourrierec said that many of them have only been nervously watching the group so far. Nokia"They are not actively contributing," Le Gourrierec said. Obviously, the kumbaya concept of open source doesn't work well like that. Everyone has to contribute their ideas for a community to blossom. One way that TIP is encouraging them to jump in is a different approach to sharing intellectual property. Participants don't have to share all their closely held, lucrative ideas and secrets for free like they do with OCP, or with other open source organizations, like Linux. Each working group in TIP can instead decide to use an older, more established method for sharing, known as Reasonable And Non-Discriminatory Terms (RAND). RAND allows vendors to be paid tiny fees by everyone who uses their intellectual property as long as those fees are reasonable and the tech is made available to everyone without bias. The company can't, for instance, jack up the price to its competitors.  The TIP board members are also encouraging participation by telling members that TIP will lead to plenty of other new commercial opportunities, too, even if TIP successfully turns the hardware into low-cost generic white boxes. Teleco providers can instead develop new software that can be bought via lucrative subscriptions, similar to the software startups that have sprouted up around OCP. In fact, Nokia is already experimenting with a high-performance software product able to run on low cost, ordinary computer network hardware. It's geared toward businesses, not service providers, but it's a start, Le Gourrierec tells us. TIP is also encouraging engineers and companies to join by creating a "culture" working group that helps teach telecom engineers how to "work fast and break things" as the internet world does.  "One of things we learned in the last 1.5 years in working on TIP is people saying, 'How do you help me transform my culture and my team so that we can move faster?'" Facebook's Parikh said.  Telecom is a world that traditionally frowned on that. Working fast and breaking things could take down the network and get you fired.  The culture group has become a popular entry point for engineers wanting to check out TIP. They then bring these ideas back to their jobs. It helps some engineers become more open minded about sharing. For others, like Le Gourrierec, it inspires "a new sense of urgency," in his work at Nokia, he describes. Afraid of Facebook  We only heard one major criticism regularly lobbed at TIP: that Facebook is becoming extremely powerful. Maybe too powerful. After Facebook launched Voyager, Facebook dominated the gossip at the last Mobile World Congress, sources told us. FacebookThere's good reason to worry. Facebook is making equipment with TIP and OCP, it's got state-of-the-art data centers, it has a roster of talented engineers and it's also laying its own telecom cable, including a new record-breaking fast subsea cable installed with Nokia between New York and Ireland. It could snap its fingers and become a powerful telecom and cloud operator tomorrow, some people fear (and others predict) like Amazon did with Amazon Web Services or Google did with Google Cloud and Google Fiber. But Parikh said that Facebook has zero interest in doing that. "We aren’t operating any networks ourselves. We are trying to help the telcos solve this," he said. The idea is to "share" lessons and technology to "always benefits" the whole community. SKT's Choi just shrugs off the idea that Facebook is a threat, saying telecom operators have more to gain than to lose. "I can understand the concern. It's very much natural, because operators are always being disrupted," he said, especially by large American internet companies "like Amazon, Google, and Facebook." Facebook TIP"But in the long run, I strongly believe in mutual benefits," he said. He notes that because Amazon helped create cloud computing, there are brand new billion-dollar markets and "everyone benefits. I think the same thing will happen in the teleco sectors." Not everyone is convinced that TIP will succeed. IDC's Mehra cautions that it's a huge undertaking and the two biggest telecom equipment vendors, Ericsson and Huawei, have remained cool toward the project, for obvious reasons, he says. "TIP may see progress over the years. But the challenges are higher. They are working on four to five different domains of telecom infrastructure, each with its own set of technologies and own set of tech providers," Mehra says. All the board members of TIP admit the project is in its early days and could fail. It could fail to attract a community. It could fail to produce products the world wants to use.  But they believe it will succeed. "Today most telecos remain as the status quo but all the telcos leadership, if you ask them, they want transformation. They want changes. They want innovation. They have to overcome it by collaborating with Facebook and others," he said. "Again, witness all the innovations that have already happened in the cloud industry. We want to apply all those innovations to the telco industry, which will make operators happier and customer happier and for everyone, a win/win."  Join the conversation about this story » NOW WATCH: Here's what popular dog breeds looked like before and after 100 years of breeding See Also: White House officials say Trump is 'undisciplined' and 'self-destructive' US Air Force fighter jets escorted an American Airlines plane into Hawaii after a passenger disturbance Google will let you search LinkedIn, Monster, Facebook, and more job sites all at once SEE ALSO: AT&T just completed a first-of-its-kind test — and Cisco should be terrified SEE ALSO: This guy took a Facebook project people hated, made them love it ... and catapulted into an incredible career Top Stories Mugshots: Guns, drugs seized in Port Neches Hearse stolen from McDonald's, body dumped in ditch Clock Boy's case implodes in court Ex-West Orange-Stark coach will now serve time Feds search Harbor Health, agents confiscate boxes Sour Lake driver indicted on intoxication manslaughter 14-year-old could face life as sex offender for sex with... Texas mother warns of choking dangers with spinners Local News Photos: AMSET hosts family art day Photos: Colorful Corvettes on display at car show Beaumont siblings killed in car crash Newton High principal resigns after administrative leave Part of US 69 between MLK, Highland to close two nights Guns and drugs seized in Port Neches Latest News Videos View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Subscriber Services Advertising Careers Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact FAQ Contact Us eEdition Connect Facebook Twitter Google Instagram Hearst Newspapers © Hearst Newspapers, II LLC
The Times of Israel Israel & the Region Jewish Times Israel Inside The Blogs Start-Up Israel Partners Atlanta:Atlanta Jewish Times New Jersey:The Jewish Standard New York:The Jewish Week United Kingdom:The Jewish News For Publishers:Become a Times of Israel partner Daily Edition Spotlight s   English العربية Français 中文 فارسی Monday, May 22, 2017 Iyyar 26, 5777 9:45 am IDT About Us About the site Contact us Advertise with us Advertise with us Partner Links: Learn Hebrew Judaica Web Store Thrifty Car Rental Make Aliyah Israel Car Rental Help Fight BDS! Start-Up Israel All the news and views from Silicon Wadi Read the Start-Up Daily Follow @timesofisrael Home  > Start-Up Israel Mobileye unveils new Jerusalem office campus Mobileye expects to increase workforce to 4,000 people once premises in Har Hotzvim tech park are built By Shoshanna Solomon May 21, 2017, 5:46 pm Tweet Email Print Share An illustration of the outside of the planned Mobileye office campus (Courtesy: Moshe Tzur Architects & Town Planners Ltd.) Newsroom Email the Newsroom Facebook Twitter Related Topics Mobileye Intel Corp. self-driving cars Related Stories Ashdod aims to be living lab for smart transport tech Cabinet said set to approve Western Wall elevator for disabled persons Israel’s Mobileye has unveiled plans for its new Jerusalem office campus, which will include a 25-floor tower and eight smaller buildings that will spread out over 50,000 square meters (538,000 square feet) in the Har Hotzvim High-Tech Park. Once the campus is built the Jerusalem-based developer of advanced vision and driver assistance systems said it expects to increase its workforce to 4,000 people. Earlier this year Intel Corp. said it would acquire Mobileye for $15.3 billion, and Mobileye would become the US giant’s hub for developing autonomous vehicle technologies. The Israeli company employed some 660 workers when the deal was announced in March. The new campus, designed by Israeli architects Moshe Tzur Architects & Town Planners Ltd., was unveiled as Israel is set to celebrate this week the fiftieth anniversary of the unification of the eastern and western halves of Jerusalem following the 1967 Six Day War. An illustration of the interior of the planned Mobileye office campus (Courtesy: Moshe Tzur Architects & Town Planners Ltd.) “There is no better week than this, in which we mark 50 years of the unification of Jerusalem, to expand the activities of Mobileye in the city,” said Mobileye’s CEO Ziv Aviram in a statement. “As part of its expansion, Mobileye will create thousands of jobs and will take a central part in the advancement of employment and development of the Israeli economy.” Like us on Facebook Get our newsletter Follow us on Twitter Tweet Read more on:  Mobileye,  Intel Corp.,  self-driving cars,  self-driving vehicles,  Jerusalem,  Har Hotzvim More in Start-Up Israel Ashdod aims to be living lab for smart transport tech Comments on this article Report inappropriate comments Start-Up Israel Current top stories Ashdod aims to be living lab for smart transport tech By Shoshanna Solomon   Israel Aerospace gets $630m missile defense deal for Indian Navy By Shoshanna Solomon   ‘The strength of weak ties’: Israel, Iran, Syria business scholars join forces By Shoshanna Solomon   Israel Innovation Authority eases rules on tech firms By Shoshanna Solomon   How Israeli startups are driving the car technology revolution By Andrew Tobin   Start-Up Israel Blogs May 21, 2017, 3:58 pm Be a Social Catalyst – Practicing Israel and International Law in the 4th Sector College of Law and Business’ LLB for English Speakers – Do Good AND Make a Living ... Shlomo Lifshitz May 18, 2017, 4:32 pm Escaping the Busy Trap We have a problem.  With tech being what it is today, we think we should have a...... Jacob Rupp May 18, 2017, 5:33 am Should Uber be Legal in Israel? While Israeli ridesharing companies like Juno and Via are prospering in New York City, those same services...... Zev Newman May 15, 2017, 10:50 pm Beware, Jew and Israel Haters, of the Boomerang Effect THE INITIAL HARM DONE TO THE JEWS, AND NOW TO ISRAEL, REVERBERATES 1000-FOLD ON ITS ENEMIES OF...... Albert Russo May 15, 2017, 2:35 pm Autonomous vehicles’ political capital for Israel While Intel’s $15.3 billion acquisition of the Israeli auto-technology company Mobileye has understandably turned heads, it...... Eric Danko May 15, 2017, 11:35 am Why Building A Location-Independent Business Is the Most Practical Move For Millennials Within the online entrepreneurial community, there are various hot topics that make their way in and out...... Lena Elkins See all Start-Up Israel blogs Start a blog The Times of Israel Start-Up Israel Free to Your Inbox The email is either missing or invalid Almost finished... We need to confirm your email address first. To complete the subscription process, please click the link in the email we just sent you. By signing up, you agree to our terms You hereby accept The Times of Israel Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, and you agree to receive the latest news & offers from The Times of Israel and its partners or ad sponsors. Currency Rates   ILS USD EUR GBP CAD 1 ILS = 1.000 0.278 0.250 0.214 0.378 1 USD = 3.593 1.000 0.898 0.770 1.359 1 EUR = 4.002 1.114 1.000 0.858 1.514 1 GBP = 4.664 1.298 1.165 1.000 1.764 1 CAD = 2.644 0.736 0.661 0.567 1.000 Bank of Israel exchange rates for Friday, May 19, 2017 Back to Top The Times of Israel Home Israel & the Region Jewish Times Israel Inside The Blogs The Jewish Planet Start-Up Israel Daily Edition Spotlight Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Newsletter Facebook Twitter RSS © 2017 The Times of Israel, All rights reserved. Concept, design & development by RGB Media Powered by Salamandra
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 29 mins S&P 500 2,381.73 +16.01 (+0.68%) Dow 30 20,804.84 +141.82 (+0.69%) Nasdaq 6,083.70 +28.57 (+0.47%) Inside Facebook's plan to eat another $350 billion IT market Julie Bort Business Insider May 21, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share View photos mark zuckerbergMore (Facebook CEO Mark ZuckerbergSteve Jennings/Getty) On an ordinary work day in mid-2016, a handful of Facebook engineers were sitting on the couches in a corner of the company's Menlo Park, California, headquarters when one of them tossed out a wacky idea. He suggested doing something that had never been done before and could potentially upend the $350 billion telecom market. "It can't be so difficult to build our own system," the engineer said, referring to the telecom equipment that sends data across cables and wireless networks, and which the engineer suspected could be made to operate faster and cheaper than the pricey equipment sold by big vendors like Nortel, Huawei, Ericsson, Cisco or Juniper Networks. The engineer was suggesting building the telecom industry's first "white box" transponder, made with off-the-shelf parts such as chips from Broadcom and Acacia Communications, optical equipment from Lumentum, and software from one of the many new networking startups cropping up these days. Facebook's director of engineering Hans-Juergen Schmidtke, who was among those on the couch that day, was at first a naysayer. "I was a little bit skeptical about it at the time," he recounted to Business Insider. As a former engineer at Juniper Networks, Schmidtke knew from experience that building telecom equipment systems was an expensive undertaking that involved hiring teams of specially trained engineers and sizeable R&D budgets.  "Building a system ten years ago was like building a new company," Schmidtke said.  Still, Schmidtke agreed to help this tiny group hack together a white box system at one of Facebook's famous hackathons. Three months later they had a working prototype. Six months later, on November 1, they announced it to the world as a real product called Voyager.  The product’s unveiling sent shockwaves through the telecom industry, putting gear makers on notice that the lucrative market they controlled for decades was about to get turned upside down — and not necessarily to their advantage. While the effort is essentially a side-project for Facebook, a social networking company whose bread-and-butter business is online advertising, the stakes could not be higher for the telecom equipment companies which risk seeing their specialized products reduced to interchangeable commodities and their influence diminished.  For the industry’s established companies, there’s unease about Facebook’s growing clout and its ultimate intentions. But in a sign of how serious Facebook’s foray is being taken, there’s already a recognition by some that the repercussions could be even more painful it they don’t adapt. Voyager has already been tested by Facebook and European telecom company Telia over Telia’s thousand-kilometer-telecom network. Plus, German telecom equipment maker ADVA Optical Networking is manufacturing the device and, as of a few weeks ago had nine customers trying it out for their telecom needs, a mix of big telecom companies and enterprises, it said. And Paris based telecom provider, Orange is also testing the device, working with Equinix and African telecom company MTN. "We pulled it off essentially showing that when a few engineers can build a system within six months, the world has changed," Schmidtke said. One person told us that Schmidtke, who is insanely proud of Voyager, has become a star in his own corner of the tech world. When he and his team "go to conferences, they treat him like a tech celebrity, like a rock band," that person said. From one cult to another Voyager was the first product, and a major proving point, for Facebook's young Telecom Infrastructure Project (TIP), a consortium led by Facebook and launched at the industry's worldwide gathering, Mobile World Congress, on February 21, 2016. Read More View photos Facebook Hans Juergen SchmidtkeMore (Hans Juergen SchmidtkeFacebook) TIP is a spin-off from a similar organization Facebook launched a few years ago called the Open Compute Project (OCP). Facebook launched OCP and TIP because it had to take control over the technology it uses to support over 1.8 billion people uploading billions of photos, videos and updates every day. It has been designing its own IT equipment for years, things like computer servers, hard drives/storage systems and data center networks. Its versions were cheaper to build and easier to maintain than standard gear made by companies like Dell, HP, EMC and Cisco, it says.  Lots of big internet companies build their own tech, including Amazon and Google. But Facebook is unusual in that it openly shares all the designs, literally gives them all away for free, inviting anyone at any other company to come work on them, with contract manufacturers standing by to sell it all. It's a concept called open source hardware. In this way, Facebook gets lots of help in maintaining and advancing its infrastructure. And the rest of the world gets access to tech designed to work in the most demanding circumstances, like at a huge internet company. OCP has radically changed the data center tech industry and those involved say it has created a cult-like following. For instance, when secretive Apple refused to join OCP to let its IT engineers collaborate with others, it's crew of network engineers quit their jobs. They turned around and launched a startup called SnapRoute and built network software for the OCP community, the story goes. Apple later joined OCP. SnapRoute wound up being the software chosen for Voyager. OCP created so much competetion for hardware vendors like Hewlett Packard and Dell that they opted to join the organization and embrace the white box concept. The alternative was to be squeezed out of selling their products to companies with the biggest and fastest-growing data centers in the world, not just Facebook, but Microsoft, Goldman Sachs and dozens of others. There was just one major area that had been somewhat left out of OCP's free and open source hardware revolution, the telecommunications part. That's the equipment that connects homes, businesses and data centers together across long distances, via undersea cables, wireless networks, and so on. View photos Facebook Jay ParikhMore (Jay ParikhFacebook) And the big telecom companies, those that spend millions of dollars a year on this gear, wanted in. They needed an OCP of their own, Facebook discovered when it launched its Internet.org, CEO Mark Zuckerberg's project to bring internet to underdeveloped countries. "As we were thinking about Internet.org and helping get more people connected, the idea was, we're doing this thing called OCP to help the data center community to build infrastructure that's more efficient, more cost effective, that's greener and more sustainable, more flexible. And we said, can we do that for the telco industry?" said Facebook's VP of engineering Jay Parikh. "Facebook, having learned from OCP, comes in and says, we can play maybe a catalyzing function," Parikh said, describing early meetings he and his crew had at Mobile World Congress. "We're investing our people and our dollars into technology that is going to solve these problems and we're going to contribute that technology, that IP [intellectual property] into the ecosystem so that you all can benefit from this." Voyager is one big example. "That's something we developed and it's like, wow, we actually solved a problem that a bunch of operators seem to be struggling with," he said. Signing on huge partners South Korea Telecom's CTO Alex Choi agrees that telecom operators like SKT want faster, cheaper and more open equipment and were inspired by Facebook to take it into their own hands. View photos SKT Dr. Alex ChoiMore (Dr. Alex Choi, CTO, Executive Vice President and head of South Korea Telecom's corporate R"The idea all started from Facebook. Mark Zuckerberg was always addressing the importance of connecting the unconnected," Choi said.  In 2015 and 2016, Zuckerberg came to the MWC conference, gave keynote speeches and hung out with top telecom executives. He wanted to know what was keeping those people off the internet. He discovered that bringing telecom services to far-out parts of the world "was too expensive," for telecom operators, Choi recalls. Facebook wanted to help bring the costs down. But developed nations in Europe, Asia and the Americas had the same problem. People are buying more devices, using more video. And with the Internet of Things, millions more objects are joining the internet daily, communicating over telecom networks. "There's a huge growing traffic demand. That means we have to install more base stations, find more sites, invest more in the fiber and the backbone and supporting IT infrastructure," Choi said. But telcos can't charge more to cover the costs. People are are pushing them to charge less, for unlimited data plans. View photos mark zuckerberg mobile world congressMore (BARCELONA, SPAIN - MARCH 02: Founder and CEO of Facebook Mark Zuckerberg walks onto the stage prior to his keynote conference during the first day of the Mobile World Congress 2015 at the Fira Gran Via complex on March 2, 2015 in Barcelona, Spain.David Ramos/Getty Images) While Zuck didn't do the actual recruiting to get TIP off the ground, he "inspired people" Choi said. When Facebook executives approached him about forming the new organization, (including Aaron Bernstein, responsible for partnerships with mobile providers, and Jason Taylor, Facebook's vice resident of infrastructure who leads OCP), Choi liked the idea so much, he became the chairman of the TIP organization. It felt revolutionary. OCP has invented lots of cool new hardware for the data center and telecom operators had never banded together to build their own gear, he said. "Operators rely too much on the big telco incumbent vendors. We kept pushing the vendors to do more innovations, to do something to bring down their premium price tag. They are making efforts and making progress but not as fast as we want them to be. So what can you do? You explore other opportunities," he said. Deutsche Telekom's Axel Clauberg was in a similar boat. He first got in touch with Facebook in 2015 about participating with OCP's networking efforts. There had been a push for more telcos to join OCP at that time because Facebook has been helping usher in a new way to build computer networks. It takes all the fancy, complex features out of the hardware and put them into software. In the corporate network world this push is called software-defined networking (SDN). But it's happening in the telecom service provider world, too, where its called Network Function Virtualization or NFV. Facebook didn't invent SDN or NFV, but in the slow and conservative world of network engineering, OCP and TIP are radically pushing these concepts forward. OCP is proving the technology works even for a huge demanding internet site like Facebook or for a giant telecom network like AT&T. "We are facing exponential traffic growth," explains DT's Clauberg. "We needed to do something." And there's one more issue going on besides tight budgets and huge growth, he said: the war for talent. Decades ago, hardware and communications engineers went to the telcos to build amazing new things, like mobile networks. Then they went to the tech companies like Cisco to build the tech that created the internet. Today, they are going directly to the internet companies like Google and Facebook and creating new hardware so they don't have to rely on the vendors, he said. TIP gives them a way to access the smartest minds, without having to poach them. "When [engineers] come out of the universities, which companies are they looking at? In old days, it was the telcos, then it was the suppliers, now it's the internet companies. The funny thing is with OCP, you have all these parties working together. I envision achieving the same [with TIP]. So having players from internet companies, from startups and established vendors, and the telcos, working together on what the infrastructure of the future should look like." DT's Clauberg joined TIP as a founding board member, alongside SKT's Choi. This was a powerful first step. SDK and DT are two of the most advanced telcos in the world, role models for many others. Facebook also convinced Intel's Caroline Chan to join TIP, which was an easy sell. Intel is also a founding member of OCP. And TIP was off and running. But there was one surprise founding member of TIP: Nokia's Laurent Le Gourrierec. The brave choice of Nokia Telecom devices that can be put together with standard parts and software are deeply threatening to the multibillion telecom equipment market dominated by companies like Huawei Technologies, Ericsson, Cisco, ZTE, and Nokia. View photos Deutsche Telekom Axel ClaubergMore (Vice President and CTO at Deutsche Telekom AG Axel ClaubergYouTube/GEN15) And Voyager isn't the only product. TIP's OpenCellular project is working on an open source 4G LTE/LTE base station, the hardware and the software.    As SKT's Choi describes it, TIP wants to "democratize" the technology, making it easier for anyone to build, use, or modify. That means taking it out of the hands of the equipment providers who create proprietary radios and base stations today. TIP's impact won't happen overnight, explains analyst Rohit Mehra, vice president of IDC's Network Infrastructure practice. But the goal is clear: to overhaul the telecom equipment industry which he says is about a $350 billion market today, when factoring in software, hardware and services. "This is not the first time Facebook has done this. They've been somewhat successful with what they call OCP," Mehra says. "The Telecom Infrastructure Project is disruptive not just to telecom equipment makers but in some cases the telecom service providers. Though in some cases it helps the service providers because it intends to give them more cost-effective infrastructure." So TIP is, in some ways, threatening Nokia's main telecom business. But Nokia is a close partner of Facebook and the one telecom equipment vendor embracing TIP as a founding member and board member. Nokia's Laurent Le Gourrierec explains why, via an adaptation of Abraham Lincoln's famous quote. "The best way to predict the future is to invent it," he tells Business Insider. "You have all these equipment makers saying, 'The world is changing so let's try to hold on to what we know.' But the thing is that the world is changing anyway, so it's much better to take an active role in shaping the future." If all goes well, TIP and Facebook will actually help create new customers using new telecom services, those people in undeveloped nations that never had telecom or internet, Le Gourrierec believes. "So it's best to participate in the definition of new partnerships, new services in partnership with the existing actors in addition to the new ones," Le Gourrierec said. From spies to community members When Facebook created Voyager, Nokia didn't shake in fear. Engineers there thought, "Maybe we can learn something for this," Le Gourrierec said. But there are other equipment makers who are, technically, part of TIP too. Currently the organization boasts over 100 members from all facets of the industry.  But Choi, Clauberg and Le Gourrierec said that many of them have only been nervously watching the group so far. View photos Laurent Le GourrierecMore (Laurent Le Gourrierec, VP Strategic Partnerships at NokiaNokia) "They are not actively contributing," Le Gourrierec said. Obviously, the kumbaya concept of open source doesn't work well like that. Everyone has to contribute their ideas for a community to blossom. One way that TIP is encouraging them to jump in is a different approach to sharing intellectual property. Participants don't have to share all their closely held, lucrative ideas and secrets for free like they do with OCP, or with other open source organizations, like Linux. Each working group in TIP can instead decide to use an older, more established method for sharing, known as Reasonable And Non-Discriminatory Terms (RAND). RAND allows vendors to be paid tiny fees by everyone who uses their intellectual property as long as those fees are reasonable and the tech is made available to everyone without bias. The company can't, for instance, jack up the price to its competitors.  The TIP board members are also encouraging participation by telling members that TIP will lead to plenty of other new commercial opportunities, too, even if TIP successfully turns the hardware into low-cost generic white boxes. Teleco providers can instead develop new software that can be bought via lucrative subscriptions, similar to the software startups that have sprouted up around OCP. In fact, Nokia is already experimenting with a high-performance software product able to run on low cost, ordinary computer network hardware. It's geared toward businesses, not service providers, but it's a start, Le Gourrierec tells us. TIP is also encouraging engineers and companies to join by creating a "culture" working group that helps teach telecom engineers how to "work fast and break things" as the internet world does.  "One of things we learned in the last 1.5 years in working on TIP is people saying, 'How do you help me transform my culture and my team so that we can move faster?'" Facebook's Parikh said.  Telecom is a world that traditionally frowned on that. Working fast and breaking things could take down the network and get you fired.  The culture group has become a popular entry point for engineers wanting to check out TIP. They then bring these ideas back to their jobs. It helps some engineers become more open minded about sharing. For others, like Le Gourrierec, it inspires "a new sense of urgency," in his work at Nokia, he describes. Afraid of Facebook  We only heard one major criticism regularly lobbed at TIP: that Facebook is becoming extremely powerful. Maybe too powerful. After Facebook launched Voyager, Facebook dominated the gossip at the last Mobile World Congress, sources told us. View photos Facebook Voyager optical network deviceMore (Facebook Voyager optical network deviceFacebook) There's good reason to worry. Facebook is making equipment with TIP and OCP, it's got state-of-the-art data centers, it has a roster of talented engineers and it's also laying its own telecom cable, including a new record-breaking fast subsea cable installed with Nokia between New York and Ireland. It could snap its fingers and become a powerful telecom and cloud operator tomorrow, some people fear (and others predict) like Amazon did with Amazon Web Services or Google did with Google Cloud and Google Fiber. But Parikh said that Facebook has zero interest in doing that. "We aren’t operating any networks ourselves. We are trying to help the telcos solve this," he said. The idea is to "share" lessons and technology to "always benefits" the whole community. SKT's Choi just shrugs off the idea that Facebook is a threat, saying telecom operators have more to gain than to lose. "I can understand the concern. It's very much natural, because operators are always being disrupted," he said, especially by large American internet companies "like Amazon, Google, and Facebook." View photos Facebook OpenCellular access pointMore (Facebook's OpenCellular access pointFacebook TIP) "But in the long run, I strongly believe in mutual benefits," he said. He notes that because Amazon helped create cloud computing, there are brand new billion-dollar markets and "everyone benefits. I think the same thing will happen in the teleco sectors." Not everyone is convinced that TIP will succeed. IDC's Mehra cautions that it's a huge undertaking and the two biggest telecom equipment vendors, Ericsson and Huawei, have remained cool toward the project, for obvious reasons, he says. "TIP may see progress over the years. But the challenges are higher. They are working on four to five different domains of telecom infrastructure, each with its own set of technologies and own set of tech providers," Mehra says. All the board members of TIP admit the project is in its early days and could fail. It could fail to attract a community. It could fail to produce products the world wants to use.  But they believe it will succeed. "Today most telecos remain as the status quo but all the telcos leadership, if you ask them, they want transformation. They want changes. They want innovation. They have to overcome it by collaborating with Facebook and others," he said. "Again, witness all the innovations that have already happened in the cloud industry. We want to apply all those innovations to the telco industry, which will make operators happier and customer happier and for everyone, a win/win."  Related: For more news videos visit Yahoo View, available on iOS and Android. NOW WATCH: This animated map shows how religion spread across the world More From Business Insider White House officials say Trump is 'undisciplined' and 'self-destructive' US Air Force fighter jets escorted an American Airlines plane into Hawaii after a passenger disturbance Google will let you search LinkedIn, Monster, Facebook, and more job sites all at once Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next 'Foreign invaders' threaten struggling Australian media AFP If a tech company wants to be loved, it needs to give people something physical The Verge Facebook adds ‘Order Food’ option because it wasn’t addictive enough BGR News Facebook Adds Food Ordering; Spotify Gets Into A.I. -- Tech Roundup The Street Facebook Wants to Feed You -- The Motley Fool The Motley Fool Supplements are more dangerous than other processed foods, according to a Harvard doctor Business Insider What It Really Costs to Go to Walt Disney World Money U.S., Saudi firms sign tens of billions of dollars of deals as Trump visits Reuters NASA plans emergency spacewalk on International Space Station Reuters Nvidia exec: artificial intelligence will change your life Yahoo Finance Video Why it's time to rethink the traditional workweek Yahoo Finance Couple who paid off $18,000 in 54 days shares their No. 1 money saving tip CNBC Costco, Fed minutes, and GDP — What you need to know in markets this week Yahoo Finance AP Source: Ford replaces CEO in push to transform business Associated Press Softbank-Saudi tech fund becomes world's biggest with $93 billion of capital Reuters Nvidia Horus Yahoo Finance Video Trump Slammed Michelle Obama For Not Covering Hair In Saudi Arabia, But... sas: Even Trump's staff know to not take anything he says seriously. Every thing about him is BS. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 3.9k
Arrow-right Camera Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather Search E-edition Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Obits OpinionClassifieds Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service Obituaries News Local Washington Idaho Nation World Business Health Marijuana Elections Weather Sports High School Sports Outdoors Gonzaga Basketball EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Women WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire A&E Arts & Entertainment Food Health Boomer U Entertainment Calendar Movies Movie times Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Data Projects Blogs Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Birth Announcements Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Inserts Wash. Idaho Business Health Marijuana Nation World Photos Business Motley Fool: Documented profits for Iron Mountain Sun., May 21, 2017, 6 a.m. Motley Fool Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS Iron Mountain’s (NYSE: IRM) core business is providing storage, primarily of records, and information management services to companies and government organizations. It’s also been expanding into related operations, such as data centers. The Boston-based company leads its industry, with a portfolio of more than 1,400 facilities spanning 47 countries. It has more than 220,000 customers, including about 94 percent of the Fortune 1000 companies. In 2014, the company reorganized into a real estate investment trust (REIT). REITs are required to pay out at least 90 percent of their income as dividends, and Iron Mountain recently yielded a fat 6.4 percent. What’s wonderful about the storage business is that customers are willing to sign multiyear agreements to help keep their documents safe. Those agreements keep revenue flowing into Iron Mountain’s bank account, even during economic slowdowns. Management plans to steadily increase revenue and profits between now and 2020, in part via $100 million in annual spending on acquisitions and expanding its capabilities in art storage and data-center management. Documentation management and storage is boring, but boring businesses that crank out predictable profits can be great investments. Iron Mountain shares aren’t a screaming bargain right now, but they’ll likely reward long-term investors. Ask the Fool Q: Where can I learn about which companies are being socially responsible, treating employees well and being good to the environment? – T.L., Columbus, Indiana A: One useful reference is Corporate Responsibility Magazine’s annual list, The 100 Best Corporate Citizens. Its rankings take into consideration a company’s performance on climate change, employee relations, human rights, corporate governance, financial performance and philanthropy. The top 10 companies for 2017 are Hasbro, Intel, Microsoft, Altria, Campbell Soup, Cisco Systems, Accenture, Hormel Foods, Lockheed Martin and Ecolab. (You’ll find the entire list at thecro.com.) The 2017 World’s Most Ethical Companies list, via Ethisphere.com, includes names such as 3M, Aflac, Allstate, Colgate-Palmolive, Deere, Dell, Eli Lilly, Ford, GE, Kellogg, L’Oreal, Levi Strauss, LinkedIn, Marriott, Mastercard, Microsoft, PepsiCo, Royal Caribbean Cruises, Starbucks, T-Mobile, Target, UPS, USAA, Visa, Volvo, Wyndham and dozens more. Learn more about socially responsible companies at sites such as socialfunds.com, csrwire.com and ussif.org. Q: How much might health care cost me when I’m retired? – H.E., Pleasanton, California A: It will probably cost a lot. You have Medicare to look forward to, but it’s not free, and even with it, you’ll still have out-of-pocket expenses. According to Fidelity Investments, an average 65-year-old couple retiring this year will spend about $260,000 on health care in retirement – not counting the cost of long-term care. That’s just an average, though. You might end up spending significantly more – or less – than that. Still, it’s a useful reminder that health care costs can be substantial and should be factored into your retirement planning. My dumbest investment My dumbest investment has been in a timeshare property. Don’t believe the hype you’ll hear from the sales team: They are selling high-price maintenance fees that never end, while telling you you’re getting a bargain on vacations. – M.R., via email The Fool responds: Timeshares have been extremely regrettable investments for many people. Still, they might suit some folks, in certain circumstances. For example, they can be good for large families, as some feature several bedrooms and a kitchen, helping you avoid renting multiple rooms and eating out all the time when on vacation. (Of course, you might simply rent a house or apartment for a vacation, too.) On the other hand, beware of the downsides: There are often maintenance fees (which tend to increase over time) that are due regardless of whether you use the unit, and contracts sometimes last forever, becoming burdens to heirs. If you’re thinking that you’ll simply sell the timeshare before you die, that can be hard, too. Many are very difficult to unload, with some “exit” companies having been created just to help you get out of your contract. It’s smart to think twice before buying a timeshare. Many end up being used far less than planned. Some timeshare purchasers will be happy, but anyone considering one should do a lot of due diligence into what the total costs will be – and think of it as a vacation purchase, not an investment. Published: May 21, 2017, 6 a.m.  Tags: investing, Iron Mountain, Motley Fool Click here to comment on this story » Most read stories Trump to propose big cuts to safety-net in new budget, slashing Medicaid and opening door to other l … Volunteers needed to smoke pot for science … Anglers put the bite on Columbia River bass … Daughter of suspended police officer arrested in kidnapping case … A nearly royal wedding: Pippa Middleton marries as English royalty look on … ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Masthead Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy
rediff.com Rediff News News Business Movies Sports Get Ahead  rediff NewsApp  NewsApp (Free)Read news as it happens Available on   Sign in  |  Create a Rediffmail account Rediff News  All News  Rediff.com  » News » New lamps for old, but the genie's missing New lamps for old, but the genie's missing May 21, 2017 10:05 IST Times without count we have bought more complex procedures in the name of simplification, says Shreekant Sambrani. Illustration: Uttam Ghosh/Rediff.com.     I went to renew my driving licence last week, with all supporting documents, including the all-important and pervasive Aadhaar card. Since the regional transport office had moved to more spacious premises 10 km from the city and now claimed to be fully online, I expected the process to be smooth and quick. Perish the thought. It took longer than it did at the old congested office five years ago and needed recourse to time-honoured means, which cost twice as much. Petty corruption is alive, thank you. And thrives on new purple and green diet in place of the old red and yellow bits. As Jean-Baptiste Alphonse Karr observed over 150 years ago, “Plus ça change, plus c'est la même chose” -- the more it changes, the more it remains the same.   That little instance notwithstanding, we live in times of constant change, some of it disruptive even, a period of ever-increasing universal entropy as it were. Without this, we will be in an equilibrium, a stasis with no progress possible. Joseph Schumpeter called the “process of industrial mutation that incessantly revolutionises the economic structure from within, incessantly destroying the old one, incessantly creating a new one” the ‘gale of creative destruction’ in Capitalism, Socialism and Democracy (1942). That pithy description captures the essence of economic progress under free markets.   Closer to our times, Gordon Moore of Fairchild Semiconductors and Intel made a postulation named after him, now modified to state that the semiconductor chip performance would double every 18 months. Moore’s Law, though not a physical one, is hailed as the driving force of much recent productivity and economic growth.   Both these formulations, based entirely on observed phenomena, have no infinite validity. Mr Moore now says that in view of the rapid onset of saturation, his law may not hold good after a decade or so.  That should inject a note of realism amongst analysts who predict a limitless future.   Given the widespread experience of such disruptions leading to growth, we tend often to invest any disruption with similar potential. Initial setbacks are dismissed as transient, a necessary cost for buoyant tomorrows. Political leaders who deliberately upset the established order are especially prone to make claims that their actions presage great good change.   That, of course, is not entirely or always true. Donald Trump’s actions on global trade, environmental conservation or affordable health care are plainly regressive, as is Brexit.  Recep Tayyip Erdogan’s constitutional “reform” will most likely push Turkey back in time.  At home, we are told that government initiatives such as demonetisation, agriculture loan write-offs, change of financial year, fixed-term legislatures and simultaneous elections, and the goods and services tax, are all harbingers of positive development in the near term.   Some of these could be patently disruptive, but not necessarily positive changes. Six months on, the initial slowdown after demonetisation may have disappeared, but Demonetisation and Black Money by C Rammanohar Reddy and Demonetisation Decoded by Jayati Ghosh et al persuasively contend that notebandi has curbed neither corruption nor black money. In a column I argued last month that “All that loan waivers do... is ...to restore farmers to the unrewarding stasis, with the vicious circle...  The distress continues, possibly gaining momentum.” Proposals to change the financial year are invariably accompanied by the rationale that they are more in sync with the agricultural calendar and thus necessarily beneficial. Trouble is, this point can be and has been batted back and forth, leading to a surmise that it matters little one way or the other. I had suggested earlier that under one-nation-one-election idea in the prevailing dominance of the Bharatiya Janata Party “only one party will benefit... Simultaneous elections would leave the BJP in a ...heads-I-win-tails-you-lose situation.”   Why do some of these supposedly game-changing interventions lead to underwhelming outcomes? Two reasons suggest themselves. First, they were meant to serve some other unstated purpose. The rather emphatic assertion of Demonetisation Decoded that the “aim (of demonetisation) was... to project the leader as an extraordinary person who can take such bold and unimaginable decisions” may well be right on target.   The second, and more important, reason is the resourcefulness shown by individuals and institutions likely to be affected by the change in guarding their flank. Driving licence renewals may be superficially simplified, but by keeping the number of counters restricted to the same old number and by assigning dates for renewals beyond the grace period after expiry, the petty bureaucracy ensures that its powers and avenues of gain through agents remain intact. The long-drawn negotiations and the resulting rather complex mechanism for the one genuine reform-oriented disruption, GST, demonstrates the agility of vested interests in protecting their turf. Times without count we have bought more complex procedures in the name of simplification.   A recent survey by ComMutiny, an NGO working with youth, showed that mindset change is the most important prerequisite for any intervention to succeed. But that is far easier said than done, as the less than satisfactory reception to many innovations show. Some disruptions could be downright dysfunctional. Not all new lamps for old contained the magical genie, as Aladdin was to ruefully discover.   Shreekant Sambrani is an economist and founder-director of Institute of Rural Management, Anand. Shreekant Sambrani Source: Tags: Bharatiya Janata Party, Shreekant Sambrani, Gordon Moore, Institute of Rural Management, Fairchild Semiconductors and Intel Share this Write a Comment Print this article   ALSO READ MOST RECENT   MOST COMMENTED How the 'pundits' got everything wrong Bharat is in distress Corruption in business: India ranks 9th 71 pc Indians believe religious leaders are corrupt: Survey The Budget as Budgets should be 5 ways Real Madrid broke Barca's La Liga stranglehold Kohli, Kumble demand 150 per cent hike Real title win 'an incredible feeling' for Zidane What Trump can learn from Modi Twitter reacts after thrilling Mumbai Indians' win Rajinikanth responds to Swamy's jibe, praises Stalin Trump may sow seeds for another 9/11 Suspected ISI agent detained in Jaisalmer Ahead of PM's Gujarat visit, Hardik Patel tries to kick up a dust, shaves head Who is a liberal? Stars spotted!  What's this? Spotted: Tamil actor Karthi at Hyderabad airport Reader Rajagopal sends us a photograph. More stars spotted Met a celebrity? Email us photos & videos Business emailOffice email AppDomain registrationWebsiteRediffmailMoneyCompany emailOnline ShoppingBooksGiftsVideosBlogsBuzz News India  |  Latest News India  |  Bollywood News  |  Indian Cricket Score  |  India Business News © 2017 Rediff.com - Investors - Advertise - Disclaimer - Privacy - Careers - Feedback | Terms of use ▲
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 29 mins S&P 500 2,381.73 +16.01 (+0.68%) Dow 30 20,804.84 +141.82 (+0.69%) Nasdaq 6,083.70 +28.57 (+0.47%) Why you shouldn't buy a new MacBook right now Todd Haselton CNBC May 19, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Getty Images. Apple is reportedly gearing up to launch new laptops soon, so don't buy a new MacBook, MacBook Pro or MacBook Air right now.More Don't buy a new MacBook right now, no matter what model you're considering. A report this week suggested that Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) is gearing up to announce new MacBooks as soon as next month during its annual developer conference, known as WWDC. It makes perfect sense, too, since this is where Apple typically unveils new software that powers its computers. In this case, we're expecting an update to macOS. Bloomberg said this week that Apple is planning to introduce, at the very least, a refreshed MacBook Pro with Intel's latest seventh-generation processors. Apple, for whatever reason, wasn't able to get those chips in time for the initial launch of the MacBook Pro with Touch Bar, which only launched back in October. Apple is also planning to update its smaller and thinner MacBook laptops with the new processors, too, so you'll want to make sure you aren't buying that right now either. Additionally, Apple may — though Bloomberg was less confident on this — finally refresh the MacBook Air laptop, its thin-and-light machine that still offers some of the more traditional ports, like full-size USB and an SD card slot, which people still want. Intel's new processors are more powerful and are also more efficient, which means you should see longer battery life out of them. It's unclear if Apple plans to make any other changes to its laptops, but you'd be silly not to sit on the bench for a few weeks just to find out what's in store. Take this as a simple public service announcement. Sit tight on buying a new MacBook, MacBook Air or MacBook Pro right now. Apple should have fresh models on the market very soon. Oh, and for what it's worth, you also shouldn't buy a new iPad Pro yet. More From CNBC There's no better time to buy a new smartphone than right now Google's Siri competitor is now on the iPhone -- and it does things Siri can't Here’s how to use Instagram’s new face filters Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next 2017 MacBook Pro, 12-inch MacBook (and maybe MacBook Air) Refresh: What To Expect Forbes Why Apple's iPhone 8 Will Be So Expensive Forbes Apple's Classy Move Is Smarter Than You May Think -- The Motley Fool The Motley Fool Leaked iPhone 8 mold suggests device will be slightly larger than the iPhone 7 BGR News Siri vs Google Assistant on iPhone: Watch Google win on Apple's home turf CNBC.com Supplements are more dangerous than other processed foods, according to a Harvard doctor Business Insider What It Really Costs to Go to Walt Disney World Money U.S., Saudi firms sign tens of billions of dollars of deals as Trump visits Reuters Netflix May Be Preparing to Do Something Big That Freaks Out Its Fans, but It Is a Necessary Evil The Street Nvidia exec: artificial intelligence will change your life Yahoo Finance Video Why it's time to rethink the traditional workweek Yahoo Finance Inside Facebook's plan to eat another $350 billion IT market Business Insider Couple who paid off $18,000 in 54 days shares their No. 1 money saving tip CNBC Thousands are flocking to a credit card that helps people repair their bad FICO scores and avoid payday loans Business Insider Why astronomers are scrambling to observe the weirdest star in the galaxy this weekend The Verge Nvidia Horus Yahoo Finance Video Dianne Feinstein: ‘Comey is in no way a nut job’ VN Vet: I remember her reporting a UFO spying on her at home, I also remember her denouncing guns as evil, only to find out via public records she had a concealed gun carry permit. so not only is she nuts, ugly and super liberal, she's a hypocrite, which I guess comes as a package deal these days.... Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2.1k
Technology content trusted in North America and globally since 1999 7,517 Reviews & Articles | 55,343 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket AM4 Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU Home News Laptops ASUS teases AMD Ryzen powered ROG gaming laptop ASUS is working on a new Ryzen-powered ROG laptop By: Anthony Garreffa | Laptops News | Posted: 1 day, 7 hours ago Comment () | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA AMD hasn't powered a high-end gaming laptop in what feels like forever, as Intel's more power efficient CPUs have been perfect - at least until now, in gaming laptops.     ASUS is now teasing with its new trailer for 'Something Has Awakened' on its ROG channel on YouTube, with what should be a new Ryzen-powered gaming laptop in its growing ROG line up of gaming products. The company teases #Computex2017 - so we are only a week away from seeing it in action.   Now, will ASUS use a new, unannounced APU powered by Ryzen, or will it be a high-end Ryzen 7 1700X/1800X with a dedicated GPU. If it's rocking a dGPU, will it be an AMD Radeon RX 580, unreleased Radeon RX Vega (that will be showcased on May 31 during AMD's Computex 2017 keynote) or one of NVIDIA's many GeForce graphics cards.   >> NEXT STORY: Qualcomm Snapdragon 845: 10nm, LPDDR4X, due in Q1 2018 << PREVIOUS STORY: Qualcomm demonstrates dynamic wireless vehicle charging Related Tags AMD ASUS ASUS ROG AMD Ryzen ASUS Ryzen gaming laptop ASUS Ryzen ROG Ryzen Intel NVIDIA Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts Rare Apple-1 computer from 1976 auctioned for $130,000 Facebook rolling out 'Order Food' option 27-year-old gamer without eyes still plays games Xbox One S now streams 4K video from Amazon Ghost Recon: Wildlands Update #4 arrivesView More News Posts Forum Activity Prey Review: Dark Stars, Darker Thoughts Alien Covenant Movie Review Custom Storage Unit Z170-WS, 3002 bios, and SLI not working. Anyone else experience this? Samsung EVO Plus 128GB microSDXC Memory Card ReviewView More Forum Posts Press Releases Western Digital sets new standard with latest generation in popular HGST-brand Ultrastar SAS SSD family AMD raises expectations for server performance, unveils EPYC processor brand for the datacenter HighPoint's SSD7101 PCIe board-sized drive series integrate Samsung 960 NVMe SSDs to deliver groundbreaking performance over 12GB/s Micron accelerates all-flash storage speed, performance and value with new flexible petabyte-scale enterprise data center solution Qualcomm Snapdragon 660 and 630 mobile platforms drive advanced photography, enhanced gaming, integrated connectivity and machine learningView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2017 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
SUBSCRIBE NOW$5.00 a month Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe More Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 101 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Ford ousts CEO Fields in management shake-up Ford Motor Co. is ousting CEO Mark Fields and reassigning three senior executives to create a new structure intended to speed decision-making in the rapidly changing auto-and-mobility sector, according to sources close to the situation. Post to Facebook Ford ousts CEO Fields in management shake-up Ford Motor Co. is ousting CEO Mark Fields and reassigning three senior executives to create a new structure intended to speed decision-making in the rapidly changing auto-and-mobility sector, according to sources close to the situation.  Check out this story on detroitnews.com: http://detne.ws/2qKPr9h {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Ford ousts CEO Fields in management shake-up Daniel Howes , The Detroit News Published 1:05 a.m. ET May 22, 2017 | Updated 2 hours ago Mark Fields, left, is out as Ford's CEO. Jim Hackett, a former CEO of Steelcase Inc. and one-time Ford director who now serves as president of Ford Smart Mobility LLC, will become president and CEO of the Dearborn-based automaker. (Photo: Detroit News) 101 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE In a broad management shake-up, Ford Motor Co. is ousting CEO Mark Fields and reassigning three senior executives to create a new structure intended to speed decision-making in the rapidly changing auto-and-mobility sector, according to sources close to the situation. Jim Hackett, a former CEO of Steelcase Inc. and one-time Ford director who now serves as president of Ford Smart Mobility LLC, will become president and CEO of the Dearborn-based automaker. The uncharacteristically swift move for Ford comes as large Wall Street investors and small shareholders raise increasing pressure on the automaker. Ford shares have slipped roughly 40 percent since Fields replaced superstar CEO Alan Mulally in July 2014. Ten percent of that slide came in the first five months of this year as the blistering U.S. market shows signs of cooling, weakening Ford’s financial results and raising doubts about its management direction. Evidence continues to mount, Ford executives have said privately in recent weeks, that the automaker under Fields failed to move quickly enough to realign its business to maximize growth, to boost return on invested capital and to reassure investors that Ford is effectively managing its transition from a century-old automaker to what it calls an “auto-and-mobility company.” Buy Photo Jim Hackett, a former CEO of Steelcase Inc. and one-time Ford director who now serves as president of Ford Smart Mobility LLC, will become president and CEO of the Dearborn-based automaker.  (Photo: David Guralnick / The Detroit News) As rival General Motors Co. under CEO Mary Barra aggressively moves to reshape its global market and manufacturing footprint — leaving Russia and India, ending production in Australia and Indonesia, selling its European operations to PSA Groupe SA of France — sources said Ford’s directors found Fields moving too slowly on such things as the Blue Oval presence in India and whether it should withdraw from the small-car segment in the United States, among other things. The new senior management structure is designed to emphasize quicker decision-making and crisper execution, the sources say. Jim Farley, head of Ford Europe, Middle East and Africa since January 2015, is expected to oversee Ford’s regions, global marketing and sales, and Lincoln Motor Co. Joe Hinrichs, head of the Americas since December 2012, will manage global product development, manufacturing and labor affairs, purchasing, and environmental and safety engineering. Marcy Klevorn, vice president of information technology and chief technical officer since January, will oversee Hackett’s Ford Smart Mobility unit. And Mark Truby, head of communications for Ford Europe and, more recently, in the Asia Pacific region, returns to Dearborn to become vice president of communications. A former auto writer and business editor for The Detroit News, he replaces Ray Day, who will retire at year’s end. The decision to oust Fields as CEO and replace him with Hackett was finalized in a board meeting Friday, the sources said, after which Bill Ford told the incumbent CEO he would be replaced by the former Steelcase CEO. He also served as the interim athletic director of the University of Michigan, credited with wooing Jim Harbaugh back to the sidelines at Michigan Stadium. Ford’s move against Fields, in the job less than three years, betrays a sense of urgency the company historically has taken longer to muster. But time is racing ahead in the global auto industry, and Ford cannot afford not to address a leadership problem unlikely to get better with time. Mark Fields is out as President and CEO of Ford Motor Company.  (Photo: FREDERIC J. BROWN / AFP/Getty Images) A whole new set of Silicon Valley competitors with names like Apple and Google, Intel and Qualcomm is vying for leadership in the next-generation industry that threatens to change fundamentally the auto industry as Detroit knows it. It’s unfamiliar territory for all automakers, not just Ford. Previously from Daniel Howes:Pressure mounts on Ford, CEO Fields Mulally, a former Boeing Co. executive wooed to Ford in 2006 to rescue the struggling Blue Oval, engineered the rebuild of Ford’s core car and truck business, producing what turned out to be an earnings machine at the top of the auto cycle. Job One: Save the company. Fields, a Ford veteran, was charged with maintaining that momentum amid a downshifting market cycle while simultaneously pushing the automaker into unknown territory labeled autonomy, electrification and mobility. That turned out to be easier said than done, especially when a hot U.S. truck market, an inept communications strategy and bad timing further muddied the company strategy with key interest groups. Executive back-biting and corporate intrigue, enduring staples of an Old Ford that Bill Ford once likened to czarist Russia, re-emerged as the gulf between expectations and financial results widened. Speculation of who might be in, or out, generally failed to capture the sweeping changes Ford’s directors were determined to take from a position of relative strength, not the weakness of 2006. And, amid expectations that the automaker is on track to book some $9 billion in profits this year, Ford announced plans to offer 1,400 buyouts to salaried employees in North America and Asia — euphemistically described in a company statement as “people efficiencies” — even as it confirmed retention bonuses for four executives. Daniel.Howes@detroitnews.com (313) 222-2106 Daniel Howes’ column runs Tuesdays, Thursdays and Fridays. Follow him on Twitter @DanielHowes_TDN 101 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2qKPr9h TOP VIDEOS Entrepreneur/actor Hill Harper an admirer of Detroit 2:55 Construction continues on M-59 1:51 Packard site owner: 'We will not fail' 2:56 QLine prepares for its debut 1:35 Patterson concerned about job skills gap 2:51 Mayor Mike Duggan on the new Flex-N-Gate facility 0:47 Ken Lingenfelter on his astounding car collection 2:30 IRS agent warns of tax scams 3:28 GM cars hoisted up to the Comerica Park fountain 0:50 Sen. Gary Peters views demonstration of a Bradley Fighting Vehicle 0:43
Menu Topics Business Impact Connectivity Intelligent Machines Rewriting Life Sustainable Energy 10 Breakthrough Technologies 35 Innovators Under 35 50 Smartest Companies Views Views from the Marketplace Top Stories Magazine Events More Video Special Publications MIT News Magazine Help/Support Log in / Register Subscribe Log in / Register Search Click search or press enter yoshi sodeoka Rewriting Life Microsoft Has a Goal to Store Data as DNA Tech companies think biology may solve a looming data storage problem. by Antonio Regalado May 22, 2017 Based on early research involving the storage of movies and documents in DNA, Microsoft is developing an apparatus that uses biology to replace tape drives, researchers at the company say. Computer architects at Microsoft Research say the company has formalized a goal of having an operational storage system based on DNA working inside a data center toward the end of this decade. The aim is a “proto-commercial system in three years storing some amount of data on DNA in one of our data centers, for at least a boutique application,” says Doug Carmean, a partner architect at Microsoft Research. He describes the eventual device as the size of a large, 1970s-era Xerox copier. Internally, Microsoft harbors the even more ambitious goal of replacing tape drives, a common format used for archiving information. “We hope to get it branded as ‘Your Storage with DNA,’” says Carmean. The plans signal how seriously some tech companies are taking the seemingly strange idea of saving videos, photos, or valuable documents in the same molecule our genes are made of. The reason, says Victor Zhirnov, chief scientist of the Semiconductor Research Corporation, is that efforts to shrink computer memory are hitting physical limits, but DNA can store data at incredible densities. Subscribe to Weekend Reads Our guide to stories in the archives that put technology in perspective. Sign Up Thank you — please check your email to confirm your subscription. Incorrect email format Manage your newsletter preferences Formatted in DNA, every movie ever made would fit inside a volume smaller than a sugar cube.  “DNA is the densest known storage medium in the universe, just based on the laws of physics. That is the reason why people are looking into this,” says Zhirnov. “And the problem we are solving is the exponential growth of stored information.”  Last July, Microsoft publicly announced it had stored 200 megabytes of data in DNA strands, including a music video, setting a record. The work, described in a paper published in March on the pre-print server Biorxiv, has been led by Carmean and Karin Strauss, both of Microsoft Research, and the University of Washington laboratory of computer scientist Luis Ceze. Major obstacles to a practical storage system remain. Converting digital bits into DNA code (made up of chains of nucleotides labeled A, G, C, and T) remains laborious and expensive because of the chemical process used to manufacture DNA strands. In its demonstration project, Microsoft used 13,448,372 unique pieces of DNA. Experts say buying that much material on the open market would cost $800,000. “The main issue with DNA storage is the cost,” says Yaniv Erlich, a professor at Columbia University who earlier this year reported a novel approach to DNA data storage. “So the main question is whether Microsoft solved this problem.” Based on their publication, Erlich says, “I did not see any progress towards this goal, but maybe they have something in their pipeline.” Will DNA data storage prove commercially viable? Share your thoughts. According to Microsoft, the cost of DNA storage needs to fall by a factor of 10,000 before it becomes widely adopted. While many experts say that’s unlikely, Microsoft believes such advances could occur if the computer industry demands them. Automating the process of writing digital data into DNA will also be critical. Based on the several weeks it took to carry out their experiment, Carmean estimates that the rate of moving data into DNA was only 400 bytes per second. Microsoft says that needs to increase to 100 megabytes per second. Reading the data out is easier. That was done using a high-speed sequencing machine, including to recall specific parts of the files, analogous to random-access memory on a computer. Even a two-fold improvement in DNA reading would make that aspect of the system efficient enough for commercial use, Microsoft thinks.    Because writing and retrieving data into DNA is slow, any early use of the technology will be restricted to special situations. That could include data that needs to be archived for legal or regulatory reasons, such as police body-cam video or medical records. Microsoft currently works with Twist Bioscience, a DNA manufacturer located in San Francisco. Twist is one of a number of newly formed companies trying to improve DNA production, a list that now includes startups DNAScript, Nuclera Nucleics, Evonetix, Molecular Assemblies, Catalog DNA, Helixworks, and a spin-off of Oxford Nanopore called Genome Foundry. Recommended for You The World’s Largest Wind Turbines Have Started Generating Power in England StarCraft Pros Are Ready to Battle AI Google Reveals a Powerful New AI Chip and Supercomputer Why Google’s CEO Is Excited About Automating Artificial Intelligence WannaCry Has a More Lucrative Cousin That Mines Cryptocurrency for Its Masters One exciting possibility being pursued by some of the startups is to replace the 40-year-old chemical process used to make DNA with one that employs enzymes, as our own bodies do. Jean Bolot, scientific director of Technicolor Research, in Los Altos, says it is funding such work at Harvard University, in the laboratory of George Church, the genomics expert. “I am confident we will have results to talk about this year,” says Bolot, who adds that his company has been in discussions with movie studios about how they might employ DNA storage. He says half of all films made before 1951 are already lost because they were stored on celluloid. Now new formats, like high-definition video and virtual reality, are stretching studios’ ability to preserve their work, he says. Zhirnov says computer chip makers are taking DNA seriously because there are physical limits to how much data can be stored in conventional media, like tapes or hard drives. His organization, which is funded by Microsoft, Intel, and others to perform applied research, began taking a closer look at DNA starting in 2013. He says semiconductor experts who believed DNA was too “soft” were surprised to learn that it lasts a hundred to a thousand times longer than a silicon device. The molecule is so stable that it is frequently recovered from mammoth bones and ancient human remains. But its most important feature is density. DNA can hold 1,000,000,000,000,000,000 (aka a quintillion) bytes of information in a cubic millimeter. “Density is driving everything,” says Zhirnov. A spokesperson for Microsoft Research said the company could not confirm “specifics on a product plan” at this time. Inside the company, the DNA storage idea is apparently gaining adherents but is not yet universally accepted. “Our internal people believe us, but not the tape storage people,” says Carmean, formerly a top chip designer at Intel.   In addition to being dense and durable, DNA has a further advantage that’s not often mentioned—its extreme relevance to the human species. Think of those old floppy disks you can’t read anymore or clay tablets with indecipherable hieroglyphs. Unlike such media, DNA probably won’t ever go out of style. “We’ll always be reading DNA as long as we are human,” says Carmean. Cut off? Read unlimited articles today. Become an Insider Already an Insider? Log in. Tagged Microsoft, DNA, computing, DNA data storage Antonio Regalado Senior Editor, Biomedicine I am the senior editor for biomedicine for MIT Technology Review. I look for stories about how technology is changing medicine and biomedical research. Before joining MIT Technology Review in July 2011, I lived in São Paulo, Brazil,… More where I wrote about science, technology, and politics in Latin America for Science and other publications. From 2000 to 2009, I was the science reporter at the Wall Street Journal and later a foreign correspondent. READ COMMENTS Please read our commenting guidelines. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Subscribe to Continue Reading Uh oh–you've read all of your free articles for this month. Become an Insider for unlimited access to online stories for less than $15 per month. Subscribe Insider Premium $179.95/yr US PRICE Subscribe See international, alumni and other pricing options Already an Insider? Log in. Have a magazine subscription? Activate your Insider account. Recommended for You The World’s Largest Wind Turbines Have Started Generating Power in England StarCraft Pros Are Ready to Battle AI Google Reveals a Powerful New AI Chip and Supercomputer Why Google’s CEO Is Excited About Automating Artificial Intelligence WannaCry Has a More Lucrative Cousin That Mines Cryptocurrency for Its Masters More from Rewriting Life Reprogramming our bodies to make us healthier. Why Nematode Worms Could Hold the Key to Aging Human physiology changes with age in the same way as the behavior of nematode worms. Understanding why could be a crucial clue for the science of aging. by Emerging Technology from the arXiv ARM Wants to Put Its Chips Inside Your Brain Neural implants are all the rage in Silicon Valley. Now the well-known chip designer thinks its low-power processors could help make them a reality. by Michael Reilly Mind-Reading Algorithms Reconstruct What You’re Seeing Using Brain-Scan Data Perceived images are hard to decode from fMRI scans. But a new kind of neural network approach now makes it easier and more accurate. by Emerging Technology from the arXiv More from Rewriting Life From Our Advertisers In partnership with Hewlett Packard Enterprise A Field Guide to Digital Transformation In partnership with Hewlett Packard Enterprise A Fireside Chat: Unlocking the Power of Hybrid, Flexible IT In partnership with Google Cloud Machine Learning: The New Proving Ground for Competitive Advantage Want more award-winning journalism? Subscribe to Insider Plus. Insider Plus {! insider.prices.plus !}* {! insider.display.menuOptionsLabel !} Everything included in Insider Basic, plus ad-free web experience, select discounts to partner offerings and MIT Technology Review events {! insider.buttons.plus.buttonText !} See details+ What's Included Bimonthly home delivery and unlimited 24/7 access to MIT Technology Review’s website. The Download. Our daily newsletter of what's important in technology and innovation. Access to the Magazine archive. Over 24,000 articles going back to 1899 at your fingertips. Special Discounts to select partner offerings Discount to MIT Technology Review events Ad-free web experience * {! insider.display.footerLabel !} See international prices See U.S. prices Revert to MIT Enterprise Forum pricing Revert to standard pricing The Download What's important in technology and innovation, delivered to you every day. Follow us Twitter Facebook RSS   The mission of MIT Technology Review is to equip its audiences with the intelligence to understand a world shaped by technology. Browse International Editions Company About Us Careers Advertise with Us Custom Reprints and Permissions Press Room Your Account Log In / Create Account Newsletters Manage Account Manage Subscription Customer Support Help/FAQs Contact Us Feedback Sitemap More Events MIT Enterprise Forum MIT News Policies Ethics Statement Terms of Service Privacy Commenting Guidelines MIT Technology Review © 2017 v.|eiπ| / You've read all of your free articles this month. This is your last free article this month. You've read of free articles this month. Subscribe now or log in for unlimited online access.
Share 0 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-05-22 Miley Cyrus Breaks Down As She Debuts New Song At Billboard Music Awards Entertainment 2017-05-21 Stephen Colbert Comforted By Donald Trump Being ‘Sack-Punched Every Day By Firm Investigative Journalism’ Entertainment 2017-05-21 After 146 Years, Ringling Bros. And Barnum & Bailey Circus Will Perform Last Act Sunday Entertainment 2017-05-21 Jimmy Fallon Tears Into Donald Trump After Being Criticized For Neutral Tone Towards President News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News World 2017-05-22 Donald Trump Turns Secular On Israel Visit: Is President Doing So To Achieve Israeli-Palestinian Peace Deal? News 2017-05-21 5-Year-Old Ohio Boy Walked Two Blocks Barefoot To Get Help After Parents Overdosed On Heroin News 2017-05-21 North Korea Test Missile Passes International Space Station’s Height — Ready For Deployment? News 2017-05-21 Did Coverage Of El Chapo’s Rival Lead To The Death Of A Mexican Journalist? [Opinion] Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-05-21 AJ Styles Reveals That Selflessness Earned Vince McMahon’s Trust In Him Wrestling 2017-05-21 ‘WWE Backlash’: Social Media Reacts To Usos Vs. Breezango Tag Team Championship Match Football 2017-05-21 Closer Look At The Washington Redskins Options At Linebacker In 2017 Sports 2017-05-21 Gisele Bündchen & Tom Brady: Is the Supermodel Finally Opening Up Conversation On NFL Health Repercussions? Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-05-21 Tired Of Being Single? Embrace ‘Sologamy’ And Marry Yourself Lifestyle 2017-05-19 Dunkin’ Donuts Gives Away Free Frozen Coffee Samples Today, And ‘Freeze The Day With $1K’ Giveaway Ends Today Lifestyle 2017-05-18 Slurpee ‘Bring Your Own Cup Day’ Returns To 7-Eleven For 2017, What You Need To Know About #BYOCUPDAY Lifestyle 2017-05-15 5 Lessons In Running A Successful Business, According To Kylie Jenner Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-05-21 Family Spots Miracle Baby’s Rare Eye Cancer In Photos Health 2017-05-21 CDC Warning: Pool Water Hazardous For Your Health, Dangerous Parasite Could Lurk In Pools And Water Parks Health 2017-05-21 Seed Ticks: A Tick So Tiny You Could Miss 150 On Your Body, As One Mother Discovered Health 2017-05-20 Pope Francis Says That Embryos Should Never Be Used In Research, Not Even To Fight Incurable Diseases Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-05-22 ‘Gwent: The Witcher Card Game’ Public Beta Marks Its PS4 Debut, 3 Reasons It Is A Must-Play Gaming 2017-05-21 ‘Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2’ Nintendo Switch Version Release Date Confirmed In Fall This Year Gaming 2017-05-21 South Park: Fractured But Whole Release Date Finally Revealed Gaming 2017-05-21 ‘Clash Of Clans’ Massive Boat Update Might Finally Land On May 23-25 BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-05-21 Competitive Eater Matt Stonie Goes Viral By Eating 5 Chipotle Burritos, Diet Coke To Honor Past Viral Video BuzzWorthy 2017-05-21 Mom Shares an Open Letter to Principal Who Sent Her Daughter Dress Code Violation Warning BuzzWorthy 2017-05-21 Clint Eastwood Attends Cannes Film Festival, Is Willing To Act Again BuzzWorthy 2017-05-21 Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau Photobomb Prom Pictures in Vancouver SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Hot Microsoft Surface Pro Leaks Emerge, Tease Minor SP4 Refresh, New Colors, And Gorgeous Keyboard Gadgets 0 0 0 May 21, 2017 Hot Microsoft Surface Pro Leaks Emerge, Tease Minor SP4 Refresh, New Colors, And Gorgeous Keyboard Simon Alvarez Microsoft would not be unveiling the Surface Pro 5 anytime soon, but the Redmond-based tech giant sure appears to be gearing up for a hardware launch within the next few days. As the company’s Shanghai event later this week draws closer, image leaks of a new Surface device, rumored to be christened simply as the Surface Pro, have emerged. Needless to say, the Surface Pro 4 successor looks gorgeous. Rumors of a Surface Pro 5 have been emerging from the rumor mill for a very long time, with numerous leaks and speculations stating that Microsoft is developing a new hybrid device as a successor to the critically acclaimed Surface Pro 4. While the rumors have been very consistent, however, the device never made it to any of the tech giant’s recent product launches. The Surface Studio and the Surface Laptop were released over the past few months, but the Surface Pro 5 stubbornly remained hidden. Things appeared to take a turn for the worse when Microsoft’s Panos Panay himself stated that a Surface Pro 5 device is currently not in development. The Microsoft executive further said that the Surface Pro 4’s design would be competitive enough for the next few years. Unsurprisingly, Surface fans were disheartened by Panay’s statements, especially since the leaks about an upcoming Surface hybrid device continued to trickle down in a steady stream. See you in Shanghai. May 23. #MicrosoftEvent #Surface https://t.co/aMgvkkqE52 pic.twitter.com/vzcK9MqIpf — Panos Panay (@panos_panay) May 5, 2017 As it turned out, Panay’s statements, while confirming that a Surface Pro 5 device would not be coming anytime soon, were also a tease that a new hybrid would be getting a release later this year. Prolific journalist and tech leaker Paul Thurrott, for one, has stated that while a Surface Pro 5 reveal might not happen, Microsoft would still release a new Surface-branded device this year. Instead of a full upgrade, however, the new Surface device would instead be a refresh of the Surface Pro 4 that was released back in 2015. Rumors about the new Surface device point to several internal upgrades that Microsoft would be equipping the device with. The most prominent of these is the inclusion of Intel’s powerful seventh-generation Kaby Lake processor, which would give the upcoming hybrid device far more power and battery life than its predecessor. While the full specs of the new Surface Pro device remain unknown, there is a good chance that the bulk of the improvements in the device would be found under the hood. If a set of recently leaked images are any indication, the new Surface Pro hybrid would be distinguishable from the Surface Pro 4 due to its external appearance. As stated by MSN Power User, the new Surface Pro hybrid would be featuring numerous design cues from both the Surface Pro 4 and the recently released Surface Laptop. As could be seen in the leaked images of the upcoming device, the result of is a stunning new hybrid that is far more aesthetically pleasing than the Surface Pro 4. This is the Microsoft Surface Pro 4 refresh https://t.co/H0RVtwRqFO [click through for more pics] pic.twitter.com/TUogevpDvm — Evan Blass (@evleaks) May 19, 2017 Immediately noticeable from the image leaks is the new Surface Pro’s Alcantara fabric-covered keyboard, which was previously limited only to the hybrid’s signature edition keyboards. For the upcoming device, the sleek, elegant keyboard would be made standard across the board. Just like the Surface Laptop, the new Surface Pro would debut with four color options: Charcoal, Burgundy, Platinum, and Teal. These colors would be reflected in the device’s Surface Pen as well. The fact that the Surface Pro’s Surface Pen would have a particular color has resonated well with fans of the device. For one, Surface Pro devices have usually been released with the stylus included. Since the Surface Pen follows a specific color template, it appears that the upcoming device would finally be shipping with both the stylus and the keyboard. These are, or course, speculations, so do take these with a grain of salt. More details about the new Surface Pro are set to be revealed later this week. Pricing for the device remains unknown, but rumors are high that the device would be priced similarly as previous models. [Featured Image by Spencer Platt/Getty Images] Share 0 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Contributor Simon Alvarez Tags: microsoft, Surface Pro, Surface Pro 5 May 21, 2017 ’12 Monkeys’ Star Amanda Schull Teases Cassie’s Journey, As Series Boss Reveals Return [Spoilers] May 21, 2017 Lea Michele Stuns In See-Through Dress At The 2017 Billboard Music Awards And Gushes Over Her Favorite Artist Comments LATEST HEADLINES Billboard Music Awards Vs. Grammys: Exalted Honor Or So Much Hot Air Miley Cyrus Breaks Down As She Debuts New Song At Billboard Music Awards ‘Dancing With The Stars’ Finale: Every ‘DWTS’ Season 24 Winner Prediction You Should Know About Odd UFO Sighting Group In Australia Causes A Government Controversy Donald Trump Turns Secular On Israel Visit: Is President Doing So To Achieve Israeli-Palestinian Peace Deal? ‘The Originals’ Season 4, Episode 10 Spoilers: Freya And Hayley’s Risky Mission To Save A Loved One ‘Gwent: The Witcher Card Game’ Public Beta Marks Its PS4 Debut, 3 Reasons It Is A Must-Play Melania Trump Ditched The Headscarf And Saudi Arabia Has Surprising Reaction ‘Game Of Thrones’ Prequel: Belfast Film Students Make ‘GOT’ Short Film And It Is Amazing! [Watch] ‘Young And The Restless’ Spoilers: Victoria Blames Billy, Asks Victor For Help, Cane & Lily’s Teen Twins Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Trending Stories Jared Kushner Investigation: Top W.H. Aide Reportedly ‘Person Of Interest’ In Quickly Expanding Russia Probe 25.3k 0 0 Disney Announces Huge Partnership With LuLaRoe For Official Disney-Themed Line Of Leggings And More Collection 23.4k 0 0 A Tete-A-Tete With Jordan Patch And April The Giraffe 17.6k 0 0 Vice President Mike Pence, Speaker Ryan, And Mitch McConnell Implicated In Cover Up 15.8k 0 0 Impeachment Coming? House Judiciary Committee Reportedly Starting Process To Remove President From Office 14.8k 0 0 Kourtney Kardashian Celebrated Mother’s Day By Getting Totally Naked Again 18.5k 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr.
CBS News CBS Evening News CBS This Morning 48 Hours 60 Minutes Sunday Morning Face The Nation CBSN GO Log In Log In Join CBSNews.com Face the Nation Home Local Listings Archives Full Episodes About Us Sunday Line-up Trending Videos CBSN Live » Face The Nation Sen. Rubio: Says White House should make notes fro... 60 Minutes Politics Sanctuary Newsmakers Cook County Jail Newsmakers Enemy of the State Newsmakers Operation Car Wash Newsmakers Snitches Health & Science Space Archaeology CBS Evening News Trump-Middle East CBS Evening News Trump on Iran CBS Evening News Spies in China CBS Evening News Battle for Mosul CBS Evening News NBA star detained CBS Evening News Circus bows out CBS Evening News 13 Reasons Why Not CBS Evening News Bats in church 60 Minutes Overtime Ai Weiwei: Artist or activist? 60 Minutes Overtime Sanctuary in Philadelphia 60 Minutes Overtime Cooking class at Cook County Face The Nation Rubio on White House drama: "People got what they voted for" Face The Nation Feinstein to Trump: "Stop Tweeting, think about what you say" Face The Nation Feinstein believes Trump-Russia probe includes question of cover-up Face The Nation Transcript: Sen. Dianne Feinstein on "Face the Nation" Face The Nation Transcript: Sen. Marco Rubio on "Face the Nation" Face The Nation Face the Nation May 21, 2017 Transcript: Rubio, Feinstein, Nation Tracker Face The Nation John's Notebook: President Trump's place in history Face The Nation "Face the Nation" transcripts 2017 Face The Nation Sunday: Rubio and Feinstein Face The Nation Gates on the conflict in Syria ahead of the president's visit to the Middle East Face The Nation Flashback: Kelly says aviation threat “keeps me...awake at night” Face The Nation Robert Gates on the president's improvisational approach CBS News May 21, 2017, 11:38 AM Transcript: Sen. Marco Rubio on "Face the Nation," May 21, 2017 Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email The probe into possible collusion between Russia and the Trump campaign took a dramatic turn when the Justice Department appointed former FBI Director Robert Mueller to lead an independent investigation. The development followed President Trump's decision earlier this month to fire FBI Director James Comey, as well as subsequent reports about a memo Comey wrote that suggested the president asked him to drop an investigation into former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn. Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Florida), who is a prominent member of the Senate Intelligence Committee and who ran against Mr. Trump in the 2016 race for the White House, joined "Face the Nation" Sunday. He discussed want he wants to know from Comey, who will testify before the Senate Intelligence Committee. What follows is a full transcript of the interview, which aired Sunday May 21, 2017 on "Face The Nation." JOHN DICKERSON: We turn to Republican Senator Marco Rubio, who joins us from Miami, Florida. Welcome, senator. I want to-- MARCO RUBIO: Good morning.   JOHN DICKERSON: --start with former Director James Comey. He will testify in front of the Intelligence Committee, which you are on. What do you want to know from Director Comey?   MARCO RUBIO: Well, obviously, look, these media reports that are out there raise questions and deserve answers. What did the president say?   Did in fact you keep memos? What do those memos say? And why did you write them? And what was your feeling? And the American public deserves to know the answers to that. I think that's fair to the president. I think that's fair to former Director Comey. And I think that fair to the country.   JOHN DICKERSON: What did you make of the New York Times report which apparently came just from the notes taken by White House note takers in the meeting between the president and the Russians in which the president said, "I just fired the head of the F.B.I. He was crazy, a real nut job. I faced great pressure because or Russia. That's taken off"?   MARCO RUBIO: Well, I haven't seen the notes. I told people earlier this week I had a conversation with the White House. People that were in that meeting, they denied that anything had been said in that meeting that could compromise sources, methods, or information with regards to intelligence.   They said there were no transcripts. They said there were notes. I encouraged them to make those notes available to the committees. That has not happened. And, of course, apparently someone has discussed them, or leaked them, or what have you. But we haven't seen them. So I don't know if that's an accurate description of what's in the notes.   And that's why it's important that the Intelligence Committee and those conducting this inquiry look at them. Play Video Face The Nation Sen. Rubio: We need to confront all the human rights violators in the world Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Florida, believes the White House must publicly address all human rights violators, including those nations that cooperate wi... JOHN DICKERSON: That's right. And there were two elements of that meeting with the Russians. One, possible classified information that was handed over. The other, this question about what may have been said about James Comey. Is one thing you're interested in at least with respect to Comey though whether there was an attempt to interfere with the investigation by the president?   MARCO RUBIO: Well, look. That's a relevant question that needs to be asked. And it needs to be answered. But the question is: How are they asked and answered? Do you do it through the press? Or do you do it through the processes that are now moving forward? Director Mueller or former Director Mueller has now been appointed.   I think virtually everyone has full confidence that he's going to conduct a thorough and fair investigation and a look at all of these things and give answers. And we're now going to look at it and continue to look at it from a counter-intelligence perspective. And that's our job.   JOHN DICKERSON: I wanted to get your response to something the White House said about Director Comey that bears on foreign policy. Now, Sean Spicer, the press secretary, said that by grandstanding and politicizing the investigation into Russian actions James Comey created unnecessary pressure on our ability to engage and negotiate with Russia. Do you think that's right?   MARCO RUBIO: Well, that may be the White House's opinion. I don't necessarily share that 100%, assuming that that's in fact what Director Comey was doing. I don't think that that does. Because at the end of the day, the United States of America remains a major factor, if not the major factor, on the global stage.   And American foreign policy resides not solely in the hands of the White House but also the Congress. As you know, there is plenty of votes in Congress for additional sanctions. So I don't necessarily believe that it undermined our ability to deal with the Russians. That's my view of it. Obviously the White House has a different take.   JOHN DICKERSON: Isn't—   MARCO RUBIO: But I don't think that.   JOHN DICKERSON: Isn't it, senator, also the fact that the Russians by trying to meddle in the election undermined the U.S. ability to negotiate with the Russians?   MARCO RUBIO: Well, certainly, I mean, it's a factor in our relationship. There is no doubt. And that should be the core focus of the Intel Committee's work, is to lay out to the American people not just what Russia did. I think we have a pretty good view of that already. But how they did it, and what it means for the future, and what we should be doing about it.   JOHN DICKERSON: Let me ask you about this report that classified information was given. The president said he was giving information to the Russians in that meeting in order to help them, quote, "Greatly step up their fight against ISIS and terrorism." Do you think that's a possibility? That by giving them information that the Russians will step up and help with ISIS?   MARCO RUBIO: Well, two things. First of all, I don't know what the Russians knew already, number one. Or at least I won't discuss that. Number two, I'm not sure that's what the president did, that he gave them that sort of information. Everybody that was in the room that I've spoken to denies that that's what happened.   But obviously that'll be a focus of the inquiries as we move forward. And, number three, I think the Russians, if they cooperate against terrorism, it will be to the extent that it's in their interest vis-à-vis their view of the United States. Who they define as terrorists is not simply ISIS.   They also define as terrorists virtually any group on the ground that is confronting Assad. We're focused on radical jihadists. They're focused not just on that but anybody who is trying to get rid of Assad.   JOHN DICKERSON: Senator McConnell, a Republican leader in the Senate, said that he'd like a little less drama out of the White House. Do you share that view?   MARCO RUBIO: Well, look. I mean, I don't understand why people are that shocked. This president ran a very unconventional campaign. I was there for a big part of it at the beginning alongside being one of his competitors. And that's what the American people voted for. And in essence, you know, this White House is not much different from the campaign.   I mean, people got what they voted for. They elected him. Obviously it's in the best interest of this country to try to help him succeed. As far as the drama's concerned, yeah, I mean, it's unique. It's different from anything we've ever confronted. I think our job remains to do our work.   We'll have to deal with these issues. These issues come up, these questions every single day. And I do think the White House would benefit from some systems in place that perhaps avoid some of the unnecessary friction points that come up on a daily basis. But this is also the political environment we now live in, too. I mean, politics are covered this way.   And politicians also behave in this way because they know they can get attention for saying things one way or the other. It's just the way politics has moved. I don't think it's good for the country. But that's where we're headed for now apparently.   JOHN DICKERSON: Let me ask you a question about how you see the Trump administration and the message they send about human rights. On the one hand, this week the administration sanctioned eight Venezuelan judges. And you said, it's an issue you've been working on, "The United States is not going to allow those who impede democracy to violate human rights." But then on the other hand the administration towards countries like Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Russia even seems to have a more muted public voice about human rights. How are we to weigh those two differences? MARCO RUBIO: Well, it's not an approach that I entirely agree with. I certainly believe that we need to confront Venezuela, and Cuba, and Iran, and all the human rights violators in the world. And the White House is willing to do so publicly for nations that are hostile towards the United States. They believe- And it's a point of disagreement.   But they believe that on the countries that are cooperative with us on other issues, like Saudi Arabia, like Egypt, we should privately confront them on the issues of human rights, that you'll get a better result that way. Now, I have a different take on it. I believe human rights are important for us to speak about publicly.   The human rights activists in those countries would agree because they're demoralized when they don't hear it. But in fairness, the White House has gotten results. I remember raising the issue of Aya Hijazi repeatedly with the White House. They raised it in private with Egypt. She was released.   Sandy Phan-Gillis was being held unjustly ion China. I raised it with the White House. They raised it privately with the Chinese. She was released. So I do want to acknowledge they have gotten results through their approach. But I think from a broader perspective I disagree with it.   I've told them that. They know it's a point of disagreement with me. Because I believe that these countries, Egypt, Saudi Arabia, and the like, are not sustainable in the long term if they continue to systemically violate the rights of their people.   JOHN DICKERSON: Okay. Senator Marco Rubio, thanks so much for being with us.   MARCO RUBIO: Thank you. Thanks. © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email More Face The Nation What makes an effective president? John Dickerson has quizzed a number of newsmakers and experienced policy hands on the traits and attributes a president needs to succeed – here’s what they said Focus group discusses Americans' views on Trump A group of voters in Richmond, Va., talked to "Face the Nation" about their views on the president's first month and where the country is headed Popular Follow Us Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Newsletters Our Podcast Subscribe for free to our Face the Nation Diary, hosted by John Dickerson Popular on CBS News 01 Pippa Middleton gets married in almost-royal wedding 89296 views 02 How to watch the 2017 Preakness Stakes 50363 views 03 Trump signs $110 billion arms deal with Saudis 45369 views 04 Nation Tracker: Core Trump supporters dig in; others grow nervous 40867 views 05 Cloud Computing wins Preakness Stakes 27809 views Watch CBSN Live Watch CBS News anytime, anywhere with the new 24/7 digital news network. Stream CBSN live or on demand for FREE on your TV, computer, tablet, or smartphone. Watch Now 188 Photos FTN: Behind the scenes Previous Next Face on Twitter Tweets from @FaceTheNation/team New Fire TV App CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Search Copyright © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved.
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out10:01 GMT +322 May 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm World In Focus Fault Lines Photo Video Infographics Live Search Russia's Offer to Hand Trump-Lavrov Talk Transcript to US 'Unprecedented' Step © AP Photo/ Alex Brandon World 18:05 21.05.2017(updated 18:12 21.05.2017) Get short URL 5914161 In an interview with Sputnik, Russian political analyst Grigory Dobromelov heaped praise on President Vladimir Putin's recent statement about Russia's readiness to provide US Congress with a transcript of the Trump-Lavrov Talks. © Photo: RUSSIAN FOREIGN MINISTRY Putin Says Russia Ready to Provide US Congress With Transcript of Trump-Lavrov TalksEarlier this week, Russian President Vladimir Putin commented on claims alleging that US President Donald Trump provided secret information to Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov during their meeting in Washington. Putin said that Russia is ready to provide the US Congress with the transcript of the talks between Trump and Lavrov if Washington considers it appropriate. "If the US administration considers it appropriate, we are ready to provide the US Senate and Congress with the transcript of the talks between Lavrov and Trump," Puitn said. He added that it could happen only "if the US Administration wants it, of course." McMaster on Trump talk with Russian officials: He feels "hamstrung in his ability to work with Russia" https://t.co/2VPOZAeech pic.twitter.com/9pLlQwno8W — The Hill (@thehill) 21 мая 2017 г. Putin's statement came after the Washington Post reported that Trump allegedly told Lavrov and Russia's Ambassador to the United States Sergey Kislyak information about a terror threat involving laptops on airplanes. The information reportedly came from a US partner through an intelligence-sharing agreement. Speaking to Sputnik, Russian political analyst Grigory Dobromelov said that similar scandals "indicate the American establishment's inability to cope with the political rift that arose right after the election of President Donald Trump." "The very fact that all this was commented upon by the head of another state reveals the depth of the contradictions that are now in place between different groups of the US political elite. First and foremost, it reflects the level of distrust among Trump's opponents in his team," Dobromelov said. He praised Russia's "non-standard yet meticulously adjusted" reaction to "this rather non-standard development of the situation." "It's absolutely clear that the US media could have asked the Trump Administration to give this information," Dobromelov said, referring to the US media's main task "to discredit Trump and his attempts to build a constructive dialogue with Russia." "That's why Russia is also ready to take unprecedented steps in terms of transparency, right down to providing [confidential] information that would have never been published under any other circumstances," he concluded. Trump met Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and Russian Ambassador to the US Sergey Kislyak on May 10. © Photo: RUSSIAN FOREIGN MINISTRY What's Behind Bogus Story About Trump Sharing Sensitive Intel Data With RussiaDenying the claims about his giving secret information to Russian officials, the US President at the same time said that he had "an absolute right" to share facts regardin terrorism and air flight safety with Russians. Earlier, US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said that the claims are false, and that Trump, in a meeting with Lavrov and Kislyak, had discussed a wide range of issues related to counterterrorism, but had not mentioned sources, methods or military operations. Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed! ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 161 Related: Americans Split on Whether Trump-Russia Ties Pose Security Threat Special Counsel Vital in Trump-Russia Probe as Allegations Get Ahead of Facts Trump Calls Appointment of Special Prosecutor in Russia Probe ‘Witch Hunt’ What is 'Obstruction of Justice'? Special Counsel Takes Over Trump-Russia Probe Leaks on Trump Sharing Info With Russia Put US Security at Risk - McMaster Tags: attempts, information, dialogue, media, Donald Trump, Sergei Lavrov, United States, Russia TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All commentsShow more comments (20) Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 09:44Bus Comes Off Road in Southern Mexico Leaving at Least 12 People Dead 09:28Over 15,000 Small Businesses Resume Work in Syria's Aleppo 09:02Latvia Accepted 60% of Refugees Under EU Relocation Scheme 08:48Over 30Mln People Internally Displaced Globally in 2016 08:25Tram-Truck Collision in Southeast Australia Leaves at Least 29 People InjuredAll news Russian FM Lavrov Refutes Claims That He Discussed Comey's Dismissal With Trump 119385 Canada Warns it May Cancel $2 Billion Super Hornet Buy Over Boeing Probe 8328 Why is the US Bombing Assad's Troops and How is It Connected With James Comey? 7564 US Redeploys Aircraft Carrier to Korean Peninsula, But It Isn't About Pyongyang 7429 Chat Between Top Diplomats Signals China, US Are Moving Closer on North Korea 7098All news Russian FM Lavrov Refutes Claims That He Discussed Comey's Dismissal With Trump 97 No More Money for Nothing: Trump’s Budget Proposal May Frustrate Ukraine, Others 29 US Attack on Syrian Convoy 'Government Terrorism' - Syrian Negotiator in Geneva 27 Coalition Attack on Syria Might Signal US' Interest in Country's Oil Resources 26 Why is the US Bombing Assad's Troops and How is It Connected With James Comey? 23All news Recommended Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Guardian of the East: The Might of Russian Pacific Fleet Robert E. See You Later Russia's Black Sea Fleet, More Than Two Centuries on Duty News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
Search Follow Us! StockTwits Twitter Toggle navigation ETF News Best ETFs Best ETF Categories Upgrades/Downgrades SMART Grades™ ETF Screener Tools ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETFs Hold Your Stock Find ETFs By Leverage Find ETFs By Asset Class ETF Newsletter Search Can Crude Oil (USO) Survive Upcoming Car Ownership Plunge, Electric Revolution? May 21, 2017 7:31am NYSE:USO ShareTweet From Jon LeSage: With all of the global fascination over Uber, Lyft, shared rides, mobility services, and automated driving, a historic question inevitably comes up: Will new vehicle sales plunge because of it? Stanford professor Tony Seba predicts by 2030, 95 percent of consumers in the world won’t own a car; and that all cars will be electric by 2025. Seba gives figures based on what new technologies like smartphones, such as Apple’s iPhone, have done to cause revolutionary changes in concentrated periods of time. Seba’s viewpoint is considered to be too farfetched by many, but many analysts predict huge changes in transportation over the next decade – driven by explosive growth in Uber and Lyft rides, major moves by automakers in mobility services, and how viable autonomous vehicles appear to be in the relatively near future. We’ve also seen significant forecasts coming from oil industry majors like Total S.A. and Shell about oil consumption declining by about 2030. Their economist reports point to growth in alternative fuels and technologies like vehicle electrification, and strict government regulatory mandates coming down in Europe and China. There are few other experts who would disagree with vehicles sales taking a dive. Mustafa Mohatarem, chief economist for General Motors, earlier this month said that he doesn’t expect to see surging growth in Lyft and Uber rides, and carsharing through Maven and Zipcar, along with the introduction of autonomous vehicles, to mean we’ll see a lot less vehicles on roads in the next 10 years. With drivers of these shared rides putting 25,000 to 50,000 miles per year on their cars, it will accelerate the replacement cycle, he said. Car sales aren’t likely to drop significantly, he said. While cars are better made than they were a decade ago, putting 50,000 miles a year on a new car means that hitting the 150,000-mile benchmark can happen in less than three years. That car had been more likely to be owned seven-to-10 years, and sometimes longer. Automakers will continue selling these cars, and they will need fuel. On the self-driving car front, more corporate deals continue being made. Google’s Waymo self-driving car unit and Lyft just announced a partnership bringing self-driving rides to roads. Google had initially been in discussions with Uber about that type of arrangement and had invested significantly in the ride-hailing giant. That’s ended in debacle as the companies have pulled away and entered their own phases of autonomous vehicle testing. A lawsuit filed by Waymo over alleged stolen intellectual property from its self-driving technology, has placed a deep wedge between the two companies. Several other companies have joined into the automated vehicle and mobility service front, including Apple, Tesla, Ford, General Motors, BMW, Intel, Uber, Lyft, and several more. It’s a very hot topic right now, but we’re still a few years out from seeing the technology tested and approved for safety. It is moving forward much faster than expected. With rapid growth seen in ride-hailing services, and related mobility services from startups and major companies, transportation is in the process of seeing historic change. What that will mean for car sales and fuel consumption is yet to be seen. The United States Oil Fund LP ETF (NYSE:USO) closed at $10.48 on Friday, up $0.22 (+2.14%). Year-to-date, USO has declined -10.58%, versus a 6.61% rise in the benchmark S&P 500 index during the same period. USO currently has an ETF Daily News SMART Grade of C (Neutral), and is ranked #53 of 127 ETFs in the Commodity ETFs category. This article is brought to you courtesy of OilPrice.com. Tags: commodity electric cars energy NYSE:USO oil Categories: NYSE:USO Read Next Lack Of New Oil Discoveries Could Finally Spur Crude Price Rally Oil’s Plunge This Week Was Predicted By Bearish Technical Pattern Crude Oil Plunges As Production Surges To 20 Month Highs Oil Behemoths Are Underestimating The Electric, Driverless Car Revolution Oil Prices Plunge On Massive U.S. Crude Inventory Build Recommended for You Get Free Updates Join over 50,000 investors who get the latest news from ETFDailyNews.com! Subscribe Most Popular Opportunities Emerge As Trump Trade Unwinds As SEC Reviews Bitcoin ETF Again, An Ethereum ETF Might Come First GDX, GDXJ Look Vulnerable To Potential U.S. Dollar Rebound Our Exclusive Tools Best ETFs List Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETF Holds Your Stock Search ETFs By Leverage Search ETFs By Asset Class Sponsored Content From Our Partners Explore More from ETFDailyNews.com Free Daily Newsletter Get daily ETF insights from our market experts. Never miss another important market development again! Sign Me Up ETFDailyNews.com respects your privacy. Best ETFs We've rated and ranked nearly 2,000 ETFs and ETNs using our proprietary SMART Grade system. View Top Rated ETFs Best Categories We've ranked dozens of ETF categories based on relative performance. Best ETF Categories ©2017 ETF Daily News About Us | Authors | Contact Us | Terms of Use
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out10:01 GMT +322 May 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm World In Focus Fault Lines Photo Video Infographics Live Search Pentagon Spending Extra Fuel Money on Training of Syrian Opposition, Afghan War © AP Photo/ Muhammed Muheisen US 14:48 21.05.2017Get short URL 0 76119 Since 2015, some $60 million from the Pentagon fuel funds were spent on training of Syrian armed opposition and some $1.4 billion – on "unanticipated expenses" in Afghanistan, according to media reports. © AFP 2017/ Thomas WATKINS US Sending More Troops to Afghanistan Will Only Worsen Situation for EveryoneMOSCOW (Sputnik) — Pentagon has been spending extra money from the agency’s fuel budget to train the Syrian armed opposition and cover the Afghan war expenses, the Washington Post newspaper reported, citing military accounting records. According to the media, the agency has generated some $6 billion since 2010, charging the country’s armed forces excessive prices for fuel. Since 2015, some $60 million from these funds were spent on training of Syrian armed opposition and some $1.4 billion – on "unanticipated expenses" in Afghanistan. Another $450 million were spent on the drug-prescription program for the military personnel, reportedly heavily exploited by insurance scammers, the media added. © REUTERS/ Yuri Gripas Syrian Govt, Opposition Unlikely to Reach Political Deal in 2017 - US Intel HeadThe US Department of Defense is the world’s largest single fuel consumer, the media stressed, noting that the agency buys some 100 million barrels of refined petroleum per year. The DoD then resells the fuel to its military departments – US Air Force, Navy, Marine Corps and others – at a fixed price, which is considerably higher than the prices on the open market. In March 2017, US President Donald Trump requested $639 billion for the DoD for the fiscal year 2018, which is $52 billion more than in 2017. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 19 Related: Syrian Govt, Opposition Unlikely to Reach Political Deal in 2017 - US Intel Head US Backing for 'Moderate Opposition' in Syria Remains Obstacle to Peace Process Syrian Opposition Claims Kurds Provided With 48 Vehicles, 250 Troops by US US Sending More Troops to Afghanistan Will Only Worsen Situation for Everyone Tags: Pentagon, Syria, Afghanistan, United States TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All commentsShow more comments (20) Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 09:44Bus Comes Off Road in Southern Mexico Leaving at Least 12 People Dead 09:28Over 15,000 Small Businesses Resume Work in Syria's Aleppo 09:02Latvia Accepted 60% of Refugees Under EU Relocation Scheme 08:48Over 30Mln People Internally Displaced Globally in 2016 08:25Tram-Truck Collision in Southeast Australia Leaves at Least 29 People InjuredAll news Russian FM Lavrov Refutes Claims That He Discussed Comey's Dismissal With Trump 119385 Canada Warns it May Cancel $2 Billion Super Hornet Buy Over Boeing Probe 8328 Why is the US Bombing Assad's Troops and How is It Connected With James Comey? 7564 US Redeploys Aircraft Carrier to Korean Peninsula, But It Isn't About Pyongyang 7429 Chat Between Top Diplomats Signals China, US Are Moving Closer on North Korea 7098All news Russian FM Lavrov Refutes Claims That He Discussed Comey's Dismissal With Trump 97 No More Money for Nothing: Trump’s Budget Proposal May Frustrate Ukraine, Others 29 US Attack on Syrian Convoy 'Government Terrorism' - Syrian Negotiator in Geneva 27 Coalition Attack on Syria Might Signal US' Interest in Country's Oil Resources 26 Why is the US Bombing Assad's Troops and How is It Connected With James Comey? 23All news Recommended Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Guardian of the East: The Might of Russian Pacific Fleet Robert E. See You Later Russia's Black Sea Fleet, More Than Two Centuries on Duty News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
Jump to navigation Login Register Home Car Reviews Car News Video Opinion Shanghai Motor Show 6 issues for £1 Next Generation Award The future of the car: an Autocar guide Automotive tech is advancing at an incredible rate and the motoring landscape is set to change forever. Don't be confused with our special report Volkswagen Sedric There could be economy and premium versions of Sedric in different sizes Virtual reality and 3D-printing are helping to shape car interiors Move over virtual reality, 'mixed reality' has arrived Move over virtual reality, 'mixed reality' has arrived Move over virtual reality, 'mixed reality' has arrived Brace yourself for the 48V jolt Brace yourself for the 48V jolt Brace yourself for the 48V jolt Brace yourself for the 48V jolt Batteries vs conventional fuel: how do they compare? Who's doing what with autonomous cars? Who's doing what with autonomous cars? Hacking could become an issue if cars aren't properly protected Can electric cars crack the range barrier? Can electric cars crack the range barrier? Close by Autocar 21 May 2017 Follow @@autocar Whether it's new powertrains, in-car technology or self-driving cars, automotive technology is advancing at an incredible rate. New technology and systems are reinventing many of the fundamentals of the car, and the motoring landscape is going to change forever as a result. But with so much change going on, and so much new terminology, it's easy to get confused. So we produced a special report to guide you through it. Read on to learn about the future of the car. 1: What makes a connected car? The term ‘connected’ is probably second only to ‘autonomous’ on the automotive industry’s list of future-car buzzwords. In its simplest form, a connected car is one with a built-in internet connection. Connected cars already exist thanks to the widespread use of LTE/4G cellular networks for infotainment, fleet management and safety functions (think Vauxhall OnStar). In the near future, the combination of the Dedicated ShortRange Communications (DSRC) wireless communications standard and faster cellular links will open the door to new safety and convenience features, but car makers, technology suppliers and road operators will need to collaborate so vehicles can talk to each other and the wider world. If all goes to plan, connected car technologies, such as real-time satnav mapping and vehicle-to-vehicle (V2V) communications, will make highly automated driving, and even full autonomy, possible just a few years from now.  Here we take a look at some of the key issues and areas of development in the automotive technology industry. Connected cars: Mobile connectivity vs security Cars can already be operated via a mobile phone, or have their specifications changed through over-the-air (OTA) software upgrades. But increasing connectivity to other vehicles and infrastructure increases the risk of your family transport being hacked, so car makers are working with suppliers, such as Harman and Magna, to ensure that cyber security doesn’t become a problem for connected cars. New software will not only mitigate an attack but also log the details so manufacturers can spot patterns and fix any weak spots via OTA updates. Why communication is key for future cars Vehicle-to-infrastructure (V2I) communication via DSRC roadside units will require cars to interact with infrastructure such as traffic lights and junctions. A combination of V2I and V2V (see below) could eliminate collisions at blind junctions, for example. By integrating this data with digital maps in the Cloud in real time, vehicle navigation systems will be updated every few seconds rather than every few minutes, by faster cellular connections. Trials of these technologies are already under way by suppliers such as Here, Panasonic, Orange and Ericsson, working in combination with road operators and car companies in Europe, the US and beyond. Mobile home, mobile office, mobile life: connected cars to the Internet of Things Mobile phones have become central to people’s lives and car makers have been quick to respond by improving car-to-phone connectivity and adding Apple CarPlay and Android Auto to the specification sheet. If recent concept cars and a gaggle of new partnerships between auto and tech companies are anything to go by, life inside and outside the car is set to become ever more closely integrated, with the car becoming a part of the same digital ‘ecosystem’ that contains everything from your appointments calendar to your Internet of Things-connected fridge. A digital assistant from the likes of Amazon, Microsoft, Apple or Google could run your life, whether you’re on the sofa at home, behind the wheel or in the office. How connected cars can boost vehicle safety Cars will communicate with other nearby vehicles and share information about the road conditions and hazards ahead. The DSRC already fitted to the Cadillac CTS, for example, can handle 1000 messages per second from vehicles up to 300 metres away. When a V2V-equipped car engages its stability control, brakes hard or switches on its hazard lights, drivers behind are alerted to give them more time to react, in turn smoothing the traffic flow. In Honda’s Safe Swarm vision, DSRC-connected cars will move seamlessly and safely together, like a shoal of fish.   2: The future of electric vehicles - can they crack the range barrier? Can the EV ever replace petrol and diesel cars, or will they only work for short journeys? Dave Greenwood, professor of advanced propulsion at the Warwick Manufacturing Group (WMG), also heads battery development at the Advanced Propulsion Centre. He thinks that expecting the EV to one day match the range of a petrol or diesel car may be unnecessary for most drivers. “Ninety eight percent of journeys are less than 50 miles,” he says. “If we continue the race for range with EVs then very few journeys would take advantage of that. The cost of increasing the range of an EV from 100 miles to 200 miles would double.” Based on today’s prices, that would mean a jump in battery price from £5000 to £10,000 for a car the size of a Nissan Leaf, just to allow for occasional long trips. “A more realistic scenario is that buyers would purchase a mobility package including an affordable EV to use daily for shorter journeys, then book a car from their dealer for longer trips,” Greenwood adds. Nevertheless, the energy density of lithium ion batteries is improving and it is this that EV range depends upon. The size and weight of today’s batteries has more to do with mechanical rather than chemical elements. “Only 35% of the battery’s mass is electrically active,” Greenwood says. The rest of the weight comes from the electrical equipment and the ‘Russian doll’ packaging of components within components. “Even if we did nothing to the chemistry we could reasonably double the energy density,” he adds. “WMG has demonstrated technology with 80% better energy density than current batteries.” Today only a tiny percentage of cars are EVs, but if the numbers rise, charging will present challenges. “Charging speed and infrastructure will matter more than range,” says Stephen Doyle, Ricardo’s head of hybrid and electrical products. Faster charging requires more powerful chargers and batteries capable of receiving that power. Tesla’s superchargers currently charge at a maximum rate of 120kW per car, but Doyle predicts an alternative to Tesla’s network “pushing that up to 150kW”. Beyond that, ultra-fast charging at 350kW is being researched in Europe and the US, and the Ultra E consortium, including Audi, BMW and utility companies, has said it will deliver 25 350kW stations by next year. One of the challenges is heat. “Charging at 120kW generates about 10kW of heat,” says Doyle, but 350kW generates more like 50kW, or the equivalent of 16 domestic room heaters. “Inductive ‘wireless’ charging by parking over a pad is limited to 22kW on passenger cars to meet electromagnetic compatibility standards and ensure there’s no impact on pacemakers or electrical devices like phones,” adds Doyle. Lithium ion chemistry is likely to dominate for at least a decade, but the use of different materials should increase range. Much later, other improvements may include a move to smaller, lighter batteries filled with solid rather than liquid electrolyte.   3: The future of self-driving cars - when a car becomes a mobility service The Sedric is the Volkswagen Group’s self-driving car of the future. The concept itself won’t make production but much of the technology will – in around 10 years’ time, says the firm. The technology could appear in all VW Group brands including Audi, Bentley, Bugatti, Seat, Skoda and includes just three controls – Go, Stop and Call – as well as advanced voice control tech that will be able to run all but the crucial systems. Volkswagen says self-driving cars will first find favour in controlled environments such as factories and car parks, then for car sharing before finally reaching private ownership. Sedric pods could be private or public. Public pods could be identified when they arrive by colour and audio, so the visually impaired can use them.  An array of sensors includes a 360deg Light Detection And Ranging (LIDAR), camera and radar sensors. The system gives ‘triple redundancy,’ each method covering the other in case of confusion or failure.   4: The future of hydrogen cars - why they're a matter of when, not if  Hydrogen fuel cells combine hydrogen and airborne oxygen to make electricity, with only water and heat as by-products. A fuel cell electric vehicle (FCEV) is simply an EV that uses a fuel cell as its source of electricity. The fuel cell’s hydrogen supply can be replenished at a pump in about the same time as it takes to refuel a conventional car, and fuel cells could take over as the favourite power source for EVs beyond 2025. Experts are split over the benefits, arguing that producing hydrogen, compressing or liquefying it, transporting it then filling a car with it all consumes too much energy to be efficient. There is a compelling argument for hydrogen, though. It is the most abundant element in the Universe, it can be made sustainably, it can be manufactured at the point of sale and it can be used for energy storage, by producing it using surplus off-peak electricity.Ford, GM, Honda, Hyundai, Mercedes and Toyota have been serious about fuel cell vehicles since the late 1990s, with GM, Toyota, Hyundai and Honda still pursuing the technology. GM and Honda have extended a partnership formed in 2013 to collaborate on fuel cell technology. In January this year, the two companies opened a £68.5 million joint venture, called Fuel Cell System Manufacturing, to begin the mass production of fuel cells by 2020. GM made its first fuel cell vehicle in the 1960s and has since invested £2.4bn in fuel cell tech. FCEVs represent a re-invention of the wheel in a business sense, so there’s a compelling reason for car manufacturers to grab a piece of the action, while oil companies are looking for something to produce when the oil runs out.   5: Cars and technology - move over virtual reality, 'mixed reality' has arrived Advanced software originally developed for gaming is now being used to help designers and engineers use virtual reality to create the next generation of in-car displays. Behind every great video game, whether it be on an Xbox, Playstation or PC, lies a software ‘engine’ on which images are created in real time, 90 times a second, rather than decided upon in advance and then stored for later use. It’s this technology that makes today’s computer games so compelling and dynamic. Software company Unreal Engine Enterprises has made the jump from gaming to automotive. Using its technology, BMW has developed ‘mixed reality’ environments using virtual reality headsets to overlay images on basic 3D-printed models of car interiors. What users touch may be a simple and quickly produced rendition, but what they see is the finished thing. “This creates a relationship between virtual reality and the real world,” explains Unreal Engine Enterprise director Simon Jones. “When you open the door, you feel the weight of the door, when you sit in the car you smell the leather and feel it compress, and when you reach for the steering wheel you can feel it.” The same high-speed imaging technology is expected to revolutionise in-car displays. Jones is seeing a move towards displays that occupy entire dashboard areas, with context-sensitive information more closely related to what the driver is doing.    6: The future of electic cars - brace yourself for the 48V jolt In the next two to three years most premium cars going on sale will be 48V mild hybrids, and the lower echelons of the market are likely to follow suit. These 48V systems will also help to meet the increasing demand for connected car and infotainment features, more advanced driver assistance systems, electric superchargers and autonomous technology. The Audi SQ7 is the first production car with a 48V electrical system and electrically powered compressor (EPC). The 48V technology is relatively simple and cheap to add to existing vehicle architectures and integrate with 12V electrics. A belt-integrated starter-generator (BiSG) can be bolted to the engine in place of the existing 12V generator. The addition of a beefier drive belt means it can provide a smoother, faster-acting stop-start function and also feed torque to assist the engine. Blending the BiSG’s regenerative braking with the mechanical brakes using its Structure Engine Control architecture, automotive tech supplier Delphi says it can capture 85% of the braking energy available in the forthcoming Worldwide Harmonised Light Vehicles Test Procedure (WLTP) fuel test cycle. The 48V systems also fall below the 60V threshold for costly highvoltage classification. “A plug-in hybrid is 10 times the cost,” says Mary Gustanski, a senior vice president of engineering at Delphi. “That’s what makes the technology so attractive. When you step on the accelerator you have a flawless launch, and you cannot tell you’re using stop-start.”    7: Who's doing what with autonomous cars? Be in no doubt: fully autonomous cars are on the way and most manufacturers are working hard to develop them. Here’s what the major players are up to: BMW Group Showed-off its first serious autonomous technology, in collaboration with Bosch, back in 2013. BMW Group teamed up with Mobileye, a specialist in computer vision and machine learning, and Intel. Mobileye’s data software will be installed in 2018 BMWs to accelerate the creation of digital mapping. Ford Ford expects the autonomous car to have the same impact as the Model T: huge. It has pledged to make autonomous cars available to everyone, not just the wealthy. General Motors GM currently has a fleet of 40 vehicles on test in California. The US giant began testing on public roads in Michigan in 2016. Hyundai and Kia Both Korean brands have announced they will be selling partially autonomous cars by 2020, with the first fully autonomous cars following in 2030. Jaguar Land Rover JLR is creating a fleet of more than 100 vehicles to test and develop connected car and autonomous vehicle technologies over the next four years. It has also demonstrated vehicles capable of overtaking without driver intervention. Daimler Mercedes is chasing autonomous tech aggressively. Its S500 Intelligent Drive research car completed a 62-mile drive from Mannheim to Pforzheim back in 2013, and the company has recently announced a collaboration with Bosch. Nissan Has committed to delivering cars with a “significant” level of autonomy by 2020. The new Leaf and Qashqai will both be equipped with ProPILOT autonomous drive tech for single-lane autonomous driving on motorways. PSA Group Peugeot’s 300bhp Instinct PHEV concept can switch between Drive and Autonomous modes for do-it-yourself driving or fully autonomous operation. Four Citroën C4 Picassos have covered 37,000 miles in testing. Tesla Has a habit of taking huge leaps forward rather than adopting the cautious linear progression preferred by other manufacturers. In January it rolled out the second generation of Autopilot on its Hardware 2 platform. It has 360deg vision from eight cameras, 12 ultrasonic sensors and forward-facing radar. Volkswagen Group The Self DRIving Car (Sedric) shown at the Geneva motor show in March illustrates the company’s plans to become a mobility provider. Ideas from its new Future Centres are made available to the individual brands within the group. Volvo The Chinese-owned Swedish car maker started the Drive Me project last year in Gothenburg with an autonomous XC90 SUV. It also joined forces with Uber in a £241 million project.  The six levels of autonomy explained 0 - No automation. Driver in full control, even when helped by warning or intervention systems. 1 - Level one is when an advanced driver assistance system (ADAS) is in play. 2 - Partial automation takes place when more than one ADAS is functioning. 3 - Conditional automation denotes automated driving, with the driver responding to requests to intervene. 4 - High automation: the automated system can cope even if the driver doesn’t respond to a request to intervene. 5 - Full automation: the fully driverless car. It does what a human can do.   8: Batteries vs conventional fuel: how do they compare? Today one of the most powerful EV batteries ‘fuelling’ the £129,400 Tesla Model S P100D is the size of a queen-size mattress, weighs more than half a tonne and stores 100kWh of energy. The battery would be too big and too expensive for use in a small EV. The price of lithium ion batteries has fallen over the past five years but still stands at around £200 per kWh, so the approximate cost of a 100kWh battery is £20,000. Compared like for like, there’s still a yawning chasm between the weight, space and cost efficiency of battery energy storage compared to that petrol or diesel, especially when it comes to small, non-premium cars. Experts say this is improving, though. How about the cost of the energy? At the moment, electricity is about 12p/kWh. The 100kWh battery contains around £12 worth of electricity, although not all of that can be used. Two gallons of diesel also stores 100kWh worth of petrol or diesel and costs around £12. The range of a Tesla S P100D is a claimed 381 miles, but two gallons of diesel would take a Tesla S competitor only around 60 miles. The EV scores higher here because it’s electric powertrain is more efficient at converting stored energy to mechanical energy. Around 80% of the usable energy stored in an EV battery reaches the wheels, whereas only around 20% of the energy stored in petrol or diesel makes it to the road, mainly due to the inefficiency of combustion engines. If EVs one day take the place of petrol and diesel cars completely, expect heavier taxation, either on the energy used to charge them or on some other aspect of driving.  Jesse Crosse and Graham Heeps Tweet Widget Facebook Like Google Plus One Tweet Widget Facebook Like Google Plus One Our Verdict Tesla Model S In theory, this all-electric luxury car looks a hit. So is it in practice? Join the debate Comments 9 289 Wow! 21 May 2017 Clearly I am a Dinosaur since there is not one thing here that either interests me, would make my life better or excites me. Not one question ever asked answered here......like where to put my take away curry when driving home and keep it warm for example. Instead i see loads of tech which will go wrong, be expensive to maintain/repair, and just make it easier for nerds to access our data and probably our cars too. A connected car.....? I have never needed this and will never need this in the future.....especially as Google etc. will mercilessly lift this data and monitor my every move (probably selling this info to our beloved Government in the process), and then send me all those nice little 'messages' (read unwanted and unsolicited adverts) I am thrilled that I will be too old to have this shit effect me by the time it is standard kit. Log in or register to post comments artill 289 wrote: 21 May 2017 289 wrote: Clearly I am a Dinosaur since there is not one thing here that either interests me, would make my life better or excites me. Not one question ever asked answered here......like where to put my take away curry when driving home and keep it warm for example. Instead i see loads of tech which will go wrong, be expensive to maintain/repair, and just make it easier for nerds to access our data and probably our cars too. A connected car.....? I have never needed this and will never need this in the future.....especially as Google etc. will mercilessly lift this data and monitor my every move (probably selling this info to our beloved Government in the process), and then send me all those nice little 'messages' (read unwanted and unsolicited adverts) I am thrilled that I will be too old to have this shit effect me by the time it is standard kit. Another dinosaur here. I dont want anything on offer here either. I laughed out loud at the thought i would go to the dealership to get a car for a longer journey rather than just in and go. Autocar doesnt cover public transport, do reports on the latest bus or phone for that matter. These arent cars, they are a tech product and belong somewhere else. Autocar should stick to cars! Log in or register to post comments cmscot Well done 21 May 2017 Great article. Really interesting to see a summary of all these new techs in one place. Would have been even better if a set of links were provided for further reading. One thing not mentioned is inductive charging on the move. A toll-charged motorway lane giving an electric charge would be a great way to sort out EV range anxiety for long journeys. Log in or register to post comments Peter Cavellini Hmmm? 21 May 2017 cmscot wrote: Great article. Really interesting to see a summary of all these new techs in one place. Would have been even better if a set of links were provided for further reading. One thing not mentioned is inductive charging on the move. A toll-charged motorway lane giving an electric charge would be a great way to sort out EV range anxiety for long journeys. Re toll charging,how long do you think it would take it to go through Parliament?,and then assuming it gets passed,the put out to tender,how long would it take to implement?,where would you start?,and ultimately,would it come in on budget before it was out of date? Peter Cavellini. Log in or register to post comments Peter Cavellini Can't wait!!!!! 21 May 2017 If Roads are going to be gridlocked in and around Cities and Towns,having the Driving stress taken out of your hands is a good idea,the problem is though,what happens if it all goes wrong?,will we all be stuck in one huge Traffic jam?'how will emergency vehicles get to a Crash? For instance.If some boffin can predict all the scenario's of Traffic management and yet another computer program is entrusted with the job of running it them hey ho let's give it a go!! Peter Cavellini. Log in or register to post comments russ13b 2; range 21 May 2017 Peter Cavellini; "If Roads are going to be gridlocked in and around Cities and Towns, having the Driving stress taken out of your hands is a good idea" or, we've left it far to long to start using motorbikes? dear Dave Greenwood. I can't charge an ev at home, having one which would run all week would be great. no, before you ask, i don't pass any convenient charging stations. i have nothing against hybrids and evs, although i find a hybrid with more electrical capacity than it needs for regenerative braking to be simply carrying too much weight and therefore defeating it's own object somewhat. then, i look at all the other things and my first thought is "Colin Chapman must be spinning in his grave". meanwhile, has anyone found themselves wondering why phones are being so integrated into cars and yet we're also being told that phones are the coming of all evil and mean you're guaranteed to crash and kill everyone. the more things they jam in to cars the more i miss actually being able to see out of them properly, and it not feeling like a massive numb sponge. so, mazda have given up on the hydrogen rotary then? they had that running in the 90s. Log in or register to post comments Dilly Surveillance via our cars 21 May 2017 In my opinion this means our governments will be able to monitor us even further. Surely driving will he a luxury that only the wealthiest will be able to afford due to am increase in insurance premiums. AUTONOMY is a fast track to controlling us even further. Maybe the modern day driver requires this but those of us who enjoyed driving at their own free will may have a harder time accepting this ambiguous technological advancement. Darren malcolm Log in or register to post comments spqr Read the Telegraph this week instead 21 May 2017 As pointed out in an excellent article speed limit recognition systems (a vital part of autonomous cars) are so useless that a Peugeot 3008 on test thought the speed limit was 145mph for a large part of a journey. Other cars tested by the journalist thought that the speed limit on Mile End Road was 50mph and another on the same stretch of road determined it was 15mph. As the article states until cars can get the important detail of a speed limit right they cannot be allowed to make life and death decisions autonomously. When it will be safe to allow AI to make the "Speeding Cart" decision will be many decades away. Until the car can pass that test it cannot be allowed on the road without a human in control. Log in or register to post comments fadyady Many moons ago 21 May 2017 Many moons ago when magazines started talking autonomous driving, I asked the question whose fault is the crash in an autonomous vehicle? Is it the driver, the car maker, the software designer, the other party driver or their car maker or software or hardware designer, the computer glitch, the non-updated software, the tuner, or weak GPS signal? It's gonna be a nightmate and I don't look forward to it. Log in or register to post comments Add your comment Log in or register to post comments Find an Autocar car review Choose a makeAbarthAlpineAllardAlfa RomeoAlpinaArielAscariAston MartinAudiBACBentleyBMWBowlerBugattiBYDCadillacCaparoCaterhamChevroletChryslerCitroenDaciaDavid BrownDodgeDSEagleElementalEternitiFerrariFiatFiskerFordGreat WallGeelyGinettaGumpertHennesseyHondaHongqiHyundaiInfinitiIsuzuItalDesignJaguarJeepKen OkuyamaKiaKoenigseggKTMLadaLamborghiniLanciaLand RoverLexusLotusMahindraMarcosMaseratiMaybachMazdaMcLarenMercedes-AMGMercedes-BenzMercedes-MaybachMG MotorMiniMiaMitsubishiMorganMurrayNextEVNissanNobleOpelPaganiPeroduaPeugeotPorscheProtonQorosRadicalRenaultRiversimpleRoeweRolls-RoyceSaabSeatSenovaShelbySkodaSmartSpykerSRTSsangyongSSCSubaruSuzukiTataTeslaTigerToniqToyotaTushekTVRVauxhallVencerVeritasVolkswagenVolvoVuhlWestfieldZenosZenvoZolfeZoyte Then a model Driven this week Abarth 595 Trofeo review First Drive 19 May 2017 The 158bhp, 169lb ft 1.4 T-Jet Turbo engine delivers sudden bursts of urgent, energetic driving - but can it be too much sometimes? Mercedes-AMG GT R Car review 19 May 2017 Mercedes-AMG launches its hottest GT, to take on Porsche’s 911 GT3 Vauxhall Insignia Grand Sport Car review 19 May 2017 The new Insignia is essential to Vauxhall’s future and needs to be good. So is it? Vauxhall Crossland X 1.6T D 99 Ecotech Blueinjection Elite review First Drive 18 May 2017 The entry-level diesel variant of the Crossland X crossover will be a hit with fleet buyers - but the car is lacking dynamically Volvo XC60 review First Drive 16 May 2017 Sound new XC60 offers the same thing as other recent Volvos: confident dynamics and a superb interior TOP 5s Seven seats for £2k 150mph for £2k Bargain barges Race-inspired hot hatches Sub-£30k Ferraris LATEST CAR REVIEWS Range Rover Sport SVR Ariel Nomad Porsche Macan Jaguar XE Fiat 500X TOP MANUFACTURERS Audi Jaguar Hyundai Honda Mercedes-Benz Renault WE RECOMMEND Geneva motor show What Car? Classic and Sports Car PistonHeads Practical Caravan New Car Deals ABOUT AUTOCAR Terms and conditions Privacy notice Cookie Policy Get in touch Editorial Complaint? Sitemap RSS feed AUTOCAR MAGAZINE Subscribe now The Autocar Road Test Digital edition Autocar on Facebook Autocar on Twitter iPad apps Autocar on Google+ © 2015 Haymarket Media Group
May 21, 2017 | 78° | Check Traffic Subscribe Customer Service Print Replica LOG IN Search for: Home Top News Local Sports Crave Features Business Editorial Obits Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Search for: LOG IN SUBSCRIBE 2016 Election Results Archives Columnists TGIF Video Photo Galleries Hawaii Prep World Hawaii Warrior World Blogs Travel Religion Hokulea Merrie Monarch Movie Listings TV Week Corrections Dining Out Hawaii Renovation Special Sections Honolulu Street Pulse Home 2016 Election Results Archives Top News Local Sports Crave Business TGIF Features Editorial Religion Columnists Travel Print Replica Blogs Video Photo Galleries Hokulea Merrie Monarch Customer Service Cars Homes Classifieds Movie Listings Jobs TV Week Travel Get your geek on in Silicon Valley By Angela Hill (San Jose) Mercury News Posted May 21, 2017 May 21, 2017 Updated May 21, 2017 12:05am TRIBUNE NEWS SERVICE A 300 mm Intel wafer from the late 2000s is displayed at the Computer History Museum in Mountain View, Calif. TRIBUNE NEWS SERVICE John Williams, left, and Neil Stanlake, visiting from the U.K., check out an MRI exhibit at the Computer History Museum inMountain View, Calif. TRIBUNE NEWS SERVICE The Omnibot 2000, made by TOMY in 1985, is one ofmany robot toys on display at the Computer History Museum. Once upon a time, math geeks and computer nerds were considered totally uncool, what with their slide rules, pocket protectors and astonishing ability to get bonked in the nose with a fly ball to right field. Then time passed. A lot of stuff happened. Now those guys pretty much rule the world. Their kingdom is Silicon Valley, the coin of the realm is the latest app and the number of Teslas per block averages 25. (Number of 2007 Honda Civics with faded roof paint: one, at least when I’m in town.) Here are eight real-life sites — some famed, some obscure — for geek groupies who want to see where big brains have banged out the next big thing. It’s too bad those brains haven’t yet come out with “Star Trek” transporters (Elon Musk probably has one, but he won’t share). So you’ll have to take some sort of vehicular conveyance to the Peninsula — a self-driving electric car that brews lattes and irons your shirts along the way would be best, but do what you can. Buck’s restaurant Every good geek knows you need to start the day with a hearty breakfast. And the best place for tech entrepreneurs and venture capitalists to do that is, for some reason, Buck’s. It’s a fun diner in the little village of Woodside with decidedly analog and delicious pancakes and wacky decor — biplanes, blimps, stuffed beasts, a cosmonaut suit, a Statue of Liberty that sometimes wears a sombrero, sometimes a politically pink knit hat. During the past two decades, companies like PayPal, Hotmail, Netscape and Tesla were born here, yet Buck’s longtime owner, Jamis MacNiven, admits he doesn’t know why it’s such a draw for the tech elite. “We’re just people feeders here, and we happen to have been anointed with this international reputation,” he said. “I’m just the guy who holds open the door. Oh, and we have food, too.” Details: 3062 Woodside Road, Woodside, buckswoodside.com SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory Now that your brain’s been fed, take I-280 south to Sand Hill Road. You’ll pass SLAC, which is super cool because inside the 2-mile-long building is the world’s longest particle accelerator, which sends molecules speeding around like subatomic race cars. Public tours of the Stanford-run research facility are offered twice a month; advance registration required. Details: 2575 Sand Hill Road, Menlo Park, slac.stanford.edu and search for “public tours” Hewlett-Packard Garage This is just a little garage with a green garage door, behind a two-story wood-shingled house in a pretty neighborhood near downtown Palo Alto. You can’t go into the garage. You can’t even get within an integrated circuit’s throw of the garage, because it’s behind a gate. But you can look at it and feel the vibes of innovation. As stated on the plaque out front, it’s an official historic site: “The Birthplace of ‘Silicon Valley.’” It’s where, in 1938, David Packard and William Hewlett — definitely geeks — began tinkering away on an audio oscillator. People stop and take pics all the time. Details: 367 Addison Ave., Palo Alto Computer History Museum Since viewing the HP Garage will take only about five minutes, you can devote lots of time to the Computer History Museum. Its exhibits go back 2,000 years, starting with the abacus, moving up to slide rules, then punch-card machines, room-size computers with whirling tape reels, Univacs (I thought those only existed on “The Jetsons”) and on up through robots, software advances and a “World of Warcraft” exhibit with a life-size Thrall statue. There’s even a self-driving Google car. Sadly, you can’t drive it, and it doesn’t make lattes. The gift shop offers robot ice cube trays and “Star Trek” mugs (add hot water and it “beams” the crew to the planet’s surface). Details: Open Wednesday-Sunday at 1401 N. Shoreline Blvd., Mountain View. General admission is $17.50; Super Geek and Total Geek packages with entry plus T-shirts and more are $30-$46; computerhistory.org. (Bonus: Off the Grid food trucks are now at the museum every Friday night from 5 to 9 p.m.) NASA-Ames Research Center Visitor Center The visitor center is just outside the NASA-­Ames main gate in a big white marshmallow of a tent. Inside you’ll find a mock-up of the International Space Station, an exhibit on the Kepler Mission and a moon rock from Apollo 15. (Hint: It’s the thing that looks like a rock.) The visitor center is not huge, but has some cool spacey stuff. And it’s free. Details: Moffett Boulevard/NASA Parkway exit off Highway 101, Mountain View, nasa.gov/ames/visitorcenter.html WeirdStuff Not far from NASA, you’ll pass some Google and Yahoo buildings on your way to a bland office/industrial area in Sunnyvale. There you’ll find the WeirdStuff warehouse. This is hard-wired geek territory for those who want to rummage around old electronics and rig up their own “Star Trek” transporter (so there, Musk!). There are shelves and shelves of circuit boards, hard drives and power supplies and mountains of keyboards and mice. It’s open to the public daily. Details: 384 W. Caribbean Drive, Sunnyvale, weirdstuff.com Intel Museum Inside Intel (hah, geek humor) on the company’s Santa Clara campus, you’ll find a small but slick, Jetson-ish museum with glowing blue-and-white exhibit panels, displays on Intel’s history and products, as well as exhibits about Silicon Valley semiconductor technology. And it’s free. Details: 2200 Mission College Blvd., Santa Clara; closed Sundays, intel.com The Tech Museum of Innovation Keep going south to downtown San Jose to The Tech, where you and your geeky kids could happily occupy an entire day or more. The 132,000-square-foot building has multiple levels of interactive science and technology exhibits. You’ll find everything from virtual-reality “cyber sleuth” exhibits for learning about internet safety to exploring your own body metrics (you can check out a customized sensor kit that measures, records and displays your activity level, tension and mental focus as you go through the museum). You can even design, build and program a real robot using sensors, controllers and actuators. There’s an IMAX Dome theater to boot, featuring films like “Dream Big: Engineering Our World.” Details: Open daily; $24 for adults with an additional fee for the IMAX theater. 201 S. Market St., thetech.org Get the latest news by email Sign Up Share this: PREV Most Read Shoji enjoying retirement after 42 years as Wahine coach Honolulu Zoo promises go unfulfilled Keauhou tops nine categories at Hoku Awards Graduates walk out on Pence at Notre Dame commencement Turkey: Man detained on Honolulu flight just wanted 1st class seat Comments () By participating in online discussions you acknowledge that you have agreed to the TERMS OF SERVICE. An insightful discussion of ideas and viewpoints is encouraged, but comments must be civil and in good taste, with no personal attacks. If your comments are inappropriate, you may be banned from posting. Flag comments if you believe they do not follow our guidelines. Click here for more information on our commenting system. Copyright ©2017 staradvertiser.com. All rights reserved. 500 Ala Moana Blvd. #7-210, Honolulu, HI 96813 Telephone: (808) 529-4747 About Us Media Kit Advertise Privacy Policy Contact Information Terms of Service
Home About Contact Membership Store Donate USA Canada Latin America Africa Middle East Europe Russia Asia Oceania Notre site en Français: mondialisation.ca Italiano Deutsch Português srpski العربية Globalizacion | Asia-Pacific Research Global Research grtv youtube twitter facebook rss US Nato War Economy Civil Rights Environment Poverty Media Justice 9/11 War Crimes Militarization History Science New Report: Current Trump Official A “Person of Interest” in FBI Probe of White House-Russia Ties By Barry Grey Global Research, May 21, 2017 World Socialist Web Site 20 May 2017 Region: Russia and FSU, USA Theme: Intelligence In-depth Report: FAKE INTELLIGENCE On Friday, within minutes of President Donald Trump taking off on Air Force One for Saudi Arabia, the first leg of an nine-day overseas trip, new allegations published by the Washington Post and the New York Times added further fuel to the political warfare in Washington. The conflict is a struggle between two factions of the ruling class and the state apparatus, both deeply reactionary, militaristic and anti-working class. It centers on differences over US imperialist foreign policy. The Democrats have chosen to base their opposition to Trump, who embodies the criminality of the financial oligarchy, on the charge that he is a dupe of Russian President Vladimir Putin. This, in turn, is based on entirely unsubstantiated charges that the Russian government hacked and leaked Democratic emails to tip the 2016 campaign to Trump. The Democrats express the outlook of forces within the intelligence establishment who believe Trump cannot be trusted to continue and escalate the Obama administration’s confrontation with Russia in the Middle East and Eastern Europe. They have virtually nothing to say about the ongoing attacks by Trump on health care, education and the environment, or the war against immigrants. In Friday’s article, the Post reported that the FBI investigation into possible collusion between the Trump campaign and Russian officials, now headed by special counsel Robert Mueller (picture on the right), has identified a current senior administration official as a “person of interest.” The report is the first indication that the investigation is looking not only at former Trump aides, such as one-time campaign manager Paul Manafort and former national security adviser Michael Flynn, but is, in the words of the Post, “reaching into the highest levels of government.” The newspaper cited “people familiar with the matter,” who would not further identify the Trump official under scrutiny, but said the person is “someone close to the president.” Current Trump administration officials who have acknowledged contacts with Russian officials include Attorney General Jeff Sessions, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and White House adviser Jared Kushner, a multi-millionaire real estate investor and son-in-law to Trump. The only response by the White House to the Post article was a pro-forma statement by press secretary Sean Spicer: “As the president has stated before, a thorough investigation will confirm that there was no collusion between the campaign and any foreign entity.” The Post noted that the White House has acknowledged a Kushner meeting with Sergey Kislyak, the Russian ambassador to the United States, in late November. It added that Kushner himself has acknowledged he met with the head of a Russian development bank, Vnesheconombank, which has been targeted for US sanctions since July 2014. The probe is accelerating, according to the newspaper’s sources, with a grand jury in Alexandria, Virginia issuing subpoenas and various individuals being interviewed by investigators. The grand jury has issued subpoenas for records from Flynn, who was forced to resign as national security adviser last February for allegedly lying to Vice President Mike Pence about discussions he held with Ambassador Kislyak about Obama administration sanctions against Russia. The special counsel and FBI are demanding records of Flynn’s business, the Flynn Intel Group, which was reportedly paid over $500,000 by a firm owned by a Turkish-American businessman with close ties to the Turkish government. The firm was paid to do research on the US-based émigré cleric Fethullah Gulen, repeatedly denounced by Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan as a CIA asset involved in the a failed coup against his government last summer. Istanbul has called on the US to extradite Gulen. Almost simultaneous with the appearance of the Washington Post article, the New York Times reported that in his Oval Office meeting with Russian Foreign Secretary Sergey Lavrov and Ambassador Kislyak on May 10, the day after he fired FBI Director James Comey, President Trump called Comey “a real nut job” and said of his decision to dismiss him: “I faced great pressure because of Russia. That’s taken off.” The sudden firing of Comey, who was heading up the FBI investigation into allegations of Russian hacking of the Democratic National Committee and Hillary Clinton campaign emails and possible collusion by the Trump campaign, immediately raised charges of obstruction of justice, an impeachable offense. Trump himself seemed to substantiate the charge that he acted in order to stall or shut down the probe when, in a TV interview two days after the firing, he associated the decision with the Russia investigation. Friday’s Times article appears to provide further evidence that Comey’s firing was motivated by a desire to impede the investigation. According to the newspaper, the quote by Trump was included in a document based on notes taken from inside the Oval office and circulated as the official account of the meeting. White House spokesman Spicer did not contradict the report. Instead, he said that Comey’s “grandstanding and politicizing” of the investigation had obstructed “our ability to engage and negotiate with Russia.” He went on to denounce the leaking of classified information. Senate Intelligence Committee leaders announced Friday night that Comey had agreed to testify in public session on a date to be set after Memorial Day (May 29). Earlier on Friday, Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, who named former FBI Director Mueller as special counsel on Wednesday, briefed the entire House of Representatives in closed door meeting. This followed a similar meeting with the full Senate the previous day. Rosenstein acknowledged he had been told that Trump had decided to fire Comey the day before he submitted a memorandum to the president sharply critical of Comey’s handling of the investigation into Clinton’s use of a private email server during her tenure as secretary of state. Trump dismissed Comey the same day as Rosenstein’s memo, May 9, but the White House initially issued a false story that the initiative for the move had come from the deputy attorney general. Frustrated senators and congressmen, mostly Democrats, complained, however, that Rosenstein refused to give any further details on the firing, using the appointment of Mueller as an all-purpose justification for remaining silent. Nor did the Justice Department official answer questions about the ability of various House and Senate committees investigating the Russia issue to obtain access to witnesses and documents now that Mueller has been empowered. Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Charles Grassley (Republican of Iowa) wrote in a statement: “I would not be surprised if the new Special Counsel Mueller stops Comey from testifying before the Senate Intelligence Committee even though Comey is willing.” The original source of this article is World Socialist Web Site Copyright © Barry Grey, World Socialist Web Site, 2017 Comment on Global Research Articles on our Facebook page Become a Member of Global Research Articles by: Barry Grey Disclaimer: The contents of this article are of sole responsibility of the author(s). The Centre for Research on Globalization will not be responsible for any inaccurate or incorrect statement in this article. The Center of Research on Globalization grants permission to cross-post original Global Research articles on community internet sites as long as the text & title are not modified. The source and the author's copyright must be displayed. For publication of Global Research articles in print or other forms including commercial internet sites, contact: [email protected] www.globalresearch.ca contains copyrighted material the use of which has not always been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. We are making such material available to our readers under the provisions of "fair use" in an effort to advance a better understanding of political, economic and social issues. The material on this site is distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving it for research and educational purposes. If you wish to use copyrighted material for purposes other than "fair use" you must request permission from the copyright owner. For media inquiries: [email protected] Latest News & Top Stories When the Trump Coup-Makers Cometh The War on Syria: Exposing Media Distortions WannaCry Cyberattack: Deep State Assault on Cryptocurrencies? Ten Myths About Israel: Genocide and Racism Unmasked If NATO Wants Peace and Stability It Should Stay Home Syrian Army Within 20 km of Al-Tanaf Controlled by US-led Forces on Syria-Iraq Border Video Shows Syrian “White Helmets” Accepting Award from Al-Qaeda Greece is Committing “Financial Suicide” All Power to the Banks! The Winners-Take-All Regime of Emmanuel Macron New Report: Current Trump Official A “Person of Interest” in FBI Probe of White House-Russia Ties Trump Approves New Pentagon Strategy to “Annihilate” ISIS Rigging Democracy in Western Europe? Probing the Elections in France and Great Britain US Aggression against Syria and the Principles of a “Just War”. “Make America a Global Empire, Again!” Getting Assange: The Untold Story Who is Behind “Fake News”? Mainstream Media Use Fake Videos and Images Most Popular All Articles Global Research Publishers Click Here To Order Online News Themes Terrorism Biotechnology and GMO Crimes against Humanity Culture, Society & History Environment Global Economy Intelligence Law and Justice Media Disinformation Militarization and WMD Oil and Energy Civil Rights Politics and Religion Poverty & Social Inequality Science and Medicine United Nations US NATO War Agenda Women’s Rights I-Books Series IN-DEPTH REPORTS UKRAINE REPORT SYRIA: NATO’S NEXT WAR? IRAN: THE NEXT WAR? IRAQ REPORT AFGHANISTAN CLIMATE CHANGE CRIMINALIZE WAR DEPLETED URANIUM FAKE INTELLIGENCE HAITI NATO’S WAR ON LIBYA NORTH KOREA NUCLEAR WAR OCCUPY WALL STREET PAKISTAN PALESTINE THE BALKANS GLOBAL RESEARCH VIDEOS The global research news hour Join us on Facebook Partner Websites Project Censored Stop NATO Strategic Culture Foundation The Corbett Report Washington's Blog youtube twitter facebook rss Global Research News I-BOOKS SERIES Countries Index Authors Index Most Popular Links Contact Membership Online Store Themes Geographic Regions US NATO War Agenda Global Economy Crimes against Humanity Militarization and WMD Law and Justice Police State & Civil Rights History 9/11 & ‘War on Terrorism’ Media Disinformation Militarization and WMD Oil and Energy Police State & Civil Rights Religion Poverty & Social Inequality Science and Medicine United Nations US NATO War Agenda Women’s Rights USA Canada Middle East & North Africa Latin America & Caribbean Europe sub-Saharan Africa Russia and FSU Asia Oceania GlobalResearch Center for Research on Globalization Privacy Policy Copyright © 2005-2017 GlobalResearch.ca
News Sports Business Food 57° Full Menu 57° Home Customer Service Customer Service Newsletters Obituaries News All News Local news Crime Politics The Buzz C. W. Gusewelle Nation & World 913 816 North Homicide KC Community Faces Mary Sanchez Eyewitness Weird News Video Photos Sports All Sports Chiefs Royals Royals photos Sporting KC FC Kansas City Kansas Missouri K-State High School Scores & Stats NASCAR Outdoors NBA Buy Tickets Blogs & Columns K Zone Judging the Royals Red Zone The Full 90 Campus Corner For Pete's Sake Sam Mellinger Vahe Gregorian Politics Politics Elections Opinion All Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Colleen Nelson Derek Donovan Dave Helling Melinda Henneberger Steve Kraske Mary Sanchez Steve Rose Guest commentary Syndicated columnists Submit a Letter Entertainment Entertainment Ink Events Arts & Culture Music Back to Rockville Comics Stargazing Puzzles & Games Movies Horoscopes Arts TV Restaurants Books Star TV listings Business All Business Cityscape Development Workplace Personal Finance National/International Technology Kids & Money Project: Downtown KC's revival Living All Living Chow Town Eat & Drink House & Home Jenee Osterheldt KC Gardens Advice columns Faith Travel Family Apps & Mobile True Blue app Red Zone Extra Star news apps Extra Time KC E-Star Shopping Cars Contests Jobs Moonlighting Homes All Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Spaces KC KC Weddings Contact us facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:06 Privatizing KCI’s new single terminal: A timeline Pause 2:02 Trump delivers "a message of friendship and hope and love" in Saudi Arabia 2:12 Pastor D'Eric Fields talks about the shooting this morning 1:19 Four homicides along Indian Creek share similarities 4:08 Take a peek at a $9.5 million Mission Hills mansion 2:53 Family, neighbors weigh in on murders along Indian Creek Trail system 1:06 Faith Hill booed in St. Louis for mentioning NFL Draft 2:06 A (way too) early look at the 2017-18 Kansas Jayhawks basketball team 2:03 Vantasia Vans of Kansas City presents Spring Fever show in Missouri 1:01 Lion cub discovered smuggled in van full of parrots Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email From Secretary of State Rex Tillerson to former campaign director Paul Manafort, President Donald Trump's allies have business and personal connections to Russia. As Congress and the FBI look into Russia's involvement with the 2016 election, those connections are increasingly under a microscope. Natalie Fertig and Patrick Gleason McClatchy From Secretary of State Rex Tillerson to former campaign director Paul Manafort, President Donald Trump's allies have business and personal connections to Russia. As Congress and the FBI look into Russia's involvement with the 2016 election, those connections are increasingly under a microscope. Natalie Fertig and Patrick Gleason McClatchy Government & Politics May 19, 2017 2:25 PM Russia probe reaches current White House official, people familiar with the case say By Devlin Barrett and Matt Zapotosky The Washington Post LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story WASHINGTON The law enforcement investigation into possible coordination between Russia and the Trump campaign has identified a current White House official as a significant person of interest, showing that the probe is reaching into the highest levels of government, according to people familiar with the matter. The senior White House adviser under scrutiny by investigators is someone close to the president, according to these people, who would not further identify the official. The revelation comes as the investigation also appears to be entering a more overtly active phase, with investigators shifting from work that has remained largely hidden from the public to conducting interviews and using a grand jury to issue subpoenas. The intensity of the probe is expected to accelerate in the coming weeks, the people said. The sources emphasized that investigators remain keenly interested in people who previously wielded influence in the Trump campaign and administration but are no longer part of it, including former national security adviser Michael Flynn and former campaign chairman Paul Manafort. Flynn resigned in February after disclosures that he had lied to administration officials about his contacts with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak. Current administration officials who have acknowledged contacts with Russian officials include Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner, as well as Cabinet members Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. People familiar with the investigation said the intensifying effort does not mean criminal charges are near, or that any such charges will result. Earlier this week, Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein appointed former FBI Director Robert Mueller to serve as special counsel and lead the investigation into Russian meddling. It is unclear exactly how Mueller's leadership will affect the direction of the probe, and he is already bringing in new people to work on the team. Those familiar with the case said its significance had increased before Mueller's appointment. While the case began quietly last July as an effort to determine whether any Trump associates coordinated with Russian operatives to meddle in the presidential election campaign, the investigative work now being done by the FBI also includes determining whether any financial crimes were committed by people close to the president. The people familiar with the matter said the probe has sharpened into something more fraught for the White House, the FBI and the Justice Department - particularly because of the public steps investigators know they now need to take, the people said. When subpoenas are issued or interviews are requested, it is possible the people being asked to talk or provide documents will reveal publicly what they were asked about. Read More Firing 'nut job' Comey eased the pressure, document says Trump told the Russians A small group of lawmakers known as the Gang of Eight were notified of the change in tempo and focus in the investigation at a classified briefing on Wednesday evening, the people familiar with the matter said. FBI Director James Comey had publicly confirmed the existence of the investigation in March. Justice Department spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores said, "I can't confirm or deny the existence or non-existence of investigations or targets of investigations." An FBI spokesman declined to comment. White House spokesman Sean Spicer said, "as the president has stated before, a thorough investigation will confirm that there was no collusion between the campaign and any foreign entity.'' facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:06 Privatizing KCI’s new single terminal: A timeline Pause 2:02 Trump delivers "a message of friendship and hope and love" in Saudi Arabia 2:12 Pastor D'Eric Fields talks about the shooting this morning 1:19 Four homicides along Indian Creek share similarities 4:08 Take a peek at a $9.5 million Mission Hills mansion 2:53 Family, neighbors weigh in on murders along Indian Creek Trail system 1:06 Faith Hill booed in St. Louis for mentioning NFL Draft 2:06 A (way too) early look at the 2017-18 Kansas Jayhawks basketball team 2:03 Vantasia Vans of Kansas City presents Spring Fever show in Missouri 1:01 Lion cub discovered smuggled in van full of parrots Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email Get up to speed on the unfolding Trump-Comey saga Then-FBI Director James Comey announced on March 20 that the FBI was investigating possible collusion between the Trump campaign and Russian agents. On May 9, President Trump fired the FBI director, igniting an outcry that grew from just Democrats to include some Republican lawmakers as well. Natalie Fertig McClatchy While there has been a loud public debate in recent days over the question of whether the president might have attempted to obstruct justice in his private dealings with FBI Director James Comey, who Trump fired last week, people familiar with the matter said investigators on the case are more focused on Russian influence operations and possible financial crimes. The FBI's investigation seeks to determine whether and to what extent Trump associates were in contact with Kremlin operatives, what business dealings they might have had in Russia, and whether they in any way facilitated the hacking and publishing of Democratic National Committee and Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta's emails during the presidential campaign. Several congressional committees are also investigating, though their probes could not produce criminal charges. A grand jury in Alexandria, Virginia, recently issued a subpoena for records related to Flynn's business, The Flynn Intel Group, which had been paid more than $500,000 by a company owned by a Turkish American businessman close to top Turkish officials, according to people familiar with the matter. The Flynn Intel Group was paid for research on Fethullah Gulen, a cleric who Turkey's current president believes was responsible for a coup attempt last summer. Flynn retroactively registered with the Justice Department in March as a paid foreign agent for Turkish interests. Separately from the probe now run by Mueller, Flynn is being investigated by the Pentagon's top watchdog for his foreign payments. Flynn also received $45,000 to appear in 2015 with Russian President Vladimir Putin at a dinner for RT, a Kremlin-controlled media organization. Flynn discussed U.S. sanctions against Russia with Russia's ambassador to the United States during the month before President Donald Trump took office, and he withheld that fact from even Vice President Mike Pence. That prompted then Acting Attorney General Sally Yates to warn the White House's top lawyer he might be susceptible to blackmail. Flynn stepped down after The Washington Post reported on the contents of the call. The president has nonetheless seemed to defend his former adviser. A memo by fired FBI Director Comey alleged Trump even asked that the probe into Flynn be shut down. The White House also has acknowledged that Kushner met with Kislyak, the Russian ambassador to the U.S., in late November. Kushner also has acknowledged that he met with the head of a Russian development bank, Vnesheconombank, which has been under U.S. sanctions since July 2014. The president's son in law initially omitted contacts with foreign leaders from a national security questionnaire, though his lawyer has said publicly he submitted the form prematurely and informed the FBI soon after he would provide an update. Vnesheconombank handles development for the state, and in early 2015, a man purporting to be one of its New York-based employees was arrested and accused of being an unregistered spy. That man - Evgeny Buryakov - ultimately pleaded guilty and was eventually deported. He had been in contact with former Trump adviser Carter Page, though Page has said he shared only "basic immaterial information and publicly available research documents" with the Russian. Page was the subject of a secret warrant last year issued by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, based on suspicions he might have been acting as an agent of the Russian government, according to people familiar with the matter. Page has denied any wrongdoing, and accused the government of violating his civil rights. The Washington Post's Ellen Nakashima and Ashley Parker contributed to this report. President Donald Trump and first lady Melania Trump walk across the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, Friday, May 19, 2017, before boarding Marine One for a short trip to Andrews Air Force Base, Md. Trump is leaving for his first foreign trip, visiting Saudi Arabia, Israel, Vatican, and a pair of summits in Brussels and Sicily. Andrew Harnik AP LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:06 Privatizing KCI’s new single terminal: A timeline Pause 2:02 Trump delivers "a message of friendship and hope and love" in Saudi Arabia 2:12 Pastor D'Eric Fields talks about the shooting this morning 1:19 Four homicides along Indian Creek share similarities 4:08 Take a peek at a $9.5 million Mission Hills mansion 2:53 Family, neighbors weigh in on murders along Indian Creek Trail system 1:06 Faith Hill booed in St. Louis for mentioning NFL Draft 2:06 A (way too) early look at the 2017-18 Kansas Jayhawks basketball team 2:03 Vantasia Vans of Kansas City presents Spring Fever show in Missouri 1:01 Lion cub discovered smuggled in van full of parrots Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 2 days ago Privatizing KCI’s new single terminal: A timeline 1:06 2 days ago Privatizing KCI’s new single terminal: A timeline 1:27 2 days ago David Zimmerman sworn in as interim police chief 1:37 2 days ago What you need to know about Trump and Russia View More Video Government & Politics Weekend Sports In Brief Texas adoption agency 'religious refusal' closer to law Philippine official downplays alleged China war threats China to detail its Antarctic ambitions at treaty meeting Texas Senate attaches voucher plan to school finance fix Government & Politics Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Home Delivery E-Star Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Newspapers in Education Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Mobile apps and E-Star Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Advertising information Print Digital Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Local News Sports Living Classifieds 70° Full Menu 70° Customer Service Customer Service Support Contact Us About Us FAQ Stay connected Facebook Google+ Instagram Twitter Social Media Directory N&O Store Buy Photos Databases Archives My Subscription N&O Plus Manage Account Rewards E-edition Newsletter Signup News in Education News All News Blogs Columnists Crime Education Health Local Nation/World Science Thumbs Up Traffic Weather Weird News Counties Durham County Johnston County Orange County Wake County Communities Cary News Chapel Hill News Clayton News Star Durham News Eastern Wake News Garner Cleveland Midtown Raleigh North Raleigh News Smithfield Herald Southwest Wake Online ArtsNow Mom2Mom Triangle.com Sports All Sports Baseball Canes College Columns & Blogs High Schools NASCAR & Auto Racing NBA NFL NHL Olympics Outdoors Panthers Soccer Schools Duke East Carolina NC State North Carolina Politics All Politics State Politics Blogs Columnists PolitiFact PolitiFact NC Rob Christensen Under the Dome Business All Business Blogs Columnists Health Care Personal Finance Real Estate Shop Talk Stocks Center Technology Living All Living Video Now Best-Kept Secrets Blogs Celebrations Comics Family Fashion Fitness Food Games and Puzzles Home and Garden Horoscopes Mouthful Past Times Pets Religion Travel Entertainment Video Now Arts News ArtsNow Books Contests Dining Entertainment Events Games Movies Music Nightlife Television On the Beat Happiness is a Warm TV Opinion All Opinion Columnists Dwane Powell Editorials Letters Opinion Shop Blog Other Views Submit a Letter Obituaries Advertise Advertise with us Place Ad Apartments Cars Homes Jobs Legals Obits/In Memoriams Weddings Shopping Local Deals Today's Daily Deal Grocery Coupons Special Sections Today's Circulars Rewards Photo Store Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Legals facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:46 Thousands of dead people are not voting in North Carolina, despite rumors Pause 2:19 Hold the pickle, hold the lettuce in hamburger eating contest 1:34 Artsplosure brings Architects of Air back to Raleigh 1:11 The moment Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg got his acceptance letter to Harvard 1:23 A unique, amazing, overzealous, independent, headstrong, hippie with a heart of gold 0:31 New York police arrest Times Square crash suspect 1:37 What you need to know about the Trump/Comey saga 1:53 'They love being challenged' says teacher pushing for opportunities for gifted students 0:23 Raleigh Charter's Enoch Cheung wins 1A 100m hurdles 2:14 Enabling the common man to save a life Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email From Secretary of State Rex Tillerson to former campaign director Paul Manafort, President Donald Trump's allies have business and personal connections to Russia. As Congress and the FBI look into Russia's involvement with the 2016 election, those connections are increasingly under a microscope. Natalie Fertig and Patrick Gleason McClatchy From Secretary of State Rex Tillerson to former campaign director Paul Manafort, President Donald Trump's allies have business and personal connections to Russia. As Congress and the FBI look into Russia's involvement with the 2016 election, those connections are increasingly under a microscope. Natalie Fertig and Patrick Gleason McClatchy Politics & Government May 19, 2017 3:25 PM Russia probe reaches current White House official, people familiar with the case say By Devlin Barrett and Matt Zapotosky The Washington Post LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story WASHINGTON The law enforcement investigation into possible coordination between Russia and the Trump campaign has identified a current White House official as a significant person of interest, showing that the probe is reaching into the highest levels of government, according to people familiar with the matter. The senior White House adviser under scrutiny by investigators is someone close to the president, according to these people, who would not further identify the official. The revelation comes as the investigation also appears to be entering a more overtly active phase, with investigators shifting from work that has remained largely hidden from the public to conducting interviews and using a grand jury to issue subpoenas. The intensity of the probe is expected to accelerate in the coming weeks, the people said. The sources emphasized that investigators remain keenly interested in people who previously wielded influence in the Trump campaign and administration but are no longer part of it, including former national security adviser Michael Flynn and former campaign chairman Paul Manafort. Flynn resigned in February after disclosures that he had lied to administration officials about his contacts with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak. Current administration officials who have acknowledged contacts with Russian officials include Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner, as well as Cabinet members Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. People familiar with the investigation said the intensifying effort does not mean criminal charges are near, or that any such charges will result. Earlier this week, Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein appointed former FBI Director Robert Mueller to serve as special counsel and lead the investigation into Russian meddling. It is unclear exactly how Mueller's leadership will affect the direction of the probe, and he is already bringing in new people to work on the team. Those familiar with the case said its significance had increased before Mueller's appointment. While the case began quietly last July as an effort to determine whether any Trump associates coordinated with Russian operatives to meddle in the presidential election campaign, the investigative work now being done by the FBI also includes determining whether any financial crimes were committed by people close to the president. The people familiar with the matter said the probe has sharpened into something more fraught for the White House, the FBI and the Justice Department - particularly because of the public steps investigators know they now need to take, the people said. When subpoenas are issued or interviews are requested, it is possible the people being asked to talk or provide documents will reveal publicly what they were asked about. Read More Firing 'nut job' Comey eased the pressure, document says Trump told the Russians A small group of lawmakers known as the Gang of Eight were notified of the change in tempo and focus in the investigation at a classified briefing on Wednesday evening, the people familiar with the matter said. FBI Director James Comey had publicly confirmed the existence of the investigation in March. Justice Department spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores said, "I can't confirm or deny the existence or non-existence of investigations or targets of investigations." An FBI spokesman declined to comment. White House spokesman Sean Spicer said, "as the president has stated before, a thorough investigation will confirm that there was no collusion between the campaign and any foreign entity.'' facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:46 Thousands of dead people are not voting in North Carolina, despite rumors Pause 2:19 Hold the pickle, hold the lettuce in hamburger eating contest 1:34 Artsplosure brings Architects of Air back to Raleigh 1:11 The moment Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg got his acceptance letter to Harvard 1:23 A unique, amazing, overzealous, independent, headstrong, hippie with a heart of gold 0:31 New York police arrest Times Square crash suspect 1:37 What you need to know about the Trump/Comey saga 1:53 'They love being challenged' says teacher pushing for opportunities for gifted students 0:23 Raleigh Charter's Enoch Cheung wins 1A 100m hurdles 2:14 Enabling the common man to save a life Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email Get up to speed on the unfolding Trump-Comey saga Then-FBI Director James Comey announced on March 20 that the FBI was investigating possible collusion between the Trump campaign and Russian agents. On May 9, President Trump fired the FBI director, igniting an outcry that grew from just Democrats to include some Republican lawmakers as well. Natalie Fertig McClatchy While there has been a loud public debate in recent days over the question of whether the president might have attempted to obstruct justice in his private dealings with FBI Director James Comey, who Trump fired last week, people familiar with the matter said investigators on the case are more focused on Russian influence operations and possible financial crimes. The FBI's investigation seeks to determine whether and to what extent Trump associates were in contact with Kremlin operatives, what business dealings they might have had in Russia, and whether they in any way facilitated the hacking and publishing of Democratic National Committee and Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta's emails during the presidential campaign. Several congressional committees are also investigating, though their probes could not produce criminal charges. A grand jury in Alexandria, Virginia, recently issued a subpoena for records related to Flynn's business, The Flynn Intel Group, which had been paid more than $500,000 by a company owned by a Turkish American businessman close to top Turkish officials, according to people familiar with the matter. The Flynn Intel Group was paid for research on Fethullah Gulen, a cleric who Turkey's current president believes was responsible for a coup attempt last summer. Flynn retroactively registered with the Justice Department in March as a paid foreign agent for Turkish interests. Separately from the probe now run by Mueller, Flynn is being investigated by the Pentagon's top watchdog for his foreign payments. Flynn also received $45,000 to appear in 2015 with Russian President Vladimir Putin at a dinner for RT, a Kremlin-controlled media organization. Flynn discussed U.S. sanctions against Russia with Russia's ambassador to the United States during the month before President Donald Trump took office, and he withheld that fact from even Vice President Mike Pence. That prompted then Acting Attorney General Sally Yates to warn the White House's top lawyer he might be susceptible to blackmail. Flynn stepped down after The Washington Post reported on the contents of the call. The president has nonetheless seemed to defend his former adviser. A memo by fired FBI Director Comey alleged Trump even asked that the probe into Flynn be shut down. The White House also has acknowledged that Kushner met with Kislyak, the Russian ambassador to the U.S., in late November. Kushner also has acknowledged that he met with the head of a Russian development bank, Vnesheconombank, which has been under U.S. sanctions since July 2014. The president's son in law initially omitted contacts with foreign leaders from a national security questionnaire, though his lawyer has said publicly he submitted the form prematurely and informed the FBI soon after he would provide an update. Vnesheconombank handles development for the state, and in early 2015, a man purporting to be one of its New York-based employees was arrested and accused of being an unregistered spy. That man - Evgeny Buryakov - ultimately pleaded guilty and was eventually deported. He had been in contact with former Trump adviser Carter Page, though Page has said he shared only "basic immaterial information and publicly available research documents" with the Russian. Page was the subject of a secret warrant last year issued by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, based on suspicions he might have been acting as an agent of the Russian government, according to people familiar with the matter. Page has denied any wrongdoing, and accused the government of violating his civil rights. The Washington Post's Ellen Nakashima and Ashley Parker contributed to this report. President Donald Trump and first lady Melania Trump walk across the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, Friday, May 19, 2017, before boarding Marine One for a short trip to Andrews Air Force Base, Md. Trump is leaving for his first foreign trip, visiting Saudi Arabia, Israel, Vatican, and a pair of summits in Brussels and Sicily. Andrew Harnik AP LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:46 Thousands of dead people are not voting in North Carolina, despite rumors Pause 2:19 Hold the pickle, hold the lettuce in hamburger eating contest 1:34 Artsplosure brings Architects of Air back to Raleigh 1:11 The moment Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg got his acceptance letter to Harvard 1:23 A unique, amazing, overzealous, independent, headstrong, hippie with a heart of gold 0:31 New York police arrest Times Square crash suspect 1:37 What you need to know about the Trump/Comey saga 1:53 'They love being challenged' says teacher pushing for opportunities for gifted students 0:23 Raleigh Charter's Enoch Cheung wins 1A 100m hurdles 2:14 Enabling the common man to save a life Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 2 days ago Thousands of dead people are not voting in North Carolina, despite rumors 0:46 2 days ago Thousands of dead people are not voting in North Carolina, despite rumors 1:37 2 days ago What you need to know about the Trump/Comey saga 3:32 3 days ago Former senator Hartsell pleads guilty to violating campaign finance laws View More Video Politics & Government North Korea says ready to deploy, mass produce new missile Reformists sweep Tehran municipal vote as Rouhani wins Iran AP Exclusive: Strapped UN health agency spends big on travel China to detail its Antarctic ambitions at treaty meeting Clock ticking for Minnesota lawmakers on budget Politics & Government Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services Customer Service E-Edition Contact Us About Us Site Map Site Information Triangle.com ArtsNow FansTailgate Mom2Mom Trianglejobs Community News Legal Notices News in Education Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Careers at the N&O Advertising Advertise With Us About Our Ads Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping N&O Store N&O Photos More Copyright Commenting Policy Report News Privacy Policy Terms of Use
News Sports Entertainment Classifieds 76° Full Menu 76° Customer Service Customer Service e-Edition BeeBuzzPoints About Us About Us Contact Us Apps Newsletters Twitter, Facebook, Google+, YouTube News in Education (NIE) Local Sacramento Region Arena City Beat Local Govt Salary Database Crime Education Environment Health & Medicine Transportation Traffic Conditions Weather Marcos Breton Communities Elk Grove Folsom/El Dorado Roseville/Placer Yolo Sports Sports Kings Kings Corner with Jason Jones NBA News 49ers with Matt Barrows Giants Oakland A's High School Sports Joe Davidson Ailene Voisin More Sports Raiders NFL News MLB News River Cats Soccer Colleges Golf Auto Racing Politics Politics Capitol Alert State Workers Local Elections PoliGRAPH State Worker Salary Database Legislative Gifts Dan Walters Dan Morain Investigations Investigations Data Tracker Public Eye Afghan Refugees Nursing Homes Opinion Opinion Editorials Viewpoints California Forum Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Jack Ohman Columnists Dan Morain Shawn Hubler Foon Rhee Erika D. Smith Joyce Terhaar Editorial Board Entertainment Entertainment & Life Arts & Theater Books Home & Garden with Debbie Arrington Movies Music Outdoors Pets Travel More Entertainment Events Calendar Horoscopes Comics Puzzles TV Listings Food & Drink Food & Drink Restaurant News Dining Reviews Restaurant Directory Cooking & Recipes Beer Wine Appetizers Blog California California Marijuana Water & Drought Lottery Business Business Real Estate Market Summary Cathie Anderson Nation & World Nation & World National World Technology Family Celebrities TV news Weird News Video Break Obituaries News Obituaries Death Notices FAQ ObitMessenger In Memoriam Local Deals Today's Deal Shopping Grocery Coupons Weekly Ads The Sacramento Bee Store Golf Card Farm to Fork Dining Card Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Classifieds Legal Notices Place an Ad Advertise facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:42 Outgoing chair of California Democratic Party: F*%! Donald Trump Pause 2:49 Water officials ramp down Oroville spillway 0:55 California Democratic activists want Trump impeached -- now 1:38 'Don't wait for them. You lead' on health care, nurses' leader tells rally 1:07 DNC Chair Tom Perez says Trump, Putin in 'bromance' 1:31 Desiree Salazar moving forward with her life 1:32 Street fair turns Broadway into hub of fun 0:32 Solomon Thomas practices with 49ers for the first time 1:11 Patients get royal treatment for Shriners Hospital's first annual prom 2:06 Former UC Davis guard Brynton Lemar on Kings pre-draft workout Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email From Secretary of State Rex Tillerson to former campaign director Paul Manafort, President Donald Trump's allies have business and personal connections to Russia. As Congress and the FBI look into Russia's involvement with the 2016 election, those connections are increasingly under a microscope. Natalie Fertig and Patrick Gleason McClatchy From Secretary of State Rex Tillerson to former campaign director Paul Manafort, President Donald Trump's allies have business and personal connections to Russia. As Congress and the FBI look into Russia's involvement with the 2016 election, those connections are increasingly under a microscope. Natalie Fertig and Patrick Gleason McClatchy Politics & Government May 19, 2017 12:25 PM Russia probe reaches current White House official, people familiar with the case say By Devlin Barrett and Matt Zapotosky The Washington Post WASHINGTON The law enforcement investigation into possible coordination between Russia and the Trump campaign has identified a current White House official as a significant person of interest, showing that the probe is reaching into the highest levels of government, according to people familiar with the matter. The senior White House adviser under scrutiny by investigators is someone close to the president, according to these people, who would not further identify the official. The revelation comes as the investigation also appears to be entering a more overtly active phase, with investigators shifting from work that has remained largely hidden from the public to conducting interviews and using a grand jury to issue subpoenas. The intensity of the probe is expected to accelerate in the coming weeks, the people said. The sources emphasized that investigators remain keenly interested in people who previously wielded influence in the Trump campaign and administration but are no longer part of it, including former national security adviser Michael Flynn and former campaign chairman Paul Manafort. Flynn resigned in February after disclosures that he had lied to administration officials about his contacts with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak. Current administration officials who have acknowledged contacts with Russian officials include Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner, as well as Cabinet members Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. People familiar with the investigation said the intensifying effort does not mean criminal charges are near, or that any such charges will result. Earlier this week, Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein appointed former FBI Director Robert Mueller to serve as special counsel and lead the investigation into Russian meddling. It is unclear exactly how Mueller's leadership will affect the direction of the probe, and he is already bringing in new people to work on the team. Those familiar with the case said its significance had increased before Mueller's appointment. While the case began quietly last July as an effort to determine whether any Trump associates coordinated with Russian operatives to meddle in the presidential election campaign, the investigative work now being done by the FBI also includes determining whether any financial crimes were committed by people close to the president. The people familiar with the matter said the probe has sharpened into something more fraught for the White House, the FBI and the Justice Department - particularly because of the public steps investigators know they now need to take, the people said. When subpoenas are issued or interviews are requested, it is possible the people being asked to talk or provide documents will reveal publicly what they were asked about. Read More Firing 'nut job' Comey eased the pressure, document says Trump told the Russians A small group of lawmakers known as the Gang of Eight were notified of the change in tempo and focus in the investigation at a classified briefing on Wednesday evening, the people familiar with the matter said. FBI Director James Comey had publicly confirmed the existence of the investigation in March. Justice Department spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores said, "I can't confirm or deny the existence or non-existence of investigations or targets of investigations." An FBI spokesman declined to comment. White House spokesman Sean Spicer said, "as the president has stated before, a thorough investigation will confirm that there was no collusion between the campaign and any foreign entity.'' facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:42 Outgoing chair of California Democratic Party: F*%! Donald Trump Pause 2:49 Water officials ramp down Oroville spillway 0:55 California Democratic activists want Trump impeached -- now 1:38 'Don't wait for them. You lead' on health care, nurses' leader tells rally 1:07 DNC Chair Tom Perez says Trump, Putin in 'bromance' 1:31 Desiree Salazar moving forward with her life 1:32 Street fair turns Broadway into hub of fun 0:32 Solomon Thomas practices with 49ers for the first time 1:11 Patients get royal treatment for Shriners Hospital's first annual prom 2:06 Former UC Davis guard Brynton Lemar on Kings pre-draft workout Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email Get up to speed on the unfolding Trump-Comey saga Then-FBI Director James Comey announced on March 20 that the FBI was investigating possible collusion between the Trump campaign and Russian agents. On May 9, President Trump fired the FBI director, igniting an outcry that grew from just Democrats to include some Republican lawmakers as well. Natalie Fertig McClatchy While there has been a loud public debate in recent days over the question of whether the president might have attempted to obstruct justice in his private dealings with FBI Director James Comey, who Trump fired last week, people familiar with the matter said investigators on the case are more focused on Russian influence operations and possible financial crimes. The FBI's investigation seeks to determine whether and to what extent Trump associates were in contact with Kremlin operatives, what business dealings they might have had in Russia, and whether they in any way facilitated the hacking and publishing of Democratic National Committee and Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta's emails during the presidential campaign. Several congressional committees are also investigating, though their probes could not produce criminal charges. A grand jury in Alexandria, Virginia, recently issued a subpoena for records related to Flynn's business, The Flynn Intel Group, which had been paid more than $500,000 by a company owned by a Turkish American businessman close to top Turkish officials, according to people familiar with the matter. The Flynn Intel Group was paid for research on Fethullah Gulen, a cleric who Turkey's current president believes was responsible for a coup attempt last summer. Flynn retroactively registered with the Justice Department in March as a paid foreign agent for Turkish interests. Separately from the probe now run by Mueller, Flynn is being investigated by the Pentagon's top watchdog for his foreign payments. Flynn also received $45,000 to appear in 2015 with Russian President Vladimir Putin at a dinner for RT, a Kremlin-controlled media organization. Flynn discussed U.S. sanctions against Russia with Russia's ambassador to the United States during the month before President Donald Trump took office, and he withheld that fact from even Vice President Mike Pence. That prompted then Acting Attorney General Sally Yates to warn the White House's top lawyer he might be susceptible to blackmail. Flynn stepped down after The Washington Post reported on the contents of the call. The president has nonetheless seemed to defend his former adviser. A memo by fired FBI Director Comey alleged Trump even asked that the probe into Flynn be shut down. The White House also has acknowledged that Kushner met with Kislyak, the Russian ambassador to the U.S., in late November. Kushner also has acknowledged that he met with the head of a Russian development bank, Vnesheconombank, which has been under U.S. sanctions since July 2014. The president's son in law initially omitted contacts with foreign leaders from a national security questionnaire, though his lawyer has said publicly he submitted the form prematurely and informed the FBI soon after he would provide an update. Vnesheconombank handles development for the state, and in early 2015, a man purporting to be one of its New York-based employees was arrested and accused of being an unregistered spy. That man - Evgeny Buryakov - ultimately pleaded guilty and was eventually deported. He had been in contact with former Trump adviser Carter Page, though Page has said he shared only "basic immaterial information and publicly available research documents" with the Russian. Page was the subject of a secret warrant last year issued by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, based on suspicions he might have been acting as an agent of the Russian government, according to people familiar with the matter. Page has denied any wrongdoing, and accused the government of violating his civil rights. The Washington Post's Ellen Nakashima and Ashley Parker contributed to this report. President Donald Trump and first lady Melania Trump walk across the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, Friday, May 19, 2017, before boarding Marine One for a short trip to Andrews Air Force Base, Md. Trump is leaving for his first foreign trip, visiting Saudi Arabia, Israel, Vatican, and a pair of summits in Brussels and Sicily. Andrew Harnik AP Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:42 Outgoing chair of California Democratic Party: F*%! Donald Trump Pause 2:49 Water officials ramp down Oroville spillway 0:55 California Democratic activists want Trump impeached -- now 1:38 'Don't wait for them. You lead' on health care, nurses' leader tells rally 1:07 DNC Chair Tom Perez says Trump, Putin in 'bromance' 1:31 Desiree Salazar moving forward with her life 1:32 Street fair turns Broadway into hub of fun 0:32 Solomon Thomas practices with 49ers for the first time 1:11 Patients get royal treatment for Shriners Hospital's first annual prom 2:06 Former UC Davis guard Brynton Lemar on Kings pre-draft workout Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 10 hours ago Outgoing chair of California Democratic Party: F*%! Donald Trump 0:42 10 hours ago Outgoing chair of California Democratic Party: F*%! Donald Trump 0:36 a day ago California's top prosecutor 'closer' to calling for Trump's impeachment 0:55 a day ago California Democratic activists want Trump impeached -- now View More Video Politics & Government Bernie Sanders backers say Democrats are ‘in absolute crisis and denial’ Borrowing scheme for CalPERS deserves more scrutiny Trump to propose big cuts to safety net in new budget this week Trump scraps harsh language in speech to Muslim leaders Israelis worry Trump’s changing stands look more and more like Obama’s Politics & Government Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Subscribe Customer Service e-Edition News in Education (NIE) Newsletters Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ Photo Reprints Jobs at The Bee Social, Mobile & More Smartphone and Tablet Apps Mobile Alerts Facebook Twitter YouTube Advertising Place a Classified Ad Place a Legal Notice Place a Digital Ad Place a Newspaper Ad Local Deals Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Home News Economy Interview Reports World News Culture Sports Opinion Photos About us Contact us English Français عربي Archive May 2017 M T W T F S S « Apr     1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Video Advertisment Photos Library Facebook Interview Interview: Ethiopian Ambassador to Khartoum Abadi Zemo Interview: South Africa’s Ambassador to Sudan Francis Moloi Africa: ‘Cooperation, Not Rivalry, Is the Solution for Africa’ Opinion The Timing is Right, Finally, for Sudan Opinion: Easing Sudan Sanctions is Good; but Much More Is Necessary Lessons for Ghana in the Malaysian Economic Miracle Documents Sudan Humanitarian Snapshot Is Jetpack Misleading Users to Promote WordPress.com? Yemen war death toll surpasses 7,000: WHO Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ English Français عربي Home News Economy Interview Reports World News Culture Sports Opinion Photos About us Contact us Interview Interview: Ethiopian Ambassador to Khartoum Abadi Zemo Interview: IGAD Special Envoy in Khartoum Lissane Yohannes Interview: Ethiopian Ambassador to Khartoum Abadi Zemo Opinion The Timing is Right, Finally, for Sudan George Clooney Report Ruffles Feathers in South Sudan NEW AFRICAN UNION STRATEGY ON ICC PLAYS POLITICS WITH JUSTICE Documents Sudan Humanitarian Snapshot North Korea tension: US ‘armada’ was not sailing to Korean peninsula Sudan FM: Current Security in Darfur Unmatched in Neighboring Countries News SlideIntelligence Report: Darfur Mercenaries Pose Threat on Peace in the Region SlideKilling of General Commander of Minnawi’s Rebel Movement in Darfur NewsNigerian troops battle Boko Haram in Lake Chad area, kill 13 InterviewInterview: Ethiopian Ambassador to Khartoum Abadi Zemo NewsSaudi Arabia Leading Efforts to Lift US Sanctions Against Sudan SlideSudan rules out normalising ties with Israel NewsCombating Terrorism and Money Laundering Workshop Opens in Khartoum NewsSouth Sudan: Wife of Exiled Rebel Leader Warns ‘Genocide in Progress’, calls for Australian Aid NewsRSF Commander Pledges to Curb Human Trafficking and Terrorism NewsAUPSC Delegation Visits Sudan to Discuss Darfur Development Top US spy chiefs to testify in Congress over Russian hacking, Trump remains skeptical 5 months ago COMPILED FROM WIRE SERVICES ISTANBUL AFP Photo Senior U.S. intelligence officials will testify in Congress on Thursday on Russia’s alleged cyber attacks during the 2016 election campaign, even as President-elect Donald Trump casts doubt on intelligence agencies’ findings that Moscow orchestrated the hacks. The hearings come a day before Trump is due to be briefed by intelligence agency chiefs on hacks that targeted the Democratic Party. Trump is heading for a conflict over the issue with Democrats and fellow Republicans in Congress, many of whom are wary of Moscow and distrust the New York businessman’s praise of Russian President Vladimir Putin and efforts to heal the rift between the United States and Russia. Director of National Intelligence James Clapper and National Security Agency Director Michael Rogers are due to testify amid a heated rift between Trump and the intelligence bodies he will rely upon for crucial advice when he becomes president on January 20. In tweets this week, Trump ridiculed the CIA and FBI conclusions, which are supported by outgoing President Barack Obama, that hackers working at the bidding of the Russian government stole embarrassing Democratic Party documents from the party’s computers and leaked the via WikiLeaks to undermine the presidential campaign of Trump rival Hillary Clinton. Referring to a planned presentation to him by intelligence chiefs, Trump tweeted: “The ‘Intelligence’ briefing on so-called ‘Russian hacking’ was delayed until Friday, perhaps more time needed to build a case. Very strange!” He then added to the insult by citing WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange in his dismissal of the findings of multiple US agencies that Russia was behind the hacking. “Julian Assange said ‘a 14 year old could have hacked Podesta’ – why was DNC so careless?” Trump said, referring to the thousands of emails and documents robbed from the computers of the Democratic National Committee and from Clinton campaign chief John Podesta. Intel agency shakeup looming? Trump’s taunts have boosted pressure on the White House, the Central Intelligence Agency, the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the Director of National Intelligence to back up their claims last month that the Russian government was behind the hacking, intentionally divulging the documents via WikiLeaks to disrupt the election and help Trump. The intelligence chiefs and Obama have pointed the finger at Russian President Vladimir Putin, saying no such operation could go on in Moscow without the highest level of approval. On December 29, Obama retaliated, expelling 35 Russian “intelligence operatives,” placing sanctions on Russian government officials and intelligence services, and alleged hackers. But the evidence made public by the agencies remains thin, allowing Trump, who has made clear he wants to improve fraught relations with Russia, to mount a challenge to the US intelligence establishment. The Wall Street Journal reported late Wednesday that Trump is already working on a plan to restructure the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, which Trump believes “has become bloated and politicized,” the Journal reported, citing people official with the planning. The plan could also include revamping the CIA, cutting back its headquarters staff while boosting deployment of agents in the field, the Journal said. (http://www.dailysabah.com) Related Articles US COMPARES VENEZUELA CRISIS TO SYRIA, SOUTH SUDAN, N KOREA Saudi Arabia is Key to Regional Stability: Kelly New Work Week Brings Fears Global Cyberattack Could Spread Archive May 2017 M T W T F S S « Apr     1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Video Advertisment Photos Library Facebook Most Popular Intelligence Report: Darfur Mercenaries Pose Threat on Peace in the Region 20 mins ago Killing of General Commander of Minnawi’s Rebel Movement in Darfur 23 mins ago Newsletter Email Categories Home News Economy Interview Reports World News Culture Sports Opinion Photos About us Contact us Advertisment go to top Inc. All Rights Reserved © 2017 Sudanese Media Centre. SMC Broadcasting System
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 21 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman ZEISS and ASML Strengthen Partnership for Next Generation of EUV Lithography Due in Early 2020s ASML buys 24.9% of ZEISS subsidiary Carl Zeiss SMT for EUR 1 billion in cash Start of development of entirely new High NA optical system for the future generation of EUV ASML supports Carl Zeiss SMT`s R&D and capex for approximately EUR 760 million over the next 6 years VELDHOVEN, the Netherlands/OBERKOCHEN, Germany – 3 November 2016 – Netherlands-based ASML Holding NV, one of the world’s leading chip industry equipment providers, and Germany-based Carl Zeiss SMT, a business group of Carl Zeiss AG (ZEISS), have agreed to strengthen their long-standing and successful partnership in the semiconductor lithography business. The main objective of this agreement is to facilitate the development of the future generation of Extreme Ultraviolet (EUV) lithography systems due in the first few years of the next decade. This technology will enable the semiconductor industry to produce much higher performance microchips at lower costs. ZEISS and ASML jointly announce today, that they have agreed on a 24.9% minority stake of ASML in ZEISS’s subsidiary Carl Zeiss SMT, for which ASML will pay ZEISS EUR 1 billion in cash. The companies stated that no further exchange of shares is planned or agreed. ASML is a key supplier of semiconductor patterning products and services used by the world`s top producers of microchips. With its high-performance optics Carl Zeiss SMT supplies an essential subsystem of ASML´s semiconductor lithography scanners and is ASML`s most important strategic partner. ASML and Carl Zeiss SMT have been in close partnership for more than 30 years. Both firms have grown strongly over the last decades benefiting from each other`s strengths. A new cycle of investments required for the development of an entirely new optical system for the future generation of EUV, expected to be provided to the chip making industry in the first few years of the next decade, has triggered the partners to take a further step in the collaboration. “In 2018 the first chips made on current technology EUV scanners are expected to roll off the production lines of our customers. A lot of work is still being done to ensure the introduction of EUV in volume manufacturing, in tight conjunction with our highly successful immersion scanners which we continue to improve. Yet ASML and ZEISS are looking beyond this important milestone. We see a long and successful future for EUV lithography in advanced chip manufacturing and with this agreement we set the right conditions for development of the next generation of EUV by ASML and Carl Zeiss SMT, so that our customers can reap the rewards of their EUV investments up to the end of the next decade,” said Peter Wennink, President and Chief Executive Officer of ASML. “With this agreement we clear the road for advanced lithography to support the new concepts and designs for future generations of advanced chips. After the many years of fruitful partnership, we see this agreement as a further strong endorsement of our long term cooperation which allows us to further expand our joint leadership that we have already accomplished together”, says Michael Kaschke, President and CEO of ZEISS. The next generation of EUV optics will offer a higher numerical aperture (NA), making it possible to further reduce critical dimensions in the lithography process. The current EUV systems have an optical system with NA of 0.33 whereas the new optics will have NA larger than 0.5, enabling several generations of geometric chip scaling. In addition to the agreement of the minority interest, the two companies have also agreed that ASML will support Carl Zeiss SMT`s research and development (R&D) for approximately EUR 220 million as well as capital expenditures and other supply chain investments for approximately EUR 540 million over the next 6 years. These investments will predominantly be allocated at Carl Zeiss SMT’s main location in Oberkochen, Germany, and will primarily be used for capacity and resource expansions, with positive effects on long-term employment at this location. Carl Zeiss SMT will remain fully integrated into the structure of the ZEISS Group as one of the major and important business groups. “High-NA is the logical next step for EUV, as it circumvents complex and expensive 0.33 NA EUV multiple patterning. High-NA EUV is a robust way for chips to scale all the way down to the sub-3 nanometer logic node in a single exposure with high productivity and reduced cost per feature. That is several generations from where we are today and underlines our commitment to propel Moore’s law,” said Martin van den Brink, President and Chief Technology Officer at ASML. Carl Zeiss SMT will pay an annual dividend to its shareholders Carl Zeiss AG and ASML. ASML expects that the minority share transaction will be accretive to its earnings before adjustments related to purchase price accounting and differences in accounting standards. Furthermore, ASML`s contribution to Carl Zeiss SMT`s R&D and capital expenditures will be taken into account in the future pricing of SMT`s next generation EUV optics to ASML. The transaction has been approved by both companies’ supervisory boards. ASML will fund the transaction from available cash, potentially supplemented by new debt. The transaction is subject to regulatory clearance and is expected to be closed in the second quarter of 2017. Update ASML Share Buyback Program In light of the investments by ASML announced today, ASML will prolong the pause of its share buy back program for the time being. As a result, the 2016-2017 program may not be completed for the full amount. Otherwise, the current program will remain in place, yet it may be further suspended, modified or discontinued at any time. As part of ASML’s financial policy to return excess cash to shareholders through dividends and regularly timed share buyback programs, ASML in January 2016 announced its intention to purchase up to EUR 1.5 billion of shares to be executed within the 2016-2017 time frame. About Moore`s law The phenomenal growth of the semiconductor industry has been driven by Moore’s Law, named after Intel co-founder Gordon Moore. In 1965, Moore observed that the number of components on a chip that could be manufactured at optimum cost had doubled every year. He predicted that this trend would continue. It was an empirical observation, not a law of nature. In the five decades that followed, the “law” has been rewritten several times, but the principle continues: chip makers cram more transistors on ICs with every new generation, making computing power and storage capacity cheaper year after year. Today’s consumers carry more computing power in their pockets than a multi-million-dollar supercomputer could deliver in the 1970s. Moore’s Law has inspired generations of engineers to push technology forward. About ASML ASML is one of the world’s leading manufacturers of chip-making equipment. Our vision is to enable affordable microelectronics that improve the quality of life. To achieve this, our mission is to invent, develop, manufacture and service advanced technology for high-tech lithography, metrology and software solutions for the semiconductor industry. ASML’s guiding principle is continuing Moore’s Law towards ever smaller, cheaper, more powerful and energy-efficient semiconductors. This results in increasingly powerful and capable electronics that enable the world to progress within a multitude of fields, including healthcare, technology, communications, energy, mobility, and entertainment. We are a multinational company with over 70 locations in 16 countries, headquartered in Veldhoven, the Netherlands. We employ more than 15,500 people on payroll and flexible contracts (expressed in full time equivalents). ASML is traded on Euronext Amsterdam and NASDAQ under the symbol ASML. More information about ASML, our products and technology, and career opportunities is available on www.ASML.com. About ZEISS and Carl Zeiss SMT ZEISS is an internationally leading technology enterprise operating in the optics and optoelectronics industries. The ZEISS Group develops and distributes semiconductor manufacturing equipment, measuring technology, microscopes, medical technology, eyeglass lenses, camera and cine lenses, binoculars and planetarium technology. With its solutions, the company constantly advances the world of optics and helps shape technological progress. ZEISS is divided up into the four segments Semiconductor Manufacturing Technology, Research & Quality Technology, Medical Technology, and Vision Care/Consumer Optics. ZEISS is represented in over 40 countries and operates more than 30 production sites, over 50 sales and service locations and about 25 research and development facilities. In fiscal year 2015/16 the company generated revenue of over EUR 4.8 billion with around 25,000 employees. Founded in 1846 in Jena, the company is headquartered in Oberkochen, Germany. Carl Zeiss AG is the strategic management holding company that manages the ZEISS Group. The company is wholly owned by the Carl Zeiss Stiftung (Carl Zeiss Foundation). Further information at www.zeiss.com Regulated Information This press release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation. Forward Looking Statements This document contains statements relating to certain projections and business trends that are forward-looking, including statements with respect to our outlook, including statements about the partnership between ASML and Carl Zeiss SMT, the transactions between ASML and ZEISS discussed herein, including the expected capex and R&Dother investments by ASML, and expected benefits of these transactions, statements with respect to the planned investments by ASML in Carl Zeiss SMT including allocation and use of these investments and expected benefits,, statements about EUV including expected development of EUV and the expected timing of the next generation of EUV systems, new investments required in optical systems to continue EUV development, expected timing for the first chips to be produced by ASML’s customers using EUV, and expected volume manufacturing using EUV and expected timing thereof and expected long and successful future of EUV lithography and expected future investments in EUV, , that customers can reap the rewards of these EUV investments up to the end of the next decade and that the agreement discussed in this release will clear the road for advanced lithography to support new concepts and designs for future generations of advanced ships, the expected NA and other features of next generation EUV products, statements with respect to Moore’s law and the expectation that this transaction will help fuel the development of Moore’s law, statements with respect to Carl Zeiss SMT, including expected dividends and that the transaction will be accretive to earnings, statements with respect to the relationship between ASML and Carl Zeiss SMT and expected benefits thereof , expected closing of the transaction [and expected funding of the transaction by ASML], and other non-historic statements. You can generally identify these statements by the use of words like “may”, “will”, “could”, “should”, “project”, “believe”, “anticipate”, “expect”, “plan”, “estimate”, “forecast”, “potential”, “intend”, “continue” and variations of these words or comparable words. These statements are not historical facts, but rather are based on current expectations, estimates, assumptions and projections about the business and our future financial results and readers should not place undue reliance on them. Forward-looking statements do not guarantee future performance and involve risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include, without limitation, economic conditions, product demand and semiconductor equipment industry capacity, worldwide demand and manufacturing capacity utilization for semiconductors (the principal product of our customer base), including the impact of general economic conditions on consumer confidence and demand for our customers’ products, competitive products and pricing, the impact of any manufacturing efficiencies and capacity constraints, performance of our systems, the continuing success of technology advances and the related pace of new product development and customer acceptance of EUV, delays in EUV systems production and development, our ability to enforce patents and protect intellectual property rights, the risk of intellectual property litigation, availability of raw materials and critical manufacturing equipment, trade environment, changes in exchange rates, the completion of the acquisition by ASML of the 24.9% stake in Carl Zeiss SMT and the performance of Carl Zeiss SMT including dividends paid in the future by Carl Zeiss SMT, the amount of investments and capex required by Carl Zeiss SMT under the arrangements described herein and the performance of the products produced by Carl Zeiss SMT and other risks indicated in the risk factors included in ASML’s Annual Report on Form 20-F and other filings with the US Securities and Exchange Commission. These forward-looking statements are made only as of the date of this document. We do not undertake to update or revise the forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious ASML Reports Record Full-Year 2016 Net Sales and Net Income – Orders for EUV Lithography Systems Show Strong Customer Commitment for Production Insertion Next PostNext Fatal traffic accident in Pat Heung Search Recent Posts World Week Ahead: Bulls holding fast Company fined for incident that left a man a tetraplegic Blue Diamond Ventures, Inc. (BLDV: OTC Pink Current) | Blue Diamond Ventures Publishes 1st Quarter 2017 Linius & IBM Collaborate To Promote & Sell The Linius Video Virtualization Engine™ AOL Research Shows Demand for New Video Formats set to Explode Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 241% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 110% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/21/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 241% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 110% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/21/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Cisco Scooping Up Viptela: The Bargain of 2017? Cisco plans another acquisition. Billy Duberstein (Dubs82) May 21, 2017 at 3:10PM On May 1, Cisco (NASDAQ:CSCO) announced it was buying Viptela, a start-up in the field of SD-WAN (software-defined wide area networking). Wide area networks connect disparate branch offices within a single enterprise over long distances. As one can imagine, application management, security, and performance can become quite complicated when one is dealing with large, disparate offices, a mix of cloud-based and on-premises data centers, connected devices in the Internet of Things, and increased employee mobility. Viptela's technology solutions help with this, providing an easy-to-use application for network orchestration and management from a single dashboard. Cisco is an acquisitive company, having bought 21 companies since the beginning of 2015. The company is attempting to offset declines in its legacy-hardware business by buying up software and cloud companies that have more recurring revenue, and Viptela looks to be another step in that direction. Viptela's team will join Cisco's enterprise router and networking team. Let's dive in to see if the company is a good fit and if the price was right. Image source: Getty Images. Bargain price or cheap for a reason? Cisco is paying $610 million for Viptela, a much lower valuation than the $900 million at which the company was valued last year according to PitchBook. Business Insider reported that an anonymous insider at the company had said it had become tough to make sales. Viptela was known to be a leader in its field, reporting it had 25 of the Fortune 500 companies as clients. Nevertheless, the growth in software-defined networking had attracted strong competition from other start-ups as well as legacy providers. With rising competition and an arduous sales cycle for enterprise software, Business Insider's anonymous source said the founders had run out of steam. Last year the company brought in a new CEO who had previously worked for Cisco as an engineer. Interestingly, Cisco had invested in one of Viptela's competitors, VeloCloud; Cisco itself also had products that competed with Viptela, such as an intelligent WAN platform. Strategic acquisition at a reasonable price Cisco believes that Viptela's technology and leadership position will bolster its current suite of offerings in software-defined networking. Cisco needs to establish itself in this field, as SDN is replacing the "old" Cisco hardware business, where each router and switch had to be programmed manually. Now, "white box" (low-cost hardware) solutions can be used with advanced software to get similar results. This is the phenomenon that is slowly eating away at Cisco's high-priced hardware. Usually, these kinds of "strategic" acquisitions -- those made more for defensive reasons rather than offensive purposes and synergies -- come quite expensively. This was the case when Cisco bought AppDynamics for more than double its expected IPO price on the day before it was supposed to go public. Similarly, Intel paid a high price for its investment in big data start-up Cloudera, so that Cloudera would design its software to run better on Intel chips. The Viptela acquisition seems to be both strategic and, at the same time, inexpensive due to reports that its management was struggling. If there are no lingering management problems, it looks as though Cisco has made a savvy move in picking up Viptela. Billy Duberstein has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Cisco Systems and Intel. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Billy Duberstein (Dubs82) None Article Info May 21, 2017 at 3:10PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Cisco Systems NASDAQ:CSCO $31.21 down $0.17 (-0.54%) Read More 4 Tech Stocks to Buy with Dividends Yielding More than 3% The 3 Best Dividend Stocks in Cybersecurity Cisco Earnings Preview: Recurring Revenue Will Be the Star of the Show Better Buy: CalAmp Corp. vs. Cisco Weak Guidance Tarnishes Cisco's Solid Quarter Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Cisco Scooping Up Viptela: The Bargain of 2017? @themotleyfool #stocks $CSCO
