Breaking News CNN Toggle Search Search Election Results Nation World Our Team CNN.com <div class="banner" id="cnn_300x250_sync_freewheel-rail_0_banner"><span id="cnn_300x250_sync_freewheel-rail_0" class="_fwph"><form id="_fw_form_cnn_300x250_sync_freewheel-rail_0" style="display:none"><input type="hidden" name="_fw_input_cnn_300x250_sync_freewheel-rail_0" id="_fw_input_cnn_300x250_sync_freewheel-rail_0" value="ptgt=s&envp=g_js&w=300&h=250&slau=300x250_sync&adUnit=300x250_sync"></form><span id="_fw_container_cnn_300x250_sync_freewheel-rail_0" class="cn-shingle__ad"></span></span></div> Michael Flynn ran company that lobbied for foreign clients while he received intel briefings By Ryan Browne and Jason Seher, CNN Updated 7:35 PM ET, Fri November 18, 2016 Chat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds. JUST WATCHED Who is Michael Flynn? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH (16 Videos) Who is Michael Flynn? Trump team announces lobbying rule Can Trump be trusted with nuclear weapons? No, Donald Trump is not setting up a 'blind trust' Trump's son-in-law could take powerful White House role Trump on SCOTUS: I'm fine with same-sex marriage 20 things Donald Trump has promised to do in office These are Trump's key promises for his first 100 days Trump transition effort starts with leadership shake-up Obama welcomes Trump to White House The body language behind the Obama-Trump meeting What will happen to Obamacare when Trump takes office? President-elect Donald Trump goes to DC Trump & Obama meet at WH, set nasty history aside The election night twists and turns in under 2 minutes Moments from Donald Trump's victory speech Story highlights Trump camp has taken a series steps to curb the involvement of lobbyists Flynn was overseeing a company that was lobbying on behalf of foreign clients Washington (CNN)Retired Army Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn, President-elect Donald Trump's preferred choice for National Security Adviser, was running a company that was lobbying on behalf of foreign clients even as he was receiving classified intelligence briefings during the campaign. The revelation comes as the Trump camp has taken a series steps to curb the involvement of lobbyists in the presidential transition efforts. Robert Kelley, a former chief counsel to the House National Security Subcommittee and current general counsel and principal at the Flynn Intel Group, filed a lobbying disclosure report with Congress on September 15. According to the official document, Kelley was working on behalf of Inovo BV, a Dutch firm owned by Turkish businessman, Kamil Ekim Alptekin. Alptekin told CNN in an email that the firm works to strengthen "the transatlantic relationship and Turkey's future in that alliance." Read More Kelley's connection to the Flynn Intel Group and Alptekin were first reported in the Daily Caller. Ranking Member of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform Elijah Cummings sent a letter to Trump transition chair Mike Pence expressing concerns over Flynn's "apparent conflict of interest." "President-elect Trump promised during his campaign that he would 'drain the swamp,' but his top national security advisor is Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn, whose firm is reportedly being paid to lobby the U.S. Government by a close ally of Turkey's president," the Maryland Democrat wrote. "It is unclear how Lt. Gen. Flynn was reportedly allowed into intelligence briefings during the campaign despite these apparent conflicts of interest." Trump's transition responded to questions about the lobbying effort with a statement Friday, saying that Flynn's career was within his right as a "private citizen." "After devoting his life to serving his country, Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn became a private citizen and opened a private consulting business to advise companies on various issues. Gen. Flynn has said that he will sever ties to his consulting firm if he ever returned to government service and that is what he will do in the Trump Administration." Alptekin is the chair of the Turkish-American Business Council and helped organize Turkish President Recep Erdogan's 2015 visit to Washington. But while Alptekin acknowledged having a commercial relationship with the Flynn Intel Group, he told CNN that Flynn himself "does not work on my contract." He also adamantly denied any connection to the Turkish government. "Neither Inovo, any of my other companies or my person are affiliated to the Turkish government in any form whatsoever," he said. He added that his company's contract with Flynn's company "is not about representing the position of the Government of Turkey" However, the fact that Flynn was overseeing a company that was lobbying on behalf of foreign clients at the same time he was attending classified briefings alongside Trump seems to complicate the transition, especially given Trump's stated goal of "draining the swamp" in Washington. Flynn, who as America's top military intelligence officer was already privy to volumes of classified material, is obligated to not share that information with any outside entity. While Flynn had the highest level of clearance while serving as the director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, experts on security clearances told CNN that his firm's business arrangements with foreign companies would be closely looked at by background investigators before Flynn could receive additional intelligence briefings in his new role. "They would certainly look at it carefully," Sean Bigley, a security clearance lawyer and former government background investigator told CNN. Although Bigley said there was no restriction on someone like Flynn working for foreign companies upon leaving office he said Flynn would have to inform background investigators of these business relationships in order to be able to continue to receive classified briefings. But other lawyers specializing in security clearance issues said Flynn simply informing investigators of his company's ties to Inovo might not protect him from having his security clearance revoked. Bradley Moss, an attorney who routinely represents defense contractors in security clearance disputes, said Flynn's actions would likely raise a red flag. Flynn's lobbying work, according to Moss, could potentially jeopardize his ability to get cleared as national security advisor. "Security adjudicators would have concerns that someone with Flynn's level of experience wouldn't think twice about sitting in on a classified briefing while working for foreign clients," Moss said. "The moment he sat in on classified briefings, his association with his own company had to be severed." "By not doing that he exposed himself unnecessarily to foreign influence and raised questions about his good judgment," Moss added. Asked about Flynn's business dealings, CNN counterterrorism analyst Phil Mudd told CNN's Wolf Blitzer Friday that that type of work was not unusual and that his activities should not prevent him from taking on the role of national security advisor. "I don't think those should be a bar to duty," he said. But while he said his business relationships were not disqualifying, Mudd, a former CIA analyst, said Flynn's temperament would not serve him well in the role. The intelligence briefs containing some classified were first given to both candidates in August and Flynn accompanied Trump during at least one brief. It is unclear if Flynn informed investigators of his company's ties to Inovo. His representatives did not reply to a request for comment. Flynn told the Wall Street Journal that if he were to officially join the Trump administration he would sever ties with his company, which is described as providing "all source intelligence support to global challenges." "If I return to government service, my relationship with my company will be severed in accordance with the policy announced by President-elect Trump," he said. Flynn's connection to Turkey drew scrutiny after he penned an Election Day op-ed in The Hill newspaper, which said the US should extradite the exiled cleric Fetullah Gulen to Turkey. The Turkish government has accused Gulen of being behind the July coup and has demanded the US hand him over. The Justice Department is currently reviewing the case for extradition. But Alptekin said he and his company had nothing to do with Flynn's op-ed. "If he had asked me whether to publish it, I would have advised against it for a variety of reasons," he said. Jason Seher contributed to this story Content by LendingTree Rates hit 2.75% APR (15 yr). See if you're eligible Reverse mortgage: Worth the risk? Fastest way to pay off $10,000 in credit card debt Vets could receive up to $42k with these VA benefits Transfer your debt to a card with 0% APR for up to 21 months Paid partner content 10 mind-blowing credit cards charging 0% interest until 2018 NextAdvisor 4 home technology essentials Wallpaper A jaw-dropping 21-month 0% intro APR credit card NextAdvisor What's the difference between yams and sweet potatoes? Mother Nature Network 5 elevated city parks to visit Wallpaper Sections Election Results Nation World Our Team Follow us CNN.com © 2016 Cable News Network. Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All Rights Reserved. CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network. Terms of service | Privacy guidelines
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Trending Topics Writers Podcasts Events more Trending Topics Commerce Drones Enterprise Media Mobile Reviews Social Transportation Voices Writers Kara Swisher Dan Frommer Peter Kafka Edmund Lee Walt Mossberg Johana Bhuiyan Jason Del Rey Ina Fried April Glaser Eric Johnson Kurt Wagner Podcasts Events ✕ Apple iPhone Yes, Apple is limiting some iPhone 7 download speeds. But you probably won't notice. This isn’t another Antennagate. by Ina Fried Nov 18, 2016, 6:17pm EST tweet share Linkedin Photo by Spencer Platt/Getty Images A mini firestorm erupted today over a report that Apple was purposely limiting the performance of the modem chip in the iPhone 7. Bloomberg reported that Apple was intentionally throttling the performance of the Qualcomm modem chip inside some versions of the iPhone 7, in order to make it more similar to the Intel chip it was using in some other versions of the phone. That’s true, at least according to sources I talked to. Apple supposedly did this for a simple reason: It wanted the cost savings and flexibility of having two chip sources but also wanted the different versions of the phone to be as similar as possible (to avoid angering AT&T and T-Mobile and their customers in the U.S., for example). The result is that the modem in the Verizon/Sprint version of the phone, while just as good and perhaps a bit better than the one in the AT&T/T-Mobile version, is technically not fully living up to its potential. The real, and harder, question is just how big of a deal this is. The short answer is that it probably results in some loss of download speed, but in the context of other variables like network quality, signal strength and specific phone activity, it is hard to isolate in real usage. A more complete explanation requires getting into the weeds and trying to answer a theoretical-but-difficult question: What would the performance of an iPhone 7 be if it used the full potential of the Qualcomm chip? We don’t know because one doesn’t exist. Since we can’t answer that, we have to look at the question a couple of other ways. One can compare an iPhone 7 with a Qualcomm X12 modem to one with an Intel XMM 3360 chip. Bloomberg did that, in conjunction with some analyst firms, and found that the Qualcomm chip still slightly outperformed Intel. But this only tells us that Apple was able to mostly level the playing field, not how uneven it was to begin with. One can also look at how a phone with an unhobbled Qualcomm chip performs and compare that to the Qualcomm-powered iPhone, but that introduces all sorts of other variables as well. For their parts, Intel and Qualcomm both declined comment. Apple, repeating the statement it made to Bloomberg, said that “every iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus meets or exceeds all of Apple's wireless performance standards, quality metrics, and reliability testing.” “In all of our rigorous lab tests based on wireless industry standards, in thousands of hours of real-world field testing, and in extensive carrier partner testing, the data shows there is no discernible difference in the wireless performance of any of the models,” Apple said. But, of course, that just means Apple did its intended job of limiting the Qualcomm chip in such a way that it performs similarly to the Intel one. That answer sheds no light on how fast the Qualcomm iPhone 7 would be absent such limitations. It’s also worth noting that it is not unheard of for companies to have two component sources, creating some performance differences. With the iPhone 6S, for example, Apple had some of its processors made by Samsung’s manufacturing plants and others by Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. The result was not an enormous performance disparity, but some users noticed enough of a difference, especially in battery life, to raise the issue. Nor is it unheard of for product makers to limit some features in order to make the performance of a device consistent regardless of component differences, as Apple appears to have done here. That said, Apple is clearly valuing its own cost savings and supply chain flexibility over peak performance. Had it wanted the greatest speed and compatibility, it could have just used Qualcomm’s chip across all the models. Having made the decision to use Intel modems for some phones and Qualcomm for others, analysts say, Apple was probably wise not to allow one model to have a significant advantage. “Apple chose to use different modems for leverage and redundancy, and carriers had no real say in that,” Jackdaw Research analyst Jan Dawson told Recode. “So it would be a little unfair if Apple allowed, say, Verizon and Sprint to say that their iPhone performs better than AT&T and T-Mobile’s.” Dawson added that device makers often choose not to use all the potential features of a component, and do so for a variety of reasons. “The reality is, of course, that every phone maker makes decisions about how to balance battery life and performance across a variety of components, and so you rarely see a phone that’s maxed out on all possible performance parameters because it would be terrible for battery life,” he said. recode_divider More From Recode ‘SNL’ spoofs the very real San Francisco and New York City culture bubbles Here’s what it’s like to ride in a self-driving Tesla Full transcript: Smosh and ScreenJunkies boss Keith Richman on Recode Media Here’s why Twitter turned down a Donald Trump advertising campaign Amazon is tweaking Donald Trump with a new Prime ad promoting religious tolerance Trump demands the cast of 'Hamilton' apologize for 'harassing' Mike Pence Trending Here’s what companies like Google, Facebook and Apple lost when Trump’s win killed the Trans-Pacific Partnership Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey says a white-supremacy ad the company showed users was a ‘mistake’ LinkedIn’s CEO says more than five million jobs will be lost to new tech by 2020 Here’s the secret to Starry Internet’s plan to beam the internet to your house and break up the broadband monopoly Full transcript: ‘Mr. Robot’ creator Sam Esmail on Recode Decode More in Trending Newsletters Recode Daily Top stories of the day. Recode Event Updates Our signature events sell out quickly. Be amongst the first to know. Recode Product Updates Special series, exclusive interviews and new features. This Article has a component height of 21. The sidebar size is long. The Latest Media Culture Video ‘SNL’ spoofs the very real San Francisco and New York City culture bubbles by Kurt Wagner “We’ll be fine — right here in the bubble.” Tesla Transportation Video Here’s what it’s like to ride in a self-driving Tesla by Kurt Wagner The future, everybody. Podcasts Media YouTube Full transcript: Smosh and ScreenJunkies boss Keith Richman on Recode Media by Recode Staff Defy Media’s president has made a bunch of people internet famous. Now he wants to make them just plain famous. Social Twitter Advertising Here’s why Twitter turned down a Donald Trump advertising campaign by Kurt Wagner Twitter didn’t want people to think it was sponsoring anti-Hillary ads. Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Masthead Sponsorships Podcasts Newsletters All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Temp: 64° NEWS Seen On 13 Brevard Flagler Lake Marion Orange Osceola Seminole Sumter Volusia State National Health Space Español WEATHER StormTracker 13 Radar Weather Photos Forecast Marine Travel Sky 13 Cameras Tropical Hurricane Center Weather Experts Blog TRAFFIC Traffic News Gas Tracker Traffic Inbox Traffic Cams I-4 Ultimate SPORTS TV Schedule Scores & Schedules High School In the Community College Pro Outdoors Contact Sports Video ON THE TOWN Entertainment News Food and Dining Travel Attractions Thanksgiving Black Friday COMMUNITY Special Events Community Calendar Education Project Weather Everyday Hero Good News POLITICS Florida Decides Political Connections Inauguration BUSINESS Your Job Your Transportation Technology Consumer Wise Economy Extra on the Web LOTTO VIDEO NEWS TRENDING: SunRail service for Florida Classic | Disney drone show | Weekend weather WEATHER: Check out the Weather Experts' latest forecast | StormTracker 13 live radar New 'show drones' at Disney Springs starts Sunday Disney Springs and Intel give media a special early viewing of holiday drone show, 'Starlight Holidays.' (PHOTO: Allison Walker Torres, Staff) By Allison Walker Torres, Entertainment Reporter/Anchor Last Updated: Friday, November 18, 2016, 5:44 PM EST LAKE BUENA VISTA --  Disney Springs is rolling out a brand new holiday show featuring drones. "Starlight Holidays - an Intel Collaboration" is touted as a first-of-its-kind light show featuring 300 Intel Shooting Star show drones. Drones over Disney Springs light up in more than 4 billion color combinations Drone show coming to Disney Springs starts Sunday, Nov. 20 Christmas tree trail, other activities available at Disney Springs "[I got] a little knotted up in my throat watching it," said Brian Mahan, Orlando, after catching the sneak peek in the sky. "It was pretty amazing. Unexpected." "I think the music with it makes it even more enjoyable - it gets you wrapped up in it a little more," said Judy Cook of Pennsylvania, gesturing to a lump in the throat. The drones have built-in LED lights that can create more than 4 billion color combinations. “We are excited to work with Walt Disney Imagineering to bring a fresh and innovative approach to its world-renowned light shows,” Senior Vice President and General Manager of Intel’s New Technology Group Josh Walden, said in a statement. “Together, we worked to tackle the new frontier of entertainment, picturing the sky as our canvas, and flying lights as ink.” "What a surprise," Brandon Saldivar of Orlando said. "Talk about being innovative." "I compared it to regular fireworks and this is a lot neater in the sense that they stay up there," said Judy's husband, Joe. &amp;nbsp; Get this - the drones are controlled by a single pilot. But Disney Springs Marketing Manager Darcy Clark says they do have a back-up. She's also surprised by the weight of each drone. "They're extremely light," Clark said. "They actually weigh less than a volleyball." So we had to ask - where do they fly off to when the show's over? "Disney magic!" Clark laughed. "It's the magic of Disney, Allison!" The "Starlight Holidays" will debut Sunday for nightly performances at 7 p.m. and 8:30 p.m. The show will run through Jan. 8. Meanwhile, another new attraction at Disney Springs for the holiday season is its Christmas Tree Trail. "It's a full experience in the Marketplace," said Nico Agrusa, Disney Springs' Marketing Coordinator. "Each tree is decorated specifically for some of our Disney stories." From Cinderella and Beauty & the Beast to Mickey and Minnie at the head of the trail. Whether it's baby's first Christmas or your first as a couple, the trail features 15 trees to serve as your holiday photo backdrop. Also taking place right now, special seasonal entertainment, meet and greets with Santa, and festive decor throughout all four neighborhoods – Town Center, The Landing, West Side and Marketplace. latest news: christmas SunRail to run Saturday for Florida Classic, Magic games Tampa transforms Curtis Hixon Park for the holidays Send us a photo of your holiday home New 'show drones' at Disney Springs starts Sunday Send us photos of your holiday home New shows debut at Disney's Magic Kingdom Grinchmas, Macy's parade return to Universal Orlando holidays Consumer Wise: Hiring a professional holiday light decorating team New holiday experiences arrive at Disney Springs StormTracker 13 Radar Learn more  |  BHTV for iOS  |  BHTV for Android  |  BHTV for Kindle Fire  |  PC/Laptop Get the News 13+ App Download the News 13+ app for the latest News, Weather and Real Time Traffic at your fingertips. LIVE interactive Stormtracker 13 radar Custom Safety Net storm alerts LIVE interactive Real Time Traffic Upload pictures to News 13 from the app Community Calendar Find out what's happening in your neighborhood and submit your event now! All Events Brevard County Flagler County Lake County Marion County Orange County Osceola County Seminole County Sumter County Volusia County Breaking News Alerts Get instant Breaking News, Weather & Traffic alerts delivered directly to your cell phone or email with News 13 NOW. It's easy to sign up! &amp;amp;amp;nbsp; Nominate an Everyday Hero Every Monday, News 13 salutes an Everyday Hero making a positive difference in Central Florida. Do you know someone who should be an Everyday Hero? Let us know! Project Weather Weather can be mysterious, exciting and sometimes dangerous. That's why News 13 created Project Weather to help provide kids with the information they need to stay safe. Project Weather is made up of interactive educational resources to help prepare students for the future. News 13 Partners Stay In Touch Join us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Subscribe to our Feeds Service Tools Breaking News Alerts Severe Weather Alerts News 13 App Center News 13 Watch Live Spectrum Email Make Us Your Home Page Marketplace Advertise with Us Your Neighborhood Partners Bay News 9 Spectrum Sports Charter Communications InfoMás Orlando Business Journal CNN.com About Us Contact Us Jobs Our People Awards Crime Guidelines Studio Tour Seen on 13 Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy. ©2016 Charter Communications. All rights reserved. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Bright House Networks' parent, Charter Communications Operating, LLC.
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Microsoft Tech Microsoft says it will tie executive bonuses to diversity hiring goals After the number of women employees declines by Nick Statt@nickstatt Nov 18, 2016, 6:02pm EST share tweet Linkedin Following a year of decline in the number of women that make up its workforce, Microsoft says it will now tie executive bonuses to the company’s diversity efforts, according to a report in Bloomberg. The move is a form of pressure to incentivize top leadership to reform the company’s hiring practices in an effort to include more women and minorities. After Microsoft wrote off the acquisition of Nokia’s handset unit and fired thousands of employees, it saw its percentage of female employees dip to 25.8 percent from 26.8 percent a year ago. The move mirrors that of fellow tech company Intel, which in August of 2015 announced it would commit $300 million to improve the diversity of its workforce. As part of the initiative, Intel CEO Brian Krzanich said his company would tie executive compensation to meeting the diversity goals it sets. As of February 2016, Intel has surpassed its initial goals by raising the number of women and minorities represented in new hires to 43 percent. Microsoft is following Intel by financially pressuring its leadership to diversify hiring So while Intel has shone that this strategy works, there’s also a personal element at play. Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella is still reminded regularly of a controversy he sparked two years ago when speaking at the Grace Hopper Celebration, a women in tech conference held annually in Houston, Texas. When asked how women should go about actively closing the pay gap, Nadella adviser the audience of women technologists to have faith and hope for adequate rewards, instead of asking to be paid fairly. It did not go over well. “I answered that question completely wrong,” Nadella said in a statement issued after his onstage appearance. “If you think you deserve a raise, you should just ask.” The aftermath of the gaffe has made diversity a particular focus of Nadella at Microsoft, and the executive has shifted funding to help bolster internship programs and better equip the company’s human resources group to meet diversity goals. “Diversity and inclusion is something you’ve got to ingrain, you’ve got to keep talking about the business value, you’ve got to keep talking about the impact,” said Gwen Houston, Microsoft’s chief diversity and inclusion officer, in an interview with Bloomberg. “That’s what Satya has been doing. We, of course, have more to do.” - Source: Bloomberg More From The Verge Sand's End Facebook won’t call itself a media company. Here’s how it can still support journalism Trump’s chief strategist Steve Bannon suggests having too many Asian tech CEOs undermines ‘civic society’ Facebook's Like button is a built-in filter bubble Your life will be a video game Supported By Consider the PS4 Pro before you buy that expensive gaming PC Now Trending Black Friday 2016: All the best deals in one place Sand's End MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: a touch of the future This Article has a component height of 8. The sidebar size is medium. The Latest How to be human: everyone feels this insecure... right? by Leah Reich Leah Reich was one of the first internet advice columnists. Her column "Ask Leah" ran on IGN, where she gave advice to gamers for two and a half years. During the day, Leah is Slack’s user researcher, but her views here do not represent her... TL;DR Web Culture Home videos of 1990s Japan are the YouTube equivalent of a warm blanket by Russell Brandom@russellbrandom In 1990, Tokyo resident Lyle Hiroshi Saxon began filming video of his life. Most of his videos, which he’s graciously put on YouTube, are simple walking shots of train stations or city streets. You’ll get a few seconds of a group of businessmen,... TL;DR Gaming Watch This Pokémon’s emphasis on collaboration turned it into a global community by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak When Pokémon Go hit smartphones this summer, it was an unprecedented hit. It broke records in app stores, caused floods of people to converge in public parks, and might even become a movie. The game was an impressive demonstration of the... New, 1 comment Watch This Entertainment Essay Arrival’s director also made Enemy, a movie that argues history will repeat itself by Kaitlyn Tiffany French-Canadian director Denis Villeneuve premiered his first two English-language films in 2013. One was the blockbuster psychological thriller Prisoners. The lesser-known, Enemy, is a moody, enthralling nightmare of a movie that seems to be... New, 2 comments Transportation Cars GM Chevy’s Bolt EV to have limited availability in 2016, with wider rollout next spring by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak General Motors had long been planning to release its all-electric Chevy Bolt before the end of 2016 — and it will, but only in California and Oregon. Wider availability — basically the rest of the country — will need to wait until 2017 says The... New, 10 comments Tech Transportation Cars BMW reportedly ends its self-driving car partnership with Chinese tech giant Baidu by Andrew J . Hawkins@andyjayhawk Splittsville Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Business More News Features Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger Patrick Norton More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best Of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Computing > Asus crams two GTX 1080 graphics chips into new… Asus crams two GTX 1080 graphics chips into new GX800 laptop for PC gamers By Kevin Parrish — November 18, 2016 10:58 AM Subscribe to this topic Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends The Republic of Gamers division at Asus announced this week the upcoming launch of a new gaming laptop with dual GeForce GTX 1080 graphics chips in SLI mode, and an external liquid cooling dock to keep the overclocked components chilled inside. It’s called the GX800, and comes packed with an 18.4-inch screen backed by Nvidia’s G-Sync technology to provide the ultimate gaming-on-the-go at a 4K UHD resolution. So let’s just get to the meat with a nice table: Display: 18.4-inch LED-backlit with G-Sync Resolution: 3,840 x 2,160 Processor: Intel Core i7-6820HK Chipset: Intel CM236 Express Graphics: 2x GeForce GTX 1080 in SLI VRAM: 16GB combined Memory: Up to 64GB DDR4 @ 2,800MHz Storage: 3x 512GB PCIe Gen 3×4 SSDs (RAID 0) Networking: Wireless AC, Bluetooth 4.1 Webcam: HD Audio: 4x 3-watt speakers, array microphone Ports: 1x Microphone jack 1x Headphone jack 2x USB 3.1 Type-C 3x USB 3.0 Type-A 1x Ethernet 1x HDMI 1x Mini DisplayPort 1x SD card reader 1x Docking port Battery: 76 watt-hours (8-cell) Size: 18.03 x 13.30 x 17.87 inches Weight: 12.56 pounds Hyro Overclocking System size: 14.13 x 16.45 x 5.23 inches Hydro Overclocking System Weight: 10.36 pounds Operating system: Windows 10 Home or Windows 10 Pro The processor offered in this new Asus ROG laptop was released in the third quarter of 2015, thus it’s a sixth-generation “Skylake” processor, and not from Intel’s current “Kaby Lake” lineup of notebook processors. On its own, the i7-6820HK chip costs $378, and packs four cores, eight threads, and a max power requirement of 45 watts. The base clock speed is 2.70GHz and the max turbo speed is 3.60GHz while the integrated HD Graphics 530 component has a base clock of 350MHz and a max speed of 1.05GHz. Backing this processor are two Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 graphics processors with a combined VRAM capacity of 16GB. Keep in mind that a single GTX 1080 costs $600, so expect to pay at least $1,578 solely based on the CPU and GPUs alone. This trio will provide one heck of a PC gaming punch, backed by up to 64GB of DDR4 system memory and a speedy SSD. More: Asus’ powerful new gaming laptop has the muscle for virtual reality The new laptop will be paired with the company’s Hydro Overclocking System, an external device that connects to the laptop to liquid-cool the GPUs and CPU for “extreme” overclocking. This system will enable the processor to be overclocked up to 4.2GHz and the GPUs up to 1.9GHz thanks to the coolant pumped in and circulated around the three chips. The circulated air is then returned to the cooling module that consists of two radiators for dissipating the heat. To handle the cooling system, the laptop is packed with two 330-watt power adapters. “Some may question this solution and ask why not put the graphics cards in the dock, quite simply put — GX800 is created for the ultimate experience whether you’re near the dock or not,” the company said this week. “No, putting the dock on your lap is absolutely not necessary. In addition, if using a dock with external graphics air-cooled, compromises are necessary when it comes to bulk and silent operation.” Other notable features packed into the new Asus ROG laptop include a MechTAG keyboard that relies on mechanical switches. This keyboard offers 2.5mm of key travel, 100 percent anti-ghosting, a 30-key rollover, and RGB LED effects that can be customized for each key. The laptop is obviously ready for virtual reality, too, as it is capable of cranking out frame rates way beyond the required 90 frames per second. As always, Asus didn’t provide any information on when this laptop will be available, or on how much the base configuration will cost.  But it won’t come cheap given the added liquid-cooling dock, the ROG backpack, and the ROG suitcase.
About Contatti Legals Cookie Policy Scrivici Facebook Twitter RSS Padovanews il primo quotidiano online di Padova News locali Arte e cultura Ambiente e salute Attualita Cronaca Economia e lavoro Eventi e spettacoli Politica Provincia News Veneto Cronaca Cultura Economia Politica Tax and Legal News nazionali cronaca nazionale Cultura e societa’ dalle regioni economia e finanza esteri politica nazionale Speciali Green Life Lavoro Salute Immediapress Video Cronaca Curiosita Esteri Gossip Sport Natalino Balasso Padova e provincia Rubriche Tutela dei cittadini Visto e provato Che borsa che fa Sociale Foto notizie Video notizie Ultimora 20 novembre 2016 | 20 novembre 2016 | Genoa battuto 3-1, la Lazio continua a volare 20 novembre 2016 | Genoa ko 3-1 e la Lazio continua a volare 20 novembre 2016 | Roma ko 2-1 e quinta vittoria di fila dell'Atalanta. La Juve vola a + 7 sui giallorossi 20 novembre 2016 | ASSEMBLEA SOCI LEGAMBIENTE PADOVA. Sabato 19 novembre: ripartiamo da urbanistica e mobilità Ricerca per: Home Speciali Immediapress Sigfox, the World's Leading Provider of Internet of Things Connectivity, Announces a Record Funding Round Posted By: Redazione Web 18 novembre 2016 – Sigfox, the world’s leading provider of connectivity for the Internet of Things (IoT), today announced it is closing its Series E funding round of €150 million to accelerate the expansion of its global network and soon reach worldwide coverage. Salesforce, Total, Henri Seydoux, Alto Invest, Swen CP and Tamer Group will join Sigfox as new investors. Existing shareholders including Bpifrance, Elliott, Intel Capital, Air Liquide, Idinvest Partners and IXO, will also re-invest in the company. Additional new investors are also expected to join this financing round shortly to reach the €150 million level. The IoT space opens up new and exciting opportunities by connecting the physical world to the Internet. With its global network, Sigfox gives a voice to billions of objects, allowing them to play a pivotal role in our social and economic development. In just five years, Sigfox has built a unique global wireless network that provides a simple, efficient connectivity solution, enabling devices to connect to the cloud at ultra low-cost and using minimal energy. No other network than Sigfox’s has a worldwide footprint and can claim to connect fully autonomous energy harvesting objects. Thanks to Sigfox, every object will connect to the cloud at minimal cost, by relying only on the surrounding energy sources. This promise, along with the significant developments made by the company over the past 18 months, have contributed to the successful closing of this round of funding. With more than 10 million objects registered on its network and coverage currently spanning 26 countries, Sigfox is reinforcing its position as a global leader in the IoT space. This new round of funding will enable the company to expand its international network to 60 countries by 2018 and reach financial breakeven point. The company sees Industry 4.0 as one of the main growth paths driving the development of the IoT. The need for predictive maintenance as well as the continued evolution of its business model towards more services could be some of the reasons behind Total’s decision to join other shareholders supporting Sigfox’s international development. “We are happy to accompany the development of Sigfox because the technology it offers can be decisive to accelerate the deployment of the Internet of things. It is their advance acquired on the market in a short time and their capacity to accelerate the deployment of large-scale IoT solutions that motivated our investment”, commented Patrick Pouyanne’, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Total. “This type of solution will improve the performance and operational safety of industrial activities, reduce operating costs, but also be used to serve customers “ Another key opportunity is the optimisation of industrial processes leveraging big data. For this reason, Sigfox plans to integrate with Salesforce’s IoT Cloud, unlocking insights from the connected world that empower any business to take the right action, for the right customer, at the right time across global consumer and business use cases. By connecting billions of objects and events, Sigfox and Salesforce IoT Cloud can facilitate deep and meaningful customer experiences via its global, homogenous and scalable network. Intel Capital, Idinvest Partners and IXO PE, which are historical shareholders of Sigfox, actively participated in this round. “We strongly believe that Sigfox has unlocked the IoT connectivity bottleneck and will bring billions of objects online in the near future. Its cost effective, easy to use, open platform solution is set to become the standard for low power object connectivity, bringing massive productivity gains to the corporate world and everyday benefits to end customers”, said Franck Tuil, Elliott’s Senior Portfolio Manager. “I created Parrot 22 years ago, and I know how much it takes to carry out ambitious projects on a large scale. I am impressed by the huge progress made by Sigfox over the last three years I have spent as a member of Sigfox’s board of directors. I am now convinced of the colossal growth potential of the market Sigfox successfully addresses. Alongside the financial investment I am making today in the company, I am willing to provide Sigfox’s management with my support as an entrepreneur”, said Henri Seydoux, CEO of Parrot. “The Internet of Things is one of the next big transformational technologies, and we are proud to support Sigfox as the infrastructure leader. We are pleased to see a strong startup ecosystem being built around this world-class technology.”, said Paul Francois Fournier, Executive Director of Bpifrance. Commenting on the announcement, Xavier Drilhon, deputy CEO of Sigfox said, “I joined Sigfox 18 months ago because of the incredibly powerful vision of its founders and the unique positioning of the company as a fundamental enabler of the IoT revolution. Our rapid international expansion made possible thanks to the support of our local operators, as well as the growth of our ecosystem, were key to securing this new fundraising. This will allow the company to accelerate the deployment of its network from 26 countries today to over 60 within the next two years, representing 90 per cent of the worldwide GDP.” “When we met in 2010, we agreed that Sigfox could change the world by bringing the virtual and physical worlds together through a new paradigm based on the fundamental principles of astrophysics. Today, we have created the equivalent of the world’s largest radio telescope for IoT. Our network is able to connect hundreds of billions of objects to the Internet through advanced radio techniques.” said Ludovic Le Moan and Christophe Fourtet, co-founders of Sigfox. The round comprises a “greenshoe” that will allow new strategic and financial partners to join the share capital of Sigfox shortly. Lazard and Goldman Sachs acted as financial advisors to Sigfox, with Skadden acting as legal advisor and Callisto acting as financial advisors to the management. Sigfox pictures are availablehere About Sigfox Sigfox is the world’s leading provider of connectivity for the Internet of Things (IoT). The company has built a global network to connect billions of devices to the Internet while consuming as little energy as possible, as simply as possible. Sigfox’s unique approach to device-to-cloud communications addresses the three greatest barriers to global IoT adoption: cost, energy consumption, and global scalability. Today, the network is present in 26 countries and on track to cover 60 by 2018 – covering a population of 397 million people. With millions of objects connected and a rapidly growing partner ecosystem, Sigfox empowers companies to create new innovations on the IoT. Founded in 2010 by Ludovic Le Moan and Christophe Fourtet, the company is headquartered in Labe’ge near Toulouse, France’s “IoT Valley”. Sigfox also has offices in Paris, Madrid, Munich, Boston, San Francisco, Dubai and Singapore. For more information, see http://www.sigfox.com and follow us on Twitter, Facebook and Youtube About Total Energy Ventures Total Energy Ventures is Total’s venture capital arm for investing in energy start-ups. Its investments support the development of innovative businesses in areas such as renewable energies, energy efficiency, energy storage, digital energy and sustainable transportation About ALIAD Created in 2013, Air Liquide Venture Capital, ALIAD, is the Air Liquide Group’s venture capital investor. ALIAD’s role is to take minority stakes in innovative technology start-ups. Thanks to its customer knowledge and its industrial and technological expertise, ALIAD supports the growth of innovative startups for the future of technologies. Its involvement is illustrated by R&D and business privileged agreements between the startups and the Group’s other entities. For more information, see http://www.airliquide.com/connected-innovation/aliad-venture-capital About Alto Invest Alto Invest is a capital management company investing primarily in small and mid-sized fast-growing companies. Alto Invest’s team is highly experienced in managing private equity portfolios on behalf of institutional and private clients, and it made more than 90 private equity investments in Europe. Alto Invest is fully approved by the French financial authorities (Autorite’ des Marche’s Financiers) and is an active member of the French Asset Management Association (Association Francaise de la Gestion Financie’re). For more information, see http://www.altoinvest.fr About Bpifrance Equity investment are operated by Bpifrance Investissement. Bpifrance, a subsidiary of the French state and the Caisse des De’pots and the entrepreneurs’ trusted partner, finances businesses from the seed phase to IPO, through loans, guarantees and equity investments. Bpifrance also provides operational services and strong support for innovation, export, and external growth in partnership with Business France and Coface. Bpifrance offers to businesses a large range of financing opportunities at each key step of their development, including offers adapted to regional specificities. With its 47 regional offices (90% of decisions are made locally) Bpifrance represents a strategic tool for economic competitiveness dedicated to entrepreneurs. Bpifrance acts as a back-up for initiatives driven by the French State and the Regions to tackle 3 goals: With Bpifrance, businesses benefit from a powerful, efficient and close representative, to answer all their needs in terms of financing, innovation and investment. For more information, see http://www.bpifrance.fr and follow us on Twitter @bpifrance. About Elliott Management Corporation Elliott Management Corporation is an investment firm founded in 1977 that today manages approximately $29 billion of capital for both institutional and individual investors. Elliott is a multi-strategy firm with offices in New York, London, Hong Kong, Tokyo and Menlo Park active in debt, equities, commodities, currencies and various other asset classes across a range of industries. The firm’s principal objective is to generate a return which is as high as is consistent with a goal of minimizing losses during adverse financial market periods. For more information, see http://www.elliottmgmt.com. About Idinvest Partners With more than €7 billion under management and 80 people, Idinvest Partners is a leading pan-European manager focused on the middle market segment. Idinvest Partners has developed several complementary areas of expertise including investments in innovative European start-ups, primary, secondary and mezzanine investments in European non-listed companies, and private equity consulting. Founded under the name AGF Private Equity in 1997, Idinvest Partners was formerly part of the Allianz group until 2010 when it became independent. For more information, see http://www.idinvest.com. About Intel Capital Intel Capital, Intel’s strategic investment and M&A organization, backs innovative startups targeting computing and smart devices, cloud, datacenter, security, the Internet of Things, wearable and robotic technologies and semiconductor manufacturing. Since 1991, Intel Capital has invested US$11.8 billion in 1,470 companies worldwide, and 617 portfolio companies have gone public or been acquired. Through its business development programs, Intel Capital curates thousands of introductions each year between its portfolio executives and Intel’s customers and partners in the Global 2000. For more information on what makes Intel Capital one of the world’s most powerful venture capital firms, visit http://www.intelcapital.com or follow @Intelcapital. About IXO Private Equity IXO Private Equity is an independent company 100 % held by its management team. It manages an asset portfolio in capital-investment of €570m. Funds made out from type FIP/FCPI’s public offer represent €220m. FPCI’s funds (ex FCPR) mainly signed by institutional investors represent, as for them, €350m. Located in Toulouse, Marseille and Lyon, IXO Private Equity invests equity amounts between €1m and €15m per project in PME located in the South of France (South-East – South-West). For more information, see http://www.ixope.fr About Salesforce Ventures Salesforce Ventures-Salesforce’s corporate investment group-invests in the next generation of enterprise technology to help companies connect with their customers in entirely new ways. Portfolio companies receive funding as well as access to the world’s largest cloud ecosystem and the guidance of Salesforce’s innovators and executives. With Salesforce Ventures, portfolio companies can also leverage the expertise of the Salesforce Foundation to incorporate its 1-1-1 model of integrated philanthropy to make giving back part of their business model. Salesforce has invested in more than 150 enterprise cloud startups since 2009. For more information, see http://www.salesforce.com/ventures About Swen Capital Partners Swen Capital Partners is an investment management company specialized in private equity, private infrastructure and private debt. With €3.2Bn under management, Swen Capital Partners provides: Swen Capital Partners is OFI’s and Arke’a Investment Services’ subsidiary. For more information, see http://www.swen-cp.fr About Tamer Group Tamer Group is a leading healthcare, beauty care, prestige products, and fast moving consumer goods company responding to the growing needs of the Saudi and Middle East communities. The Group’s core activities are import, distribution, promotion, marketing and manufacturing. Today, Tamer Group has established a special position in the Saudi marketplace, resulting from a unique approach to business, service and customer portfolio. Headquartered in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia, Tamer Group serves many of the world’s leading companies through various agreements, partnerships, and joint ventures. For more information, see http://www.tamergroup.com Sigfox ContactsLaurence Collet, media relations Sigfox[email protected] +33-7-86-27-36-43Simon Chan, Edelman for Sigfox[email protected] +44(0)7875-198-091 (Immediapress – Adnkronos Immediapress e’ un servizio di diffusione di comunicati stampa in testo originale redatto direttamente dall’ente che lo emette. Padovanews non e’ responsabile per i contenuti dei comunicati trasmessi.) Vedi anche: Megaport Launches Capital Raising Heliatek Raises €80 Million Parallel Wireless Selected by Telefonica to Support Digital… MP Objects Raises $10M Growth Equity From Updata Partners loading... SHARE TWEET PIN SHARE Previous post Next post 20 novembre 2016 20 novembre 2016 ASSEMBLEA SOCI LEGAMBIENTE PADOVA. Sabato 19 novembre: ripartiamo da urbanistica e mobilità 20 novembre 2016 ASSEMBLEA SOCI LEGAMBIENTE PADOVA. Sabato 19 novembre: ripartiamo da urbanistica e mobilità 20 novembre 2016 Acquisto auto usate: segno positivo per Padova 19 novembre 2016 Questura di Padova: Bandi di gara e contratti 19 novembre 2016 E’ tempo di feste consortili! 18 novembre 2016 Questura di Padova: Controllo di Polizia nel campo nomadi in via Longhin Multimedia 20 novembre 2016 Genoa battuto 3-1, la Lazio continua a volare 20 novembre 2016 Genoa ko 3-1 e la Lazio continua a volare 20 novembre 2016 Roma ko 2-1 e quinta vittoria di fila dell'Atalanta. La Juve vola a + 7 sui giallorossi 20 novembre 2016 Grande rimonta Samp, da 0-2 a 3-2 in sette minuti e Sassuolo ko 20 novembre 2016 Pacchi, vendite, ristoranti e consegne: a Natale arriva lavoro per 18mila 20 novembre 2016 Il City prepara l'assalto a Messi, piano da 230 mln di euro 20 novembre 2016 Sciopero personale delle Ferrovie venerdi' 25, rischio disagi per i viaggiatori Criticamente Fidarsi è bene non fidarsi è meglio? Un business intoccabile chiamato “Cancro SPA” Sylos Labini: solo lo Stato può salvarci dall’inferno dell’euro La Monsanto ha brevettato la sterilità. Ci vendono un seme che cresce fa il frutto e poi muore Il Nobel dell’economia Stiglitz vede la morte della zona euro entro 10 anni Rete eventi provincia di Padova Speciale Eventi Festività Natalizie Speciale Eventi Festività Natalizie Speciale Eventi Festività Natalizie 2016 Speciale Eventi Festività Natalizie Speciale Eventi Festività Natalizie Speciale Eventi Festività Natalizie Musica Tra Due Giubilei Musica tra due Giubilei Musica tra due Giubilei Musica tra due Giubilei Padovanews è un periodico iscritto nel Registro della stampa del Tribunale di Padova (numero iscrizione 2072 del 07/03/2007)Editore: Associazone di promozione sociale "Mescool - network creativo indipendente", c.f. 92224760287 - p.iva 04481460287. Iscrizione al registro degli operatori di comunicazione nr. 19506. Tutti i contenuti, quali, il testo, la grafica, le immagini e le informazioni presenti all'interno di questo sito sono con licenza Creative Commons Attribuzione - Non commerciale 2.5 Italia (CC BY-NC 2.5), eccetto dove diversamente specificato. Ogni prodotto, logo o società menzionati in questo sito sono marchi dei rispettivi proprietari o titolari e possono essere protetti da brevetti e/o copyright concessi o registrati dalle autorità preposte. Navigando questo sito accetti l'uso di Cookies e altri sistemi funzionali all'analisi del traffico e al funzionamento del sito web, puoi negare il consenso tramite le impostazioni del tuo browser. Utilità Estrazioni del lotto Oroscopo Mostre e musei Al cinema Cerco lavoro Genoa battuto 3-1, la Lazio continua a volare Genoa ko 3-1 e la Lazio continua a volare Roma ko 2-1 e quinta vittoria di fila dell'Atalanta. La Juve vola a + 7 sui giallorossi ASSEMBLEA SOCI LEGAMBIENTE PADOVA. Sabato 19 novembre: ripartiamo da urbanistica e mobilità I contenuti del portale sono disponibili secondo la licenza Creative Commons (alcuni diritti riservati).
Login Home Sections Latest News Science News Medical News Life News Business News Marketplace  RSS Feeds by Section Expert Pitch Expert Spotlight Expert Features Currently Embargoed Journal Related News Video/Audio Channels Environmental Science Marine Science Cancer Personalized Medicine Pharmaceuticals All Journal News Healthcare Nursing Vision Winter Holidays Wildfires U.S. Politics U.S. Elections News Zika Virus Immigration Guns and Violence Cybersecurity Volcanoes National Infrastructure Drought  RSS Feeds by Channel Wires Archived Wires: Daily Wire SciWire MedWire LifeWire BizWire Special Wires Calendar: Upcoming Theme Wires Experts Expert Pitch Expert Spotlight Expert Features Expert Query Form Advanced Article Search Newsrooms Search Newsrooms/Institutions Rutgers University American Society of Nephrology (ASN) Washington University in St. Louis Stony Brook University University of North Carolina Health Care System University of Wisconsin-Madison Human Factors and Ergonomics Society University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA), Health Sciences About Member Services Services for Journalists Services for Public Users FAQ: Contributors/Source Institutions FAQ: Journalists FAQ: Public Users Participating Institutions Media Subscribers Sample Effectiveness Reports Archived Wires Terms of Service Privacy Policy Our Staff Contact Newswise Blog Newswise Blog Subscribe Now   < Previous Article Return to Article List Next Article > Jefferson Lab’s Newest Cluster Makes Top500 List of Fastest Supercomputers Credit: DOE's Jefferson Lab The SciPhi-XVI supercomputer at Jefferson Lab was just listed as a TOP500 Supercomputer Site on November 14, placing 397th on the 48th edition of the list of the world’s top supercomputers. Article ID: 665051 Released: 17-Nov-2016 3:05 PM EST Source Newsroom: Thomas Jefferson National Accelerator Facility Add to Favorites more news from this source Share MEDIA CONTACT Available for logged-in reporters only CITATIONS CHANNELS Nuclear Physics, Supercomputing, Technology, DOE Science News, Local - Virginia KEYWORDS Supercomputer, QCD, Cluster Computing, Nuclear Physics, High Performance Computing Newswise — For the third time in its history, Thomas Jefferson National Accelerator Facility is home to one of the world’s 500 fastest supercomputers. The SciPhi-XVI supercomputer was just listed as a TOP500 Supercomputer Site on November 14, placing 397th on the 48th edition of the list of the world’s top supercomputers. The Top500 list was announced Monday, Nov. 14, at The International Conference for High Performance Computing, Networking, Storage and Analysis, SC16, in Salt Lake City. It’s announced semi-annually and is comprised of systems that are ranked according to their computation speeds as determined by the LINPACK Benchmark, which is a calculation of a linear system represented by a large double precision dense matrix. SciPhi-XVI was delivered to Jefferson Lab and installed in mid-August and was deployed on Sept. 30 with 200 nodes. An additional 64 nodes were added to the machine in late October, and the High Performance Computing group then benchmarked the machine. The SciPhi-XVI machine benchmarked at 425.8 Teraflops using 256 of its 264 nodes. The cluster’s 264 nodes are comprised of the second-generation Intel® Xeon Phi™ chips, which were released in 2016 and are codenamed Knights Landing. Each node has 64 computing cores, and individual nodes within the machine are connected via the Intel® Omni-Path Architecture, which supports a 100 Gigabit/second data transfer rate between the nodes. “A special Intel distributed LINPACK benchmark software, HPL (High Performance Linpack), was used to rank the Jefferson Lab cluster, and it is based on an open source distribution with performance enhancement for Intel® Xeon Phi™ processors,” said Jie Chen, a member of Jefferson Lab’s High Performance Computing group. “To achieve the performance number for the SciPhi-XVI cluster, a set of HPL running parameters has to be determined through many trials. In particular, the size of the matrix representing the linear equations solved by the HPL was chosen to be 2,457,600.” Jefferson Lab conducts discovery-caliber nuclear physics research in exploring the atomic nucleus and its fundamental constituents, such as protons and neutrons and these particles’ building blocks: quarks and gluons. The theory of how these particles interact -- Quantum Chromodynamics, or QCD, is calculated in the form of lattice QCD, or LQCD. Scientists will use the SciPhi-XVI machine for LQCD calculations, as well as a test system for the use of the Xeon Phi™ processors for analyzing data that is generated in Jefferson Lab’s experimental physics program. The Chroma code, which is used to solve LQCD on the Xeon Phi™ processor platform, will be used with an open source library of equation solvers for LQCD. The High Performance Computing group has been modernizing the freely available Chroma code, so that it will run faster and provide better results, more quickly on the new generations of hardware. “There are always challenges to bringing online state-of-the-art hardware systems. We are very proud of our staff for their hard work and dedication that made this achievement possible,” said Jefferson Lab Chief Information Office, Amber Boehnlein. “This hardware achievement, together with our efforts to continually optimize the performance of our software for the newest systems, positions the laboratory to continue performing great science in high-performance computation.” Jefferson Lab work on Chroma is funded through the U.S. Department of Energy Office of Science. The research is carried out in collaboration with partner institutions, such as DOE’s National Energy Research Scientific Computing Center (NERSC) Exascale Science Application Program (NESAP) and the Scientific Discovery through Advanced Computing (SciDAC) program. NERSC is a DOE Office of Science User Facility at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory. Supercomputer computation time on SciPhi-XVI is allocated based on the recommendations of the United States Lattice Gauge Theory Computational Program (USQCD), a consortium of top LQCD theorists in the United States that spans both high-energy physics and nuclear physics. The USQCD consortium developed the QUDA code library that is used with the Chroma code. Jefferson Science Associates, LLC, a joint venture of the Southeastern Universities Research Association, Inc. and PAE, manages and operates the Thomas Jefferson National Accelerator Facility for the U.S. Department of Energy's Office of Science. DOE’s Office of Science is the single largest supporter of basic research in the physical sciences in the United States, and is working to address some of the most pressing challenges of our time. For more information, visit science.energy.gov. Permalink to this article COMMENTS | COMMENTING POLICY Comment/Share Share Leave a comment... Commenting policy ©2016 Newswise, Inc 215 5th St. SW, Suite 100, Charlottesville VA 22903 434-296-9417 Privacy Notice Terms of Service Contact Us 1.1534 seconds Follow Us Hide the chat Chat now!
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Surveillance camera compromised in 98 seconds Launch set for GOES-R satellite capable of 30-second weather updates Hyperloop One settles hangman lawsuit Three CEO confirms hack, 133,827 customers were exposed Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH AWS shines light on Virginia solar scheme EMC crying two SAN breakup tears HPE is creaming Dell in HPC Permabit pulls on Red Hat, opens arms for a Linux cuddle Windows cmd.exe deposed by PowerShell Microsoft ❤️ Linux? Microsoft ❤️ running its Windows' SQL Server software on Linux Mozilla launches 'privacy edition' Firefox... that phones home Alibaba misses Java seat as MicroProfile champ lands a first Surveillance camera compromised in 98 seconds Three to appear in court over TalkTalk hack Hackers' modular worm builder hoses popular team web chat apps Three Mobile, two alleged hackers, one big customer database heist The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Infrastructure as code: The road to continuous everything Microsoft's development platform today: What you need to know Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? Policy The Channel Hyperloop One settles hangman lawsuit Three CEO confirms hack, 133,827 customers were exposed Samsung flames out as Chinese march on Contracts trading personal data for digital content: Rights to remedy, redress required Why I just bought a MacBook Air instead of the new Pro Apple admits the iPhone 6 Plus has 'Touch Disease' Qualcomm taps Samsung to make next-gen 10nm Snapdragon Nokia's great lost smartwatch? #SavedYouALandfill SPB Geek's Guide Launch set for GOES-R satellite capable of 30-second weather updates Pluto has massive underground oceans, say astro-boffins Physicists have built the world's fastest quantum simulator NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things AI can now tell if you're a criminal or not Intel lays out its AI strategy until 2020 IoT upstart Sigfox gulps down €150m funding but falls short of target AI gives porn peddlers a helping hand Verity Stob Customer data security is our highest priori- ha ha ha whatever, suckers Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 Searching for 'Fatty Kim the Third' banned on Chinese social media 'Post-truth' beats 'chatbot' to Word of the Year Crown More like this Ai Emergent Tech Artificial Intelligence Intel lays out its AI strategy until 2020 No sign of GPUs though 18 Nov 2016 at 20:07, Katyanna Quach Katyanna Quach Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Ai, Nasa Recent Articles AI can now tell if you're a criminal or not Intel lays out its AI strategy until 2020 Physicists have built the world's fastest quantum simulator Intel has flexed its AI muscles and beefed up its services with a bunch of new products and collaborations, in an effort to adapt to the technological upheaval of intelligent software. At Intel’s first “AI Day” in San Francisco, Brian Krzanich, CEO, said the company is “continuing to evolve” and working to provide an “end-to-end AI solution” to allow companies to easily integrate intelligence into their infrastructures. As data generated by companies continues to pile up, the interest in analyzing that data using machine learning and AI has been piqued. The largest technology companies are all making big investments and staking their claims in AI. But while companies such as Google and Microsoft have developed libraries of machine learning tools such as TensorFlow and Cognitive Toolkit, Intel is more focused on updating servers to cope with the intense computation required to process and train AI systems. It has a long history in the semiconductor business, and is making a bold move to retain its "Chipzilla" status by developing its own AI chips. Unlike its main rival Nvidia, Intel has decided to steer clear of GPUs (graphics processing units) – an area where it has little influence – and is instead offering its “Lake Crest” chips, which will be available in 2017. A more powerful chip code-named “Knights Crest” is also in development to be integrated with its Xeon processor series. Both chips are geared toward powering neural networks for deep learning, and promise to optimize performance. Diane Bryant, EVP and GM of the Data Center Group at Intel, announced that Intel plans to slash the time it takes to train neural networks 100-fold by 2020 through its chips and processors. It’s an ambitious goal, and heavily supported by Nervana – a deep learning company that Intel acquired in August. A preliminary version of Intel’s latest Xeon processor, known as “Skylake,” has begun shipping to select cloud service providers. The next upgrade to its Xeon Phi processors code-named “Knights Mill” will be available in the next year. With the help of Google, Intel is moving into the cloud space, as both companies announced a partnership to adapt Google’s open-source container cluster system Kubernetes and TensorFlow to Intel’s architecture. Working together will also strengthen security between Intel’s IOT and Google Cloud, Bryant said. Following suit of other AI companies, Intel also announced it had launched an AI strategy board made up of four researchers: Yoshua Bengio (University of Montreal), Bruno Olshausen (University of California, Berkeley), Jan Rabaey (University of California, Berkeley) and Ron Dror (Stanford University). To do its part in “democratizing” AI, Intel has partnered with Coursera, an online education website originally set up by Andrew Ng, Chief Scientist at Baidu Research, and Daphne Koller, AI researcher at Stanford University, to bring a range of AI courses to the public. “Intel can offer crucial technologies to drive the AI revolution, but ultimately we must work together as an industry – and as a society – to achieve the ultimate potential of AI,” said Doug Fisher, SVP and GM of the Software and Services Group at Intel. ® Sponsored: Magic quadrant for enterprise mobility management suites Tips and corrections 2 Comments More from The Register IBM's AI guru leaps over to Brit biz benevolent.ai Drug discovery is benevolent business 4 Comments AI, AI, captain: Royal Navy warships to set sail with computer officers STARTLE'd code to make decisions from waves of information 31 Comments BRAAA-AI-NS, BRAAA-AI-NS! Boffins unleash zombie-obsessed nightmare neural net Computer-generated horrors not just limited to Microsoft Exchange updates 4 Comments AI gives porn peddlers a helping hand NSFW What a time to be alive 58 Comments The dollars marched in two by two: Huawei tips $1m into Berkeley AI lab Chinese firm's Noah's Ark lab to hook up with US brainboxes British mobile AI 'bot perfecter stalked by Silicon Valley – report Weave.ai rumoured to be AI tech target 6 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Empowering E-commerce against unpredictable demand Exploring common challenges facing E-commerce platform and B2C website managers planning for the holiday shopping rush and bolstering services to meet customer demands. Controlling the Uncontrollable Protecting email and other corporate data on mobile devices—without bogging down workers—is one of today’s biggest challenges faced by IT pros today. Build scalable and secure public cloud services Based on the industry-leading products and technologies your customers demand, Red Hat provides a complete set of platforms, tools, and software components you need to build a scalable, agile, and secure cloud services infrastructure. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' Antivirus tools are a useless box-ticking exercise says Google security chap Gone in 70 seconds: Holding Enter key can smash through defense Your body reveals your password by interfering with Wi-Fi Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China Spotlight Top of the bots: This AI isn't a cold, cruel killing machine – it's a pop music hit machine Spark meets HAL: Apache's cluster master goes deep Will AI spell the end of humanity? The tech industry wants you to think so Mysterious algorithms, black-box AI recruiters are binning our résumés Pound falling, Marmite off the shelves – what the UK needs right now is ... an AI ethics board Do AI chat bots need a personality bypass – or will we only trust gabber 'droids with character? Zombie Moore's Law shows hardware is eating software Invasion of the virus-addled lightbulbs (and other banana stories) Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Election / Michael Flynn ran company that lobbied for foreign clients while he received intel briefings Michael Flynn ran company that lobbied for foreign clients while he received intel briefings Posted on Friday, November 18, 2016 by CNN in Election Retired Army Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn, President-elect Donald Trump’s preferred choice for National Security Adviser, was running a company that was lobbying on behalf of foreign clients even as he was receiving classified intelligence briefings during the campaign. The revelation comes as the Trump camp has taken a series steps to curb the involvement of lobbyists in the presidential transition efforts. Robert Kelley, a former chief counsel to the House National Security Subcommittee and current general counsel and principal at the Flynn Intel Group, filed a lobbying disclosure report with Congress on September 15. According to the official document, Kelley was working on behalf of Inovo BV, a Dutch firm owned by Turkish businessman, Kamil Ekim Alptekin. Alptekin told CNN in an email that the firm works to strengthen “the transatlantic relationship and Turkey’s future in that alliance.” Kelley’s connection to the Flynn Intel Group and Alptekin were first reported in the Daily Caller. Ranking Member of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform Elijah Cummings sent a letter to Trump transition chair Mike Pence expressing concerns over Flynn’s “apparent conflict of interest.” “President-elect Trump promised during his campaign that he would ‘drain the swamp,’ but his top national security advisor is Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn, whose firm is reportedly being paid to lobby the U.S. Government by a close ally of Turkey’s president,” the Maryland Democrat wrote. “It is unclear how Lt. Gen. Flynn was reportedly allowed into intelligence briefings during the campaign despite these apparent conflicts of interest.” Trump’s transition responded to questions about the lobbying effort with a statement Friday, saying that Flynn’s career was within his right as a “private citizen.” “After devoting his life to serving his country, Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn became a private citizen and opened a private consulting business to advise companies on various issues. Gen. Flynn has said that he will sever ties to his consulting firm if he ever returned to government service and that is what he will do in the Trump Administration.” Alptekin is the chair of the Turkish-American Business Council and helped organize Turkish President Recep Erdogan’s 2015 visit to Washington. But while Alptekin acknowledged having a commercial relationship with the Flynn Intel Group, he told CNN that Flynn himself “does not work on my contract.” He also adamantly denied any connection to the Turkish government. “Neither Inovo, any of my other companies or my person are affiliated to the Turkish government in any form whatsoever,” he said. He added that his company’s contract with Flynn’s company “is not about representing the position of the Government of Turkey” However, the fact that Flynn was overseeing a company that was lobbying on behalf of foreign clients at the same time he was attending classified briefings alongside Trump seems to complicate the transition, especially given Trump’s stated goal of “draining the swamp” in Washington. Flynn, who as America’s top military intelligence officer was already privy to volumes of classified material, is obligated to not share that information with any outside entity. While Flynn had the highest level of clearance while serving as the director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, experts on security clearances told CNN that his firm’s business arrangements with foreign companies would be closely looked at by background investigators before Flynn could receive additional intelligence briefings in his new role. “They would certainly look at it carefully,” Sean Bigley, a security clearance lawyer and former government background investigator told CNN. Although Bigley said there was no restriction on someone like Flynn working for foreign companies upon leaving office he said Flynn would have to inform background investigators of these business relationships in order to be able to continue to receive classified briefings. But other lawyers specializing in security clearance issues said Flynn simply informing investigators of his company’s ties to Inovo might not protect him from having his security clearance revoked. Bradley Moss, an attorney who routinely represents defense contractors in security clearance disputes, said Flynn’s actions would likely raise a red flag. Flynn’s lobbying work, according to Moss, could potentially jeopardize his ability to get cleared as national security advisor. “Security adjudicators would have concerns that someone with Flynn’s level of experience wouldn’t think twice about sitting in on a classified briefing while working for foreign clients,” Moss said. “The moment he sat in on classified briefings, his association with his own company had to be severed.” “By not doing that he exposed himself unnecessarily to foreign influence and raised questions about his good judgment,” Moss added. Asked about Flynn’s business dealings, CNN counterterrorism analyst Phil Mudd told CNN’s Wolf Blitzer Friday that that type of work was not unusual and that his activities should not prevent him from taking on the role of national security advisor. “I don’t think those should be a bar to duty,” he said. But while he said his business relationships were not disqualifying, Mudd, a former CIA analyst, said Flynn’s temperament would not serve him well in the role. The intelligence briefs containing some classified were first given to both candidates in August and Flynn accompanied Trump during at least one brief. It is unclear if Flynn informed investigators of his company’s ties to Inovo. His representatives did not reply to a request for comment. Flynn told the Wall Street Journal that if he were to officially join the Trump administration he would sever ties with his company, which is described as providing “all source intelligence support to global challenges.” “If I return to government service, my relationship with my company will be severed in accordance with the policy announced by President-elect Trump,” he said. Flynn’s connection to Turkey drew scrutiny after he penned an Election Day op-ed in The Hill newspaper, which said the US should extradite the exiled cleric Fetullah Gulen to Turkey. The Turkish government has accused Gulen of being behind the July coup and has demanded the US hand him over. The Justice Department is currently reviewing the case for extradition. But Alptekin said he and his company had nothing to do with Flynn’s op-ed. “If he had asked me whether to publish it, I would have advised against it for a variety of reasons,” he said. Wasserman Schultz rips Bannon pick These kids are writing letters to Trump asking him to be kind Related Posts Jeb Bush calls Trump’s 9/11 comments ‘pathetic’ Trump cites story of general who dipped bullets in pigs’ blood to deter Muslims House ignores veto threat, approves $622 million Zika bill Nikki Haley: Confederate flag ‘should have never been there’ Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
null
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Daniel Acker/Bloomberg Apple's Chip Choices May Leave Some iPhone Users in Slow Lane Ian King More stories by Ian King and Scott Moritz @MoritzDispatch More stories by Scott Moritz November 18, 2016 — 11:27 AM EST November 18, 2016 — 11:27 AM EST IPhone 7 on Verizon performs well below capability, tests show Some iPhones use Intel modems, rather than Qualcomm chips It turns out not all iPhone 7s are created equal. The latest Apple Inc. smartphones that run on Verizon Communications Inc.’s network are technically capable of downloading data faster than those from AT&T Inc. Yet in testing, the two phones perform about the same, according to researchers at Twin Prime Inc. and Cellular Insights. Neither firm is clear on the reason, but Twin Prime says it may be because Apple isn’t using all the potential of a crucial component in the Verizon version. “The data indicates that the iPhone 7 is not taking advantage of all of Verizon’s network capabilities,” said Gabriel Tavridis, head of product at Twin Prime. “I doubt that Apple is throttling each bit on the Verizon iPhone, but it could have chosen to not enable certain features of the network chip.” “Every iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus meets or exceeds all of Apple’s wireless performance standards, quality metrics, and reliability testing,” Apple spokeswoman Trudy Muller said. “In all of our rigorous lab tests based on wireless industry standards, in thousands of hours of real-world field testing, and in extensive carrier partner testing, the data shows there is no discernible difference in the wireless performance of any of the models." It would be an unusual step for a major phone company to restrain its devices. Normally, companies battle to make the fastest, most reliable handsets. Apple may be doing this because it wants to ensure a uniform iPhone experience, according to analysts. "They don’t want one version to get the reputation that it is better," said Jan Dawson, founder of technology advisory firm Jackdaw Research LLC. "If Apple had a guiding principle it’s that they want to make sure customers were having a consistent performance.” But the move could backfire if customers realize their device isn’t performing to its full potential, or that it’s less capable than other handsets, analysts said. "This may not impact the fanboys, but it may make other consumers think twice about buying an Apple phone, especially if they think they might be purchasing a sub-standard product," said Jim McGregor, an analyst at Tirias Research. The firm does paid analysis for smartphone suppliers, including Qualcomm Inc. and Intel Corp. The component at the root of the performance gap is the modem, a tiny chip buried deep inside a phone’s innards that turns wireless signals into data and voice. The iPhone 7 is the first Apple phone for several years to have versions with different modems. Verizon users get an iPhone 7 with Qualcomm’s latest X12 modem -- capable of downloading data at up to 600 megabits per second. AT&T customers get a handset with an Intel modem that tops out at 450 megabits per second. Apple likely went with multiple suppliers to keep component costs in check. In field tests by Twin Prime, the Verizon version is a little faster than its AT&T stablemate -- but not as fast as it could be. The firm proved this by doing the same tests on the Samsung Galaxy S7, which also runs on Verizon’s network and uses the Qualcomm X12. The S7 was about twice as fast as the iPhone 7 running on the same network with the same modem chip, Twin Prime found. This was based on data from more than 100,000 phones downloading an image in large U.S. cities. Qualcomm’s X12 is capable of dealing with more channels of data simultaneously than its Intel rival, according to a report by Milan Milanovic, an analyst at Cellular Insights, which tests phones and networks. Apple didn’t enable this feature "to level the playing field between Qualcomm and Intel,” Milanovic wrote. Cellular Insights tests phones in labs with equipment that can vary the strength of the signal, basically approximating a phone moving from good coverage to poor coverage. The differences in performance between the handsets Milanovic tested were greatest when the phone signal was weakest, he said. Exclusive insights in your inbox, from our technology reporters around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology. Sign Up Business Your daily briefing on the most important business stories of the day. You will now receive the Business newsletter Politics The latest political news, analysis, charts, and dispatches from the campaign trail. You will now receive the Politics newsletter Markets Your daily must-read for the most important news in markets. You will now receive the Markets newsletter Pursuits What to eat, drink, wear and drive – in real life and your dreams. You will now receive the Pursuits newsletter Game Plan The school, work and life hacks you need to get ahead. You will now receive the Game Plan newsletter Twin Prime and Cellular Insights have no relationships with chip makers, phone makers or wireless carriers. Four other network testing firms contacted by Bloomberg News said measuring phone data speeds is difficult because performance can be influenced by weather and other factors beyond the control of wireless providers and phone makers. Though none of these other firms disputed the findings of Twin Prime and Cellular Insights. Happy Carriers In addition to creating a unified iPhone 7 user experience, leveling the playing field would also keep wireless carriers happy, according to some industry analysts. “Apple likely has some incentive to balance the performance of its iPhones across its U.S. operator partners," said Jeff Kvaal, an analyst with Instinet LLC. "It would be difficult, for example, to explain to AT&T, which remains the U.S. carrier with the most iPhone subscribers, why Verizon is offering a superior product." Representatives of AT&T, Verizon, Qualcomm and Intel declined to comment. Companies that "de-feature or go with a less-advanced modem" may be left behind as the networks offer faster data speeds, Qualcomm CEO Steven Mollenkopf said in a recent conference call, without naming specific firms. Qualcomm vs. Intel Apple is in this situation because it chose different modems for the latest iPhone. By pitting Intel against Qualcomm, the company may be trying to improve its negotiating position on price. Qualcomm’s modems have for years been almost ubiquitous in high-end smartphones, including iPhones. Intel has struggled to break into this market and has used subsidies to try to win share in mobile. Sacrificing performance in return for cheaper components may not go down well with Apple users.  "It was probably multiple factors that drove that decision. But in the end, it was a bad decision," said McGregor. "It is really hard to argue for doing this because Qualcomm really does have the best modem technology." Still, many users may not realize their iPhone is different from their friends’ iPhones. And even if they do, they may decide Apple isn’t responsible. Most consumers blame their wireless service provider when a phone doesn’t work well, Milanovic said. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Trump Says Ford Called to Say It's Keeping SUV Plant in Kentucky California’s Democrats Are Ready for Political War Obama Hits the Gas in Race to Regulate Before Trump Takes Reins Musk Says Tesla’s Solar Shingles Will Cost Less Than a Dumb Roof Tesla Seals $2 Billion SolarCity Deal Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
← → 0 Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums View Full Site Ars Technica Ars Technica UK Dark on light Light on dark Log in Register Forgot your password? Resend activation e-mail Staff / From the minds of Ars Dealmaster: Get a one-year Amazon Prime membership for $79 Save 20 percent on Amazon Prime today only, plus a bunch of other deals. by Ars Staff - Nov 18, 2016 6:35 pm UTC Login to bookmark 29 Greetings, Arsians! Courtesy of our partners at TechBargains, we're back with more pre-Black Friday deals for you. One of the best is for new Amazon Prime members: sign up for Amazon Prime today only and get a one-year membership for $79. Typically that membership is $99 per year, so this is a great deal for those who have been waiting to sign up. In addition to free two-day shipping, Prime includes access to Amazon Video and Music, a library of e-books that are free to read with Prime Reading, and more. Check out the rest of the deals below as well. Enlarge Featured 20% off Amazon Prime 1-Year Membership for New Subscribers for $79 (list price $99). PCMag Editor's Choice Dell Latitude 14 7000 Intel Core i5 Dual-Core 14" Business Win7 Pro Laptop w/ 1080p Gorilla Glass Touchscreen, 256GB SSD and 4GB RAM, 3yr Warranty (Only 3.5lbs, MILSPEC rated) for $799 (use coupon code: LATI799 - list price $949.99). Ecobee3 WiFi ThermoStat w/ Remote Sensor for $199.99 (2-Pack Add-on Sensors for $54). Doorbuster Deal - Dell Latitude 15 3000 Intel Core i3 Windows 10 Pro 15.6" Laptop for $429 (use code: SB429 - list price $479). Dell E2416hm 24" 19201800 LED Monitor for $89.99 (use code: SAVE52 - list price $189.99). Dell Optiplex 3040 Micro Intel Core i3-6100T Dual-Core Win 10 Pro Mini Desktop w/ 3yr Warranty for $399 (use code: DT399 - list price $727). DropBox Pro 1-Year Subscription + $25 Dell Gift Card for $59.99 (list price $99.99). Laptop & Desktop Computers New Intel Kaby Lake - Dell Inspiron 15 5000 Intel Core i7-7500u 1080p Touch 15.6" Win 10 Pro Laptop w/ AMD Radeon R7 GPU & IR WebCam for $629 (use code: EARLYBIRD220 - list price $849). New Intel Kaby Lake - Dell Inspiron 17 5000 Intel Core i7-7500u 17.3" 1080p Laptop w/ 16GB RAM, 2TB HDD, AMD R7 4GB GPU for $799 (use code: EARLYBIRD250 - list price $1049.99). Dell Inspiron 3650 Intel Core i5-6400 Quad-Core Win7 Pro Desktop (12GB/1TB) for $449.99 (use code: INSPIRON449 - list price $781.56). Dell Optiplex 5040 SFF Intel Core i5-6500 Quad-Core Desktop w/ 3yr Warranty for $529 (list price $855). Get more Dell Laptop & Computer Deals at TechBargains. Electronics & Components Amazon Echo Bluetooth Speaker with Alexa Voice and Home Automation Control (Refurb w/ 1-year Amazon Warranty) for $119.99. Bonus $5 Amazon Credit on your First Alexa Voice Order. Amazon Voyager eReader w/ Adaptive Light & PagePress (Refurb w/ 1-year Amazon Warranty) for $119.99 (list price $149.99). Amazon Kindle Paperwhite eReader for $79.99 (list price $109.99). iRobot Roomba 650 Robot Vacuum for $274 (list price $374). iRobot Roomba 770 w/ Remote Control, Dual HEPA & 2 Virtual Walls for $399.99 (list price $499.99). iRobot Roomba 960 w/ Multi-Room Navigation & App for $599.99 (list price $699.99). iRobot Roomba 980 w/ Carpet Boost + 120min Run Time for $799 (list price $899.99). Get more Amazon Electronics Deals at TechBargains site. HDTVs & Home Entertainment 55" Samsung 4K Curved LED Smart HDTV + $175 Dell Gift Card for $699.99. Use the gift card towards New PlayStation 4 Pro or Xbox One S 55" Samsung SUHD 4K 120Hz Native LED Smart HDTV w/ HDR & Quantum Dot Technology (UN55KS8000) for $999.99 (list price $2199.99). 40" Vizio D-Series 4K UltraHD LED HDTV + $150 Dell Gift Card for $429.98. 48" Vizio D-Series 1080p LED Smart HDTV + $150 Dell Gift Card for $379.99 (list price $479.99). See more Early Black Friday TV Deals at TechBargains. Expand full story Reader comments 29 You must login or create an account to comment. Share - Tweet Email Google - Reddit -  ← Older Story Newer Story →  You May Also Like WIRED Media: Ars Technica and WIRED © 2016 Condé Nast. All rights reserved Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012) Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
Email Password Remember me Forgot password?     Log in with Facebook Log in with Twitter Log In news tech & science social media business entertainment life sports     Intel plans to make AI '100x faster' with new computing chips Listen | Print By James Walker     Nov 18, 2016 in Technology Intel has unveiled a new series of chips that it says could improve one metric of artificial intelligence performance by up to 100 times today's benchmarks. The next-generation processor range is aimed firmly at deep learning and neural networks. Intel made the announcements during its inaugural "AI Day" today. It explained how it plans to integrate technology from Nervana, a company it acquired just two months ago, into its wider product range. It expects to see Nervana tech inside Intel silicon in the first half of 2017. Intel is building two new series of Xeon processors called Lake Crest and Knights Crest. Lake Crest is optimised for neural networks and is designed specifically to offer the highest possible performance for training AI systems. It offers "unprecedented" computing density, according to Intel. The company expects to deliver a 100x reduction in the time taken to train new complex neural networks by the end of the decade. The breakthrough improvements will be driven by technology developed by Nervana that increases the maximum density of computing architectures. It removes some of the limitations of traditional systems. "We expect the Intel Nervana platform to produce breakthrough performance and dramatic reductions in the time to train complex neural networks," said Diane Bryant, executive vice president and general manager of Intel's Data Center Group. "Before the end of the decade, Intel will deliver a 100-fold increase in performance that will turbocharge the pace of innovation in the emerging deep learning space." Intel is also planning a next-generation line of Xeon Phi processors. This range, code-named Knights Mill, will be available in 2016 and will offer up to 4x increased deep learning performance over today's systems. The new chips will give AI developers more flexibility when developing complex systems, enabling AI to do more in real-time. Training new systems will be significantly faster, enabling a new wave of AI that's more advanced. Intel is treading a very different path in AI to that of its industry rivals. Whereas Intel is continuing to stick with CPU-based technology, companies such as NVIDIA are gaining ground by bringing GPUs to the table. Intel CEO Brian Krzanich dismissed GPU tech as a long-term solution, describing it as an "opportunistic" approach to developing AI. He suggested CPU architectures such as Lake Crest, Knights Crest and Knights Mill will enable the next wave of AI development, pointing to Intel's broad product range as a significant asset in the years to come. "Some scientists have used GPGPUs because they happen to have parallel processing units for graphics, which are opportunistically applied to deep learning," said Krzanich. "However, GPGPU architecture is not uniquely advantageous for AI, and as AI continues to evolve, both deep learning and machine learning will need highly scalable architectures. Intel architecture can support larger models and offer a consistent architecture from edge to the data center." Intel also announced a new "strategic alliance" with Google. The two companies will work together to create an "open, flexible and secure" multi-cloud infrastructure that will mutually benefit both businesses. Separately, Intel will donate $25 million to the Broad Institute to help develop high-performance computing systems for genomics analytic projects. The money will help to create new infrastructure to help scientists integrate and process genomic data. More about Intel, Cpu, Processors, Ai, Artificial intelligence   Intel Cpu Processors Ai Artificial intellige... machine learning deep learning neural networks Latest News Top News Op-Ed: Why Kovalev deserves immediate rematch against Ward Review: Keith Urban headlines the Barclays Center, puts on awesome show Special AI predicted the U.S. elections better than humans Review: Barclays Center falls in love to the beat of Brett Eldredge Special Haitians vote hoping to restore constitutional order UN warns time 'running out' as fresh fighting hits Aleppo New Zealand town builds underpass tunnel for penguins Three minutes to embrace on US-Mexico border Review: Jessie Chris collaborates with country stars on 'The Human Race' Special Merkel: from austerity queen to democratic torch-bearer Corporate Contact Us About Us Advertise Investors & Partners Help & Support Editorial Guidelines Terms of Use Privacy Policy News Links Latest News Live Events News Alerts GlobeNewswire News Global Press Releases 24-7PressRelease.com copyright © 2016 digitaljournal.com   |   powered by dell servers
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Featured Video Tech VR Headset Reviews Intel bets on 'merged reality' for its Project Alloy VR headset New, 7 comments Stranger than fiction by Lauren Goode@LaurenGoode Nov 18, 2016, 12:00pm EST share tweet Linkedin In August of this year, Intel chief executive Brian Krzanich appeared onstage during the company’s developers conference wearing a clunky VR headset. He then participated in a live demo that involved using a dollar bill to cut through (virtual) chunks of gold. The headset was called Project Alloy, Krzanich said, and Intel was officially working with Microsoft on the device to offer a "merged reality" experience. With the race to get humans wearing face computers heating up, it’s no surprise that Intel decided to join the likes of Samsung, Google, Facebook, Microsoft, Sony, HTC, Qualcomm, and others in creating a solution that could hopefully, possibly, maybe, help VR make the leap from ultra-nerdy to sorta-mainstream. And after having missed the boat on mobile, Intel is trying to ensure that it’s well-positioned for the next big wave of computing. Intel’s pitch with Project Alloy is that it has figured out a way to offer a PC-like VR experience without the need to tether the headset to a computer system. The reference design has two processors, Intel’s RealSense 3D cameras, and a detachable, rechargeable battery. The first headset that ships will be based on Microsoft’s Windows Holographic desktop software. Okay. So what’s "merged reality"? Vjeran Pavic It’s a good question, and it’s one I’ve been asking ever since Intel first dropped the term this summer. Fortunately, Intel was willing to let The Verge into its labs and let us try on an early version of a Project Alloy headset to get a better sense of how it works. In short, merged reality means you can see real-world stuff in front of you, even while you’re wearing a full headset. The RealSense cameras on the headset capture images of the things in front of you and project them back into your virtual environment in milliseconds. If Microsoft’s HoloLens headset creates a layer of augmented reality on top of the real world, and Oculus Rift blocks you out entirely from the real world, Project Alloy falls into a bizarre place somewhere in between. I could see my hands and take a selfie while wearing a full VR headset While I was wearing the Project Alloy headset, I could still see my Verge colleagues Vjeran and Tyler standing nearby. I could use a physical pen as a tool within a virtual game. If someone handed me a piece of paper and a pen, I could still see well enough write a note with it — while I had the VR headset on. I could check the time on a real, physical watch. I could even take a selfie with my phone while wearing the headset. Vjeran Pavic Arguably, this type of virtual-world-meets-real-world interaction is safer because you’re able to see people and objects in front of you, even while your head is enveloped in a giant face computer. Project Alloy also eliminates the need for additional sensors or hand controllers in order to have an interactive experience. I played an interactive Raiders of the Lost Ark-type game in a dark room while wearing the Samsung Gear VR headset, but the room was filled with sensors that made interacting with the room possible. My mind was blown the first time I tried Oculus Rift and Oculus Touch together, throwing balls and other objects into a virtual void, but I was also using hand controllers. Heads floated in and out of frame, pixelated versions of people who were there in real life The Project Alloy headset I tried was only version one, though, and it was easy to see why Intel isn’t rolling this one out to market. The prototype was ill-fitting on my head, with enough room on the underside to see the (real) floor below me. Headset fit, like headphones, is too subjective to judge harshly, but it felt heavy, too. Intel says an ideal weight for a headset built off the Project Alloy reference design is 750 grams, or around 1.5 pounds. The real-life objects I saw before me while I was wearing the headset — my hands waving in the frame, an Intel employee standing in the lab — were pixelated. Heads floated in and out of frame, depending on how close I was standing to a person in real life. Interactions with these digitized humans in my virtual world had a slightly morbid element to them, as though I was watching an old, low-quality home movie of someone waving and smiling at the camera; not really knowing if that person existed in real life or not. Vjeran Pavic It was more of a conceptual experience than a demo of a finished product, a half-glimpse at what could be. But Tim Parker, Intel’s vice president and GM of marketing for perceptual computing, insists that next year’s Project Alloy, the one that it plans to ship in the second half of 2017, will offer a better experience. The one I tried runs on an Intel Core processor built on last year’s Skylake architecture and uses an Atom chip for compute vision. These will be upgraded to a Kaby Lake processor and a chip from Movidius, which Intel acquired this fall. The two R200 RealSense cameras used in the current headset will be upgraded to one single 400 series RealSense camera, shown off at the same developers conference earlier this year. And the real Project Alloy headset will include the option for a discrete graphics card. So far, Microsoft is the only company that has publicly committed to working with Intel on Project Alloy, although the idea is that this VR solution will be intriguing — and unique — enough to attract other potential partners. Intel is becoming well-known for making neat tech demos that don’t always find traction in the real world, and Project Alloy could absolutely become another one of those. At the same time, if anyone is going to figure out how to strike the right balance between just-okay mobile VR and heavy-duty tethered VR headsets, it might as well be Intel, one of the world’s largest chipmakers. Intel knows there’s no way to win the virtual reality game if you don’t play, and so we have Project Alloy. As unfinished as it is, it’s still fun to slip in and out of reality with it. Photos by Vjeran Pavic. Video by Vjeran Pavic and Tyler Pina. More From The Verge Sand's End Facebook won’t call itself a media company. Here’s how it can still support journalism Trump’s chief strategist Steve Bannon suggests having too many Asian tech CEOs undermines ‘civic society’ Facebook's Like button is a built-in filter bubble Your life will be a video game Supported By Consider the PS4 Pro before you buy that expensive gaming PC Now Trending Black Friday 2016: All the best deals in one place Arrival’s director also made Enemy, a movie that argues history will repeat itself Sand's End MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: a touch of the future Amazon announces even more Black Friday sales extending through December 22nd This Article has a component height of 32. The sidebar size is long. Loading comments... The Latest How to be human: everyone feels this insecure... right? by Leah Reich Leah Reich was one of the first internet advice columnists. Her column "Ask Leah" ran on IGN, where she gave advice to gamers for two and a half years. During the day, Leah is Slack’s user researcher, but her views here do not represent her... TL;DR Web Culture Home videos of 1990s Japan are the YouTube equivalent of a warm blanket by Russell Brandom@russellbrandom In 1990, Tokyo resident Lyle Hiroshi Saxon began filming video of his life. Most of his videos, which he’s graciously put on YouTube, are simple walking shots of train stations or city streets. You’ll get a few seconds of a group of businessmen,... TL;DR Gaming Watch This Pokémon’s emphasis on collaboration turned it into a global community by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak When Pokémon Go hit smartphones this summer, it was an unprecedented hit. It broke records in app stores, caused floods of people to converge in public parks, and might even become a movie. The game was an impressive demonstration of the... New, 1 comment Watch This Entertainment Essay Arrival’s director also made Enemy, a movie that argues history will repeat itself by Kaitlyn Tiffany French-Canadian director Denis Villeneuve premiered his first two English-language films in 2013. One was the blockbuster psychological thriller Prisoners. The lesser-known, Enemy, is a moody, enthralling nightmare of a movie that seems to be... New, 2 comments Transportation Cars GM Chevy’s Bolt EV to have limited availability in 2016, with wider rollout next spring by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak General Motors had long been planning to release its all-electric Chevy Bolt before the end of 2016 — and it will, but only in California and Oregon. Wider availability — basically the rest of the country — will need to wait until 2017 says The... New, 10 comments Tech Transportation Cars BMW reportedly ends its self-driving car partnership with Chinese tech giant Baidu by Andrew J . Hawkins@andyjayhawk Splittsville Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
null
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States 5 Large Cap Tech Giants On Sale and It Is Time to Buy By Lee Jackson November 18, 2016 10:05 am EST Print Email Tweet The biggest loser coming out of the election was the technology sector, and we have written at length about the worries over trade and some of the vitriol hurled at President-elect Trump from Silicon Valley. While stocks have rallied, the sell-off put many of the top dividend-paying stocks right back in the wheelhouse for investors looking for solid total return. We screened the Merrill Lynch research universe for large cap technology stocks that were rated Buy and pay a dividend. We found five that make good sense for investors looking to put some cash to work now. Intel This leader in semiconductors is working hard to scale away from dependence on personal computers. Intel Corp. (NASDAQ: INTC) designs, manufactures and sells integrated digital technology platforms worldwide. The company’s platforms are used in various computing applications comprising notebooks, two-in-one systems, desktops, servers, tablets, smartphones, wireless and wired connectivity products, wearables, retail devices and manufacturing devices, as well as for retail, transportation, industrial, buildings, home use and other market segments. The company also provides communication and connectivity offerings, such as baseband processors, radio frequency transceivers and power management integrated circuits, and tablet, phone and Internet of Things solutions, which include multimode 4G LTE modems, Bluetooth technology and GPS receivers, software solutions and interoperability tests, as well as home gateway and set-top box components. Intel reported an inline third quarter, but data center sales came in way below expectations for the tech giant. Intel does a stunning 82.4% of their sales overseas, the lion’s share of it in Asia, where the chips that it produces are used in personal computers, tablets and other personal electronic devices. Fears of trade issues with China have taken a toll on the stock, and the timing looks good. Intel investors receive a 3.0% dividend. The Merrill Lynch price target for the stock is $42. The Wall Street consensus target is $40.26. The shares closed Thursday at $35.02. Microsoft This is another top old-school technology stock that gives investors a degree of mega-cap tech safety, and it has a massive $105 billion sitting on the balance sheet. Microsoft Inc. (NASDAQ: MSFT) continues to find an increasing amount of support from portfolio managers, who have added the software giant to their holdings at an increasingly faster pace all of this year and last. Numerous Wall Street analysts feel that Microsoft has become a clear number two in the public or hyper-scale cloud infrastructure market with Azure, which is the company’s cloud computing platform offering. Some have flagged Azure as a solid rival to Amazon’s AWS service. Analysts also maintain that Microsoft is discounting Azure for large enterprises, such that Azure may be cheaper than AWS for larger users. The top analysts believe the company continues to make steady progress with its cloud transition and expect Office 365 and Azure to be solid contributors to top and bottom line for the next several years. While not likely to snag the top slot from Amazon, it could add huge incremental revenue for years to come, especially when you factor in the huge revenue potential from the banks, insurance companies and the financial services industry. The company announced in mid-summer a gigantic all-cash, $196 per share offer for LinkedIn. While some on Wall Street gasped at the huge premium paid, Microsoft continues to expand its product lines and cut its dependence on software sales. While it remains to be seen how the fit will be, the analysts like the overall product synergies the deal brings. Microsoft investors receive a 2.57% dividend, and the forward valuation remains compelling. The Merrill Lynch price target is $68. The consensus target is $63.79. The stock closed Thursday at $60.64. Oracle This top software stock has traded sideways since the spring and looks to be putting in a nice cup and handle formation. Oracle Corp. (NYSE: ORCL) develops, manufactures, markets, sells, hosts and supports database and middleware software, application software, cloud infrastructure, hardware systems and related services worldwide. The company licenses its Oracle Database software to customers, which is designed to enable reliable and secure storage, retrieval and manipulation of various forms of data. Its Oracle Fusion Middleware software aims to build, deploy, secure, access and integrate business applications, as well as automate their business processes. Trading at 15 times estimated 2016 earnings, and sporting a solid free cash flow yield, many analysts also feel that as the company’s 12C database cycle starts to contribute during calendar 2016, the stock could very well be poised for what they term a breakout year. After recent investors meetings, some analysts raised fiscal year 2017 cloud margins to 66% from 63% and earnings per share to $2.80. Merrill Lynch and others on Wall Street feel that the software giant may be on the verge of a multiyear database product cycle. Investors receive a 1.5% dividend. The $48 Merrill Lynch price target compares with the consensus target of $44.58 and Thursday’s close at $40.25. Texas Instruments This old-school chip tech company was out of favor but has come back solid. Texas Instruments Inc. (NASDAQ: TXN) is a global semiconductor design and manufacturing company that develops analog integrated circuits and embedded processors. The company generates 80% to 90% of its revenues from its analog and embedded processing businesses, which have well-diversified end-markets (autos, industrial, personal/consumer electronics), long product life cycles and limited capital intensity. The company has 6% market share of the auto chip market. Numerous Wall Street pros see the stock as core large cap holding, and they cite a solid high-single-digit and very diverse revenue flow, solid capital allocation to lever the balance sheet if needed, and substantial room for margin expansion as the ramp up new facilities. The company boasts sustained impressive cash flow over the past several years and has impressively returned 100% plus of that back to shareholders via stock buybacks and dividends. Texas Instruments posted strong third-quarter numbers and also increased its quarterly dividend by 32% to $0.50 per share, or $2.00 annualized. The increase reflects the company’s continued strength in free cash flow generation and its commitment to return excess cash to shareholders. Top analysts cite the potential for reduced corporate taxes, infrastructure spending and also increased defense spending as positive for the chip giant going forward. Investors receive a 2.77% dividend with the new increase. Merrill Lynch set its price target at $82, while the consensus price objective is $74.34. The shares closed Thursday just below that, at $72.08. Qualcomm This top technology stock has done very well this year. Qualcomm Inc. (NASDAQ: QCOM) is a world leader in 3G, 4G and next-generation wireless technologies. The company includes the licensing business, QTL, and the vast majority of its patent portfolio. Its subsidiary Qualcomm Technologies operates substantially all of Qualcomm’s engineering, research and development functions, as well as substantially all of its products and services businesses, including its semiconductor business, QCT. Qualcomm reported third-quarter revenue and earnings that beat Wall Street estimates. Fourth-quarter guidance was also better than expected. In China, new semiconductor products are gaining share and management is making better progress with royalty collections. The analysts are bullish on the company’s acquisition of NXP Semiconductors, which Qualcomm is buying in an all-cash deal at $110 per share. The deal is expected to close at the end of 2017 and should be immediately accretive to earnings. The merger brings together complementary products for mobile, automotive, Internet of Things and networking applications. Investors receive a 3.22% dividend. Merrill Lynch has a $76 price objective, while the consensus target is $73.10. The shares closed at $66.67. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   These five Buy-rated Merrill Lynch favorites all pay excellent dividends, which they tend to raise on a regular basis. While not as suitable for ultra-conservative accounts, they all fit well in most growth and income portfolios. By Lee Jackson « Will More Black Friday Discounts Offset Pre-Election Slump? Cotiviti Files for Secondary Offering » Read more: Technology, featured, semiconductors, value stocks, Intel (NASDAQ:INTC), Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT), Oracle Corp. (NASDAQ:ORCL), Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM), Texas Instruments, Inc. (NASDAQ:TXN) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The 10 States With the Worst Gun Violence The Drunkest City in Each State America's 25 Murder Capitals NASCAR Star Mark Martin Lists House for $2.55 Million The Richest Countries in the World Recent Top 8 Earnings in the Week Ahead Massive Energy and Health Care Trades Highlight Insider Buying: Abbott Labs, Baker Hughes, Datawatch, Impac Mortgage and More Marijuana REIT to Test IPO Market This Week Lowe’s Black Friday Deals Revealed Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Why Toyota Has High Expectations for the All-New 2018 C-HR SUV NVIDIA Corporation's Biggest Business Surged 63% Last Quarter Just in Time for Christmas, AeroVironment Unveils Its New Drone Facebook shares up more than 1% on buyback news Facebook to buy back up to $6 bln in Class A shares Russell 2000's 11-day win streak is longest since 12-session stretch ending June 5, 2003 American Airlines (AAL) Has Been Soaring Since Earnings, Can It Continue? What's Next for Microsoft (MSFT) Stock? On the Verge of 2200 A $1 million bet: Anatomy of a high-end house flip Dow breaks below 18K, as China, Fed fears weigh Billionaires had a rough year in 2015 - relatively Foe dubs proposed Providence high-rises 'towers of evil' Just in Time for Christmas, AeroVironment Unveils Its New Drone Customers Will Hate United Airlines' New Basic Economy Fare, but It's a Great Move Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg Finally Details Fake News Countermeasures Donald Trump Says Settling Fraud Case Is Only Bad Part Of Winning The Presidency Watch How Excited Shep Smith Gets About ChapStick Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2016 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Review: Koogeek Smart Plug is a simple, inexpensive, WiFi HomeKit device to get started with Siri home automation Trending in Apple Comment: Given the ultra-low repairability of the new MacBook Pro, I’m getting AppleCare this time Trending in Apple Send in the Clones: If Apple doesn’t want to innovate the desktop Mac, it should let others Trending in Apple Hands-on impressions: 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple MacBook Pro Diary: I’ve come to terms with the fact that it’s the end of the line for upgradable MacBooks Trending in Apple Comment: Apple selling a $79 MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable is a step too far November 18 AAPL: 110.06 0.11 PSA: If your 15-inch MacBook Pro claims it has an Intel Iris Pro 580 GPU, it probably doesn’t Ben Lovejoy - 2 days ago @benlovejoy MacBook Pro View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Aside from the size, one of the biggest differences between the 13- and 15-inch MacBook Pro models with Touch Bar is the much beefier graphics on the larger machine. While the 13-inch versions have only Intel integrated graphics, the 15-inch models additionally have AMD Radeon Pro discrete GPUs. But some 15-inch models are apparently claiming to have higher-spec Intel GPUs also. MacRumors reports that some readers are finding System Information displaying ‘Intel Iris Pro Graphics 580’ instead of the 530 variant actually fitted. While it’s not absolutely impossible for component shortages to lead to Apple silently fitting higher-spec parts to machines, it seems virtually impossible here given that the 580 version is only available in much more power-hungry processors – and there are two further clues in this case that it’s a simple software glitch. First, none of those whose machines are reporting the more powerful GPU are seeing any actual difference in performance. Second, some note that System Info switches between reporting a 530 or 580 depending on whether they are running on battery or mains. So almost certainly no free upgrades here: just a reporting glitch. Guides MacBook Pro View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals We Rely On Your Support: Did you know that the hundreds of articles written on Phoronix each month are mostly authored by one individual working insane hours? Phoronix.com doesn't have a whole news room with unlimited resources and relies upon people reading our content without blocking ads and alternatively by people subscribing to Phoronix Premium for our ad-free service with other extra features. You can also consider a tip via PayPal. Feral Joins The Bandwagon Of Wanting Newer Mesa On Ubuntu Written by Michael Larabel in Mesa on 18 November 2016 at 08:49 AM EST. 59 Comments With Mesa drivers this year really improving a lot and reaching OpenGL ~4.5 compatibility for most drivers as well as the Intel and RADV Vulkan drivers getting into shape, they are becoming usable for day-to-day Linux gamers. While not all new Feral Linux game releases work with the Mesa drivers, a growing number of their games work well on Mesa 13.0+, and as such they are hoping Ubuntu will adopt a policy of making it easier to switch to newer Mesa releases. Edwin Smith of Feral Interactive wrote a proposal on the ubuntu-desktop list today of wanting to see Mesa stable releases added to the graphics-driver PPA. The graphics-driver PPA launched a year ago as a way for easily getting newer proprietary AMD/NVIDIA drivers on Ubuntu in a semi-official manner. But now the hope is that Mesa stable releases could be added here too for making it easier to get the new releases rather than waiting for new Ubuntu releases or LTS point releases for providing these big driver updates. The Feral representative wrote, "We have been working with the Mesa community to help improve the Mesa drivers so more games can run on AMD and Intel hardware, and in the last year this has started to hit the tipping point and support has become more and more viable when using the very latest drivers. The biggest issue we have is there is no way for a user to officially download and install the latest stable versions of Mesa. For example because the official Mesa 13.0.1 release isn’t available to install on Ubuntu, you need to compile it yourself...Almost every Feral title would benefit from running on the latest version of the Mesa drivers as they bring performance, stability and much needed features. Many titles simply cannot run without the latest drivers. This is also true for most other games from other developers as well. This should really help adoption of the newer graphics drivers on Mesa which should help improve the experience AMD and Intel users have when using Ubuntu as they will have much easier access to the latest drivers." Feral also commented they can't officially endorse the Oibaf or Padoka PPAs for Mesa Git drivers since "they often contain serious bugs that are still being fixed." This Feral proposal is not about pushing down Mesa updates down to Ubuntu users as stable release updates via the main archive. Frankly what I would rather see in an ideal world is where they package up a known good Mesa commit on a bi-weekly or monthly basis. Currently major Mesa releases only come every three months, but it often ends up being around four months between releases due to delays. In those releases are big improvements and while it's been just one month since Mesa 13.0, in Mesa 13.1-dev is already OpenGL 4.5 being officially exposed for RadeonSI, many RADV and ANV Vulkan driver improvements, and a ton of other work. But that Mesa 13.1 release probably isn't coming until January. If there was a PPA of Mesa every few weeks from a good state and some basic QA passes, this would likely be much better for Linux gamers. But even if just the new Mesa stable releases get added to the graphics-drivers PPA, it still would be better for those wanting a stable experience but cautious about building Mesa themselves and not wanting to ride the Git train with Padoka or Oibaf. This would also be better for new Feral game releases where Mesa developers tend to land improvements shortly after a game's release, but could still be months before it is found in a stable release, unless it's a candidate for backporting. It will be interesting to see where this discussion leads. Stay tuned for updates. 59 Comments Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Mesa News EGL_ANDROID_native_fence_sync Patches For Mesa Mesa Makes It Easier Now To Tap More Debugging/Performance Information X.Org Foundation Moving Ahead With Becoming A Khronos Adopter For Mesa Ilia Mirkin Takes To Hacking On SWR Gallium3D, Fixes ~600 Piglit Bugs Mesa 13.0.1 Released Threading Support Is In The Works For Raspberry Pi's VC4 Open-Source GPU Driver Popular News Project Darling Is Still Trying To Run macOS/OSX Software On Linux GCC Compiler Finishes Nuking Java Support (GCJ) Fedora 25 Cleared For Release Next Week GNOME 3.22.2 Released GNOME Lands Mainline NVIDIA Wayland Support Using EGLStreams The Current RadeonSI Benefits Of Switching To Mesa 13.1-dev Git On Ubuntu 16.10 Latest Linux News Early Benchmarks Of AMDGPU DRM-Next Code For Linux 4.10 Linux 4.9 Has Tear-Free PRIME Offloading Between Intel & AMDGPU POWER8 Talos Workstation Drops Price Slightly, Long Way From Being Funded WSL-Distribution-Switcher Swaps Out Ubuntu For Other Distros On Windows Intel Vulkan Linux Driver Now Has Patches For Fast Clears Enhanced File Stats Being Worked On For The Linux Kernel GTX 1060 vs. RX 480 - The ~$200 GPU Decision For Linux Gamers Direct3D 9 Over Vulkan Hits New Milestone New Heterogeneous Memory Management For Linux, Will Be Supported By NVIDIA/Nouveau EGL_ANDROID_native_fence_sync Patches For Mesa Latest Featured Articles RadeonSI Benchmarks On Budgie, GNOME Shell, KDE Plasma 5, LXDE, MATE, Unity, Xfce GCC 6.2 vs. Clang 3.9 Compiler Performance On Clear Linux With Intel Kaby Lake AMDGPU+RadeonSI With Deus Ex: Mankind Divided, One Week Later Intel Kaby Lake HD Graphics 620 OpenGL/Vulkan Performance On Linux Intel Kaby Lake Linux Testing With MSI's Cubi 2 Mini PC Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip or Bitcoin. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2016 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
Volg ons op: APS Nieuwsmanager login | Cision Communication Cloud™ login | English Home Diensten Verstuur direct een persbericht De media bereiken? Nieuwswaardige content creëren? Media-aandacht monitoren en analyseren Workshops & events Inspiratie Gepubliceerde persberichten Hoe schrijf je een effectief persbericht Verhalen van klanten Over ons Over ANP Pers Support Waarom kies jíj voor ANP Pers Support? Reacties van klanten Vacatures Contact Maak een afspraak Persbericht laten beoordelen Persbericht versturen Home/ Persberichten/ Sigfox, the World's Leading Provider of Internet of Things Connectivity, Announces a Record Funding Round Sigfox, the World's Leading Provider of Internet of Things Connectivity, Announces a Record Funding Round vrijdag 18 november 2016 12:50 Economie Dit is een origineel bericht van PR Newswire LABEGE, France, November 18, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Sigfox, the world's leading provider of connectivity for the Internet of Things (IoT), today announced it is closing its Series E funding round of EUR150 million to accelerate the expansion of its global network and soon reach worldwide coverage. Salesforce, Total, Henri Seydoux, Alto Invest, Swen CP and Tamer Group will join Sigfox as new investors. Existing shareholders including Bpifrance, Elliott, Intel Capital, Air Liquide, Idinvest Partners and IXO, will also re-invest in the company. Additional new investors are also expected to join this financing round shortly to reach the EUR150 million level. The IoT space opens up new and exciting opportunities by connecting the physical world to the Internet. With its global network, Sigfox gives a voice to billions of objects, allowing them to play a pivotal role in our social and economic development. In just five years, Sigfox has built a unique global wireless network that provides a simple, efficient connectivity solution, enabling devices to connect to the cloud at ultra low-cost and using minimal energy. No other network than Sigfox's has a worldwide footprint and can claim to connect fully autonomous energy harvesting objects. Thanks to Sigfox, every object will connect to the cloud at minimal cost, by relying only on the surrounding energy sources. This promise, along with the significant developments made by the company over the past 18 months, have contributed to the successful closing of this round of funding. With more than 10 million objects registered on its network and coverage currently spanning 26 countries, Sigfox is reinforcing its position as a global leader in the IoT space. This new round of funding will enable the company to expand its international network to 60 countries by 2018 and reach financial breakeven point. The company sees Industry 4.0 [http://www.mckinsey.com/business-functions/operations/our-insights/manufacturings-next-act ] as one of the main growth paths driving the development of the IoT. The need for predictive maintenance as well as the continued evolution of its business model towards more services could be some of the reasons behind Total's decision to join other shareholders supporting Sigfox's international development. "We are happy to accompany the development of Sigfox because the technology it offers can be decisive to accelerate the deployment of the Internet of things. It is their advance acquired on the market in a short time and their capacity to accelerate the deployment of large-scale IoT solutions that motivated our investment", commented Patrick Pouyanne, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Total. "This type of solution will improve the performance and operational safety of industrial activities, reduce operating costs, but also be used to serve customers " Another key opportunity is the optimisation of industrial processes leveraging big data. For this reason, Sigfox plans to integrate with Salesforce's IoT Cloud, unlocking insights from the connected world that empower any business to take the right action, for the right customer, at the right time across global consumer and business use cases. By connecting billions of objects and events, Sigfox and Salesforce IoT Cloud can facilitate deep and meaningful customer experiences via its global, homogenous and scalable network. Intel Capital, Idinvest Partners and IXO PE, which are historical shareholders of Sigfox, actively participated in this round. "We strongly believe that Sigfox has unlocked the IoT connectivity bottleneck and will bring billions of objects online in the near future. Its cost effective, easy to use, open platform solution is set to become the standard for low power object connectivity, bringing massive productivity gains to the corporate world and everyday benefits to end customers", said Franck Tuil, Elliott's Senior Portfolio Manager.  "I created Parrot 22 years ago, and I know how much it takes to carry out ambitious projects on a large scale. I am impressed by the huge progress made by Sigfox over the last three years I have spent as a member of Sigfox's board of directors. I am now convinced of the colossal growth potential of the market Sigfox successfully addresses. Alongside the financial investment I am making today in the company, I am willing to provide Sigfox's management with my support as an entrepreneur", said Henri Seydoux, CEO of Parrot. "The Internet of Things is one of the next big transformational technologies, and we are proud to support Sigfox as the infrastructure leader. We are pleased to see a strong startup ecosystem being built around this world-class technology.", said Paul Francois Fournier, Executive Director of Bpifrance. Commenting on the announcement, Xavier Drilhon, deputy CEO of Sigfox said, "I joined Sigfox 18 months ago because of the incredibly powerful vision of its founders and the unique positioning of the company as a fundamental enabler of the IoT revolution. Our rapid international expansion made possible thanks to the support of our local operators, as well as the growth of our ecosystem, were key to securing this new fundraising. This will allow the company to accelerate the deployment of its network from 26 countries today to over 60 within the next two years, representing 90 per cent of the worldwide GDP." "When we met in 2010, we agreed that Sigfox could change the world by bringing the virtual and physical worlds together through a new paradigm based on the fundamental principles of astrophysics. Today, we have created the equivalent of the world's largest radio telescope for IoT. Our network is able to connect hundreds of billions of objects to the Internet through advanced radio techniques." said Ludovic Le Moan and Christophe Fourtet, co-founders of Sigfox. The round comprises a "greenshoe" that will allow new strategic and financial partners to join the share capital of Sigfox shortly. Lazard and Goldman Sachs acted as financial advisors to Sigfox, with Skadden acting as legal advisor and Callisto acting as financial advisors to the management. Sigfox pictures are available here [https://edelmanftp.app.box.com/s/r0j9eotc9a31f8i8s16z362y0geibff5 ]   About Sigfox  Sigfox is the world's leading provider of connectivity for the Internet of Things (IoT). The company has built a global network to connect billions of devices to the Internet while consuming as little energy as possible, as simply as possible. Sigfox's unique approach to device-to-cloud communications addresses the three greatest barriers to global IoT adoption: cost, energy consumption, and global scalability. Today, the network is present in 26 countries and on track to cover 60 by 2018 - covering a population of 397 million people. With millions of objects connected and a rapidly growing partner ecosystem, Sigfox empowers companies to create new innovations on the IoT. Founded in 2010 by Ludovic Le Moan and Christophe Fourtet, the company is headquartered in Labege near Toulouse, France's "IoT Valley". Sigfox also has offices in Paris, Madrid, Munich, Boston, San Francisco, Dubai and Singapore. For more information, see http://www.sigfox.com and follow us on Twitter [https://twitter.com/sigfox ], Facebook [https://www.facebook.com/sigfox ] and Youtube [https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCwbqvQKYkP9NLiRwS6JgurA ] About Total Energy Ventures  Total Energy Ventures is Total's venture capital arm for investing in energy start-ups. Its investments support the development of innovative businesses in areas such as renewable energies, energy efficiency, energy storage, digital energy and sustainable transportation About ALIAD  Created in 2013, Air Liquide Venture Capital, ALIAD, is the Air Liquide Group's venture capital investor. ALIAD's role is to take minority stakes in innovative technology start-ups. Thanks to its customer knowledge and its industrial and technological expertise, ALIAD supports the growth of innovative startups for the future of technologies. Its involvement is illustrated by R&D and business privileged agreements between the startups and the Group's other entities. For more information, see http://www.airliquide.com/connected-innovation/aliad-venture-capital About Alto Invest  Alto Invest is a capital management company investing primarily in small and mid-sized fast-growing companies. Alto Invest's team is highly experienced in managing private equity portfolios on behalf of institutional and private clients, and it made more than 90 private equity investments in Europe. Alto Invest is fully approved by the French financial authorities (Autorite des Marches Financiers) and is an active member of the French Asset Management Association (Association Francaise de la Gestion Financiere). For more information, see http://www.altoinvest.fr About Bpifrance   Equity investment are operated by Bpifrance Investissement. Bpifrance, a subsidiary of the French state and the Caisse des Depots and the entrepreneurs' trusted partner, finances businesses from the seed phase to IPO, through loans, guarantees and equity investments. Bpifrance also provides operational services and strong support for innovation, export, and external growth in partnership with Business France and Coface. Bpifrance offers to businesses a large range of financing opportunities at each key step of their development, including offers adapted to regional specificities. With its 47 regional offices (90% of decisions are made locally) Bpifrance represents a strategic tool for economic competitiveness dedicated to entrepreneurs. Bpifrance acts as a back-up for initiatives driven by the French State and the Regions to tackle 3 goals: - Contributing to SME's growth - Preparing tomorrow's competitiveness - Contributing to the development of a positive entrepreneur ecosystem With Bpifrance, businesses benefit from a powerful, efficient and close representative, to answer all their needs in terms of financing, innovation and investment. For more information, see http://www.bpifrance.fr and follow us on Twitter @bpifrance. About Elliott Management Corporation  Elliott Management Corporation is an investment firm founded in 1977 that today manages approximately $29 billion of capital for both institutional and individual investors.  Elliott is a multi-strategy firm with offices in New York, London, Hong Kong, Tokyo and Menlo Park active in debt, equities, commodities, currencies and various other asset classes across a range of industries. The firm's principal objective is to generate a return which is as high as is consistent with a goal of minimizing losses during adverse financial market periods.  For more information, see http://www.elliottmgmt.com. About Idinvest Partners  With more than EUR7 billion under management and 80 people, Idinvest Partners is a leading pan-European manager focused on the middle market segment. Idinvest Partners has developed several complementary areas of expertise including investments in innovative European start-ups, primary, secondary and mezzanine investments in European non-listed companies, and private equity consulting. Founded under the name AGF Private Equity in 1997, Idinvest Partners was formerly part of the Allianz group until 2010 when it became independent. For more information, see http://www.idinvest.com. About Intel Capital  Intel Capital, Intel's strategic investment and M&A organization, backs innovative startups targeting computing and smart devices, cloud, datacenter, security, the Internet of Things, wearable and robotic technologies and semiconductor manufacturing. Since 1991, Intel Capital has invested US$11.8 billion in 1,470 companies worldwide, and 617 portfolio companies have gone public or been acquired. Through its business development programs, Intel Capital curates thousands of introductions each year between its portfolio executives and Intel's customers and partners in the Global 2000. For more information on what makes Intel Capital one of the world's most powerful venture capital firms, visit http://www.intelcapital.com or follow @Intelcapital [https://twitter.com/intelcapital ]. About IXO Private Equity  IXO Private Equity is an independent company 100 % held by its management team. It manages an asset portfolio in capital-investment of EUR570m. Funds made out from type FIP/FCPI's public offer represent EUR220m. FPCI's funds (ex FCPR) mainly signed by institutional investors represent, as for them, EUR350m. Located in Toulouse, Marseille and Lyon, IXO Private Equity invests equity amounts between EUR1m and EUR15m per project in PME located in the South of France (South-East - South-West). For more information, see http://www.ixope.fr About Salesforce Ventures  Salesforce Ventures-Salesforce's corporate investment group-invests in the next generation of enterprise technology to help companies connect with their customers in entirely new ways. Portfolio companies receive funding as well as access to the world's largest cloud ecosystem and the guidance of Salesforce's innovators and executives. With Salesforce Ventures, portfolio companies can also leverage the expertise of the Salesforce Foundation to incorporate its 1-1-1 model of integrated philanthropy to make giving back part of their business model. Salesforce has invested in more than 150 enterprise cloud startups since 2009. For more information, see http://www.salesforce.com/ventures About Swen Capital Partners  Swen Capital Partners is an investment management company specialized in private equity, private infrastructure and private debt. With EUR3.2Bn under management, Swen Capital Partners provides: - a full range of investment programs for personal customers and institutions; - a real expertize to follow-up and monitor portfolios. Swen Capital Partners is OFI's and Arkea Investment Services' subsidiary. For more information, see http://www.swen-cp.fr About Tamer Group  Tamer Group is a leading healthcare, beauty care, prestige products, and fast moving consumer goods company responding to the growing needs of the Saudi and Middle East communities. The Group's core activities are import, distribution, promotion, marketing and manufacturing. Today, Tamer Group has established a special position in the Saudi marketplace, resulting from a unique approach to business, service and customer portfolio. Headquartered in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia, Tamer Group serves many of the world's leading companies through various agreements, partnerships, and joint ventures. For more information, see http://www.tamergroup.com   Sigfox Contacts  Laurence Collet, media relations Sigfox  laurence.collet@sigfox.com  +33-7-86-27-36-43  Simon Chan, Edelman for Sigfox  simon.chan@edelman.com   +44(0)7875-198-091    Sigfox PR Newswire Dit persbericht is via ANP Pers Support naar internationale (vak en online) media gestuurd. Heb je nieuws voor buitenlandse journalisten? Bekijk dan onze mogelijkheden of neem contact met ons op. Andere persberichten van deze organisatie World Green Organisation (WGO) is launching Hong Kong's first 'White List' of baby products that has higher safety standards zondag 20 november 2016 11:48 Vin Caraher, CEO van Clarivate Analytics, treedt af om bestuurslid te worden; Jay Nadler volgt hem op zaterdag 19 november 2016 21:21 PolySync wint wedstrijd Top Ten Automotive Startups(TM) van 2016 op AutoMobility LA(TM) van de LA Auto Show vrijdag 18 november 2016 22:19 Qoros Unveils Segment-first Product, Revolutionary QamFree Engine Technology and "Experience the New Premium" Brand Claim at 2016 Guangzhou Auto Show vrijdag 18 november 2016 17:59 Verstuur nu éénmalig een persbericht Verstuur persberichten en beeldmateriaal naar redacties in binnen- en buitenland. Via het ANP-net, het internationale medianetwerk van PR Newswire of met een perslijst op maat. Direct persbericht versturen Onze services De media bereiken? Plaats persbericht rechtstreeks op het ANP-medianetwerk Verstuur persbericht naar internationale persagentschappen Verstuur persbericht naar vak- en/of lokale media Persfoto plaatsen op het ANP-fotonet Stel zelf je (inter)nationale perslijsten samen Zet je evenement of persuitnodiging op de ANP Nieuwsagenda Stel multimedia-content beschikbaar aan redacties en websites Tarievenkaart 2016 Nieuwswaardige content creëren? Laat je persbericht opstellen door een professionele tekstschrijver Laat je persbericht controleren door een nieuwsprofessional Regel een persfotograaf voor journalistiek beeldmateriaal Genereer media-aandacht met een videopersbericht Benut de kracht van infographics Animatie laten maken Ideeën opdoen? Actuele persberichten die via ons netwerk zijn verstuurd Hoe schrijf je een effectief persbericht Hoe andere communicatieprof's ANP Pers Support inzetten Workshops en events Onze blogs over het snijvlak van PR en media Zien of je nieuws is opgepakt? Media-aandacht monitoren en analyseren Ontvang onze nieuwsbrief Blijf op de hoogte en schrijf je in. APS Direct Login Home Diensten Inspiratie Over ons Contact ANP Pers Support is onderdeel van ANP en PR Newswire
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. Intel Looks to a New Chip to Power the Coming Age of AI subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER Roadmap to 2020 Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 3 hours Love stinks: bit.ly/2g5dZRH Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Advertisement. Slide: 1 / of 1. Caption: Getty Images Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: Cade Metz. Cade Metz Business Date of Publication: 11.18.16. 11.18.16 Time of Publication: 6:30 am. 6:30 am Intel Looks to a New Chip to Power the Coming Age of AI Getty Images Microsoft researchers recently built an artificially intelligent system that seems to recognize conversational speech as effectively as a human. Yes, this research comes with caveats, but it’s part of a very real and very rapid leap in artificial intelligence over the past several years, a leap driven by deep neural networks. These sweepingly complex algorithms can teach themselves very particular tasks by analyzing vast amounts of data. Microsoft’s system learned to recognize words by looking for patterns in old tech support calls. But it’s not just the algorithms that are driving the recent revolution in AI. It’s also the hardware behind these algorithms. Microsoft’s speech rec system relies on large farms of GPU processors, chips that were originally designed for rendering graphics but have proven remarkably adept at running artificial intelligence models. Related Stories Giant Corporations Are Hoarding the World’s AI Talent What the AI Behind AlphaGo Can Teach Us About Being Human Inside OpenAI, Elon Musk’s Wild Plan to Set Artificial Intelligence Free Internet giants like Microsoft, Google, Facebook, and Baidu typically train their deep neural nets using GPUs. But they’re moving towards other, more specialized chips that can help accelerate not just the training but the execution of these systems. Google recently built its own AI processor. IBM is building another. So Intel, the world’s largest chip maker, is doing the same. Yesterday, the company unveiled a new AI processor called Nervana, saying it plans on testing prototypes by the middle of next year, and if all goes well, a finished chip will come to market by the end of 2017. At the moment, the market for AI chips is dominated by nVidia, the primary supplier of GPUs. But Intel is pushing to be a big part of this potentially enormous market in the years to come. The new chip is based on technology originally built by a startup Intel acquired earlier this year, also called Nervana. “This really is the industry’s first purpose-built silicon for artificial intelligence,” says Intel corporate vice president Jason Waxman, who oversees the chips the company sells for big data centers like those operated by Google and Microsoft, explaining why the chip maker acquired the startup. That claims leaves out Google’s TPU chip, IBM’s True North, and perhaps others. But the Google chip isn’t a commercial product—it’s only used inside Google data centers—and the IBM chip has yet to reach the market, with some top AI researchers questioning whether it’s suited to deep learning. In any event, the race is on to create the chips that will power an AI-dominated future. Two Stages Deep neural networks operate in two stages. First comes the training stage: a company like Microsoft feeds a neural net data that will enable it to perform a particular task, like speech recognition. Then comes the execution stage, when people actually use the neural net to, say, recognize commands spoken into smartphones. Intel’s Nervana chip is designed to help with both stages, says Nervana founder Navene Rao, now an Intel vice president and general manager. The chip is also designed to work not just with one type of deep neural networks, but with many. “We can boil neural networks down to a very small number of primitives, and even within those primitives, there are only a couple that matter,” Rao says, meaning that just a few fundamental hardware ideas can drive a wide range of deep learning services. Related Video President Barack Obama on How Artificial Intelligence Will Affect Jobs Today, GPUs are still the most effective way of training AI systems, while companies are exploring all sorts of hardware for execution. Baidu executes with help from GPUs, for instance, while Microsoft uses programmable chips called FPGAs. Google went so far as to design its own chip, the TPU. But GPUs—originally design for other purposes—are far from ideal. “They just happen to be what we have,” says Sam Altman, president of the tech accelerator Y Combinator and co-chairman of open-source AI lab OpenAI. And not everyone has the resources to program their own chips, much less design them from scratch. That’s where a chip like Nervana comes in. The question is how effective it will be. “We have zero details here,” says Patrick Moorhead, the president and principal analyst at Moor Insights and Strategy, a firm that closely follows the chip business. “We just don’t know what it will do.” But Altman, for one, is bullish on Intel’s technology. He was an investor in Nervana when it was a startup. “Before that experience, I was skeptical that startups were going to play a really big role in designing new AI,” he told me last week, even before Intel announced its new chip. “Now I have become much more optimistic.” Intel certainly gives this technology an added boost. Intel chips powered the rise of PC and the data center machines that serve up the modern Internet. It has the infrastructure needed to build chips at scale. It has the sales operation needed to push them into the market. And after years as the world’s dominant maker of data center chips, it has the leverage needed to get these chips inside the Internet’s biggest players. Intel missed the market for smartphone chips. But it still has a chance with AI. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Artificial Intelligence chips deep learning google Intel microsoft Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Pin Comment Email Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Pin Comment Email Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Most Popular Review: Sun and Moon are Kinder, Gentler Pokémon Games Gaming Review: Sun and Moon are Kinder, Gentler Pokémon Games 6 hours America’s Top Spy Talks Snowden Leaks and Our Ominous Future Security America’s Top Spy Talks Snowden Leaks and Our Ominous Future 11.17.16 Every Single Name on This Entrancing Map Is a Music Reference maps Every Single Name on This Entrancing Map Is a Music Reference 11.17.16 This New iPad App Makes Futuristic 3-D Scans of Your Home Apps This New iPad App Makes Futuristic 3-D Scans of Your Home 11.17.16 The EU’s Android Antitrust Complaints Are Contrived WIRED Opinion The EU’s Android Antitrust Complaints Are Contrived 6 hours John Oliver Sums Up Election 2016 in One Devastating Last Week Tonight Episode TV John Oliver Sums Up Election 2016 in One Devastating Last Week Tonight Episode 11.14.16 Woah, Google’s AI Is Really Good at Pictionary Artificial Intelligence Woah, Google’s AI Is Really Good at Pictionary 2 days Snap’s Spectacles Are the Beginning of a Camera-First Future gear Snap’s Spectacles Are the Beginning of a Camera-First Future 7 hours More Stories Skip Comments. Skip to: Footer. View comments Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Business WIRED Opinion The EU’s Android Antitrust Complaints Are Contrived 6 hours Future of News Facebook Shouldn’t Bother Policing Fake News—It Should Go Local Instead 2 days Business Inside Facebook’s First Efforts to Rain Internet from the Sky 11.10.16 Brain Drain Giant Corporations Are Hoarding the World’s AI Talent 11.17.16 social media HeartMob’s Volunteers Crack the Trollish Eggs of Twitter 11.16.16 physics Physicists Uncover Strange Numbers in Particle Collisions 6 hours We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 3 hours Love stinks: bit.ly/2g5dZRH Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 3 hours Love stinks: bit.ly/2g5dZRH Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Skip to main content CRN Home Page   The Channel Company Menu Home News Companies Company News CRN CLOSEUPS AT&T AlienVault Commvault Connectwise Juniper Networks Ruckus Wireless Tintri Slideshows Video Blogs Reviews CRN 360 Authentication Cloud Backup & Recovery Cloud Services Cloud Software Cloud Vars Current Threats Cyber Security Endpoint Security Enterprise Opportunities Network Security SD-WAN SMB & Midmarket Opportunities Threat Management Wireless for SMBs How-to Research Lists Events Learning Centers Dell EMC World Special Issue 100 People You Should Know Showcase Cloud Partner Program Guide Showcase Future of Mobility Solutions Cylance Security Learning Center Easy Connect Managed Hybrid Server Center Digital Innovation Together Cloud Security Learning Center Data Fabric Learning Center Security Delivery Platform Learning Center IOT SOLUTION PROVIDER Webroot Learning Center Business Compute Forum StorageCraft Recover-ability Women of the Channel Jobs Technologies Apps & OS Application Development Business Intelligence and Analytics Collaboration and Communications Database and System Software Enterprise Applications Open Source Operating systems SMB Applications Software as a Service Channel Distribution Enterprise Opportunities Mergers and Acquisitions Professional Services SMB/Midmarket Opportunities Vertical Opportunities Cloud Cloud Channel Programs Cloud Infrastructure Cloud Platforms Cloud Security Cloud Software Cloud Storage Cloud VARs Components & Peripherals CPUs/GPUs Digital Signage/Monitors Hard Drives Motherboards Printers White Box Data Center Network/Systems Management Power/Heating and Cooling Servers Internet of Things Managed Services Mobility Desktop/Clients Notebooks Smart phones Tablets Ultrabooks Wearables Networking Routers and Switches Telecom VOIP and Unified Communications Video Wireless Security Access Control Application and Platform Security Current Threats Data Breaches Data Protection Technologies Network Security Threat Management Storage Data Protection/Disaster Recovery Networked Storage Storage Services Storage software Virtualization Head-To-Head: Google Pixel XL Vs. Apple iPhone 7 Plus          * 7 Lessons On Emerging Technology Investments From Ashton Kutcher          * Intel Dives Into Artificial Intelligence With New Nervana Platform, Product Roadmap          * 5 Companies That Had A Rough Week          * CRN Exclusive: NetApp CEO Kurian On The Cloud, Hyper-Converged Infrastructure, And A Very Successful Fiscal Quarter          * 10 Best-Selling Network Security Brands In Q3 2016          * 5 Companies That Came To Win This Week          * 16 Massive M&A Deals Reshaping The Channel: October 2016          * Tweet Intel Dives Into Artificial Intelligence With New Nervana Platform, Product Roadmap byLindsey O'Donnell on November 17, 2016, 6:35 pm EST Printer-friendly version Email this CRN article Intel has made its official foray into artificial intelligence, on Thursday launching the Nervana platform, which includes comprehensive solutions and a roadmap of future products. Intel CEO Brian Krzanich said in a blog post that the Santa Clara, Calif.-based company is making major investments in artificial intelligence through using data analytics, machine learning and deep learning to develop machine intelligence applications. "Intel is committed to AI and is making major investments across technology, training, resources and R&D to advance AI for business and society," he said. "We have a commitment to our partners, the industry as a whole and our global society to accelerate AI development, deliver end-to-end solutions, and lead the next generation of computing transformations." [Related: Google And Intel Strengthen Ties To Drive Enterprise Cloud Adoption] As part of its platform, the company revealed a product roadmap, including the first silicon optimized for neural networks to deliver high performance for deep learning, as well as compute density at a high-bandwidth interconnect. This silicon, codenamed "Lake Crest," will be tested in the first half of 2017, and will be available to customers later in the year. Intel also introduced a new product, codenamed "Knights Crest," which will tightly integrate its Intel Xeon processors with technology from Nervana Systems. "As a partner, I always like to see Intel involved in emerging markets because I know they will always include their channel as part of the overall strategic plan," said Kent Tibbils, vice president of marketing at ASI, a Fremont, Calif.-based Intel system builder. "Whether it’s creating the market, helping to develop standards, or manufacturing the technologies, resellers benefit far more when Intel is leading." The company has been actively building its AI platform via acquisitions. It has bought machine learning specialist Saffron, embedded computer vision company Movidius and Nervana Systems, which helps companies accelerate training time as part of the AI development cycle. "The goal of these acquisitions and investments is to make AI pervasive and accessible. Our goal is to compress the innovation cycle from conception to the deployment of increasingly intelligent, robust and collaborative machines," said Krzanich in a release. "Intel offers crucial technologies to drive the AI revolution, but we must work together as an industry – and as a society – to achieve the ultimate potential of AI." Intel has always played a role in AI through its Intel Xeon processors and Intel Xeon Phi processors to more workload-optimized accelerators like FPGAs (field-programmable gate arrays) and the technology innovations acquired from Nervana. "Intel threw their formal AI strategy axe into the ocean which was very important given the general tech industry sees GPUs as the current driver of AI compute," said Patrick Moorhead, president and principal Analyst of Moor Insights & Strategy, a leading tech analyst firm based in Austin, Texas. "If Intel can execute on and deliver what they said they would do today, Intel will be a future player in AI.  "To be clear, Intel is part of almost every AI implementation today as you can't boot a GPU, but in leading-edge installations, GPUs are doing most of the heavy-lifting for deep neural net training." Intel said it expects the next generation of Intel Xeon Phi processors, codenamed “Knights Mill," which will deliver up to four times better performance than the previous generation for deep learning, will be available in 2017. The company also announced it is shipping a preliminary version of the next generation of Intel Xeon processors to select cloud service providers. Intel on Thursday also announced a partnership with Google to integrate their technologies for better better power container management, machine learning and Internet of Things (IoT) workloads. Printer-friendly version Email this CRN article Slide Shows CRN Exclusive: NetApp CEO Kurian On The Cloud, Hyper-Converged Infrastructure, And A Very Successful Fiscal Quarter NetApp CEO George Kurian said that NetApp is once again on the path to growth as its flash storage and cloud storage success finally outweighs the drop in its more mature technologies. 5 Companies That Had A Rough Week For the week ending Nov. 18, CRN looks at IT companies that were unfortunate, unsuccessful or just didn't make good decisions. EarthLink Channel Chief On Windstream Merger And Building An Ultra-Responsive Partner Program Olen Scott speaks with CRN to discuss EarthLink's channel focus, the opportunities for partners selling strategic services, and what the channel needs to know about EarthLink's pending merger with Windstream. More Slide Shows Search Videos View More Videos TODAY'S TOP STORIES Head-To-Head: Google Pixel XL Vs. Apple iPhone 7 Plus The 15 Biggest News Stories Of 2016 (So Far) Head-To-Head: Lenovo Yoga 900S Vs. Microsoft Surface Pro 4 25 Gadgets To Get Your Techie Dad This Father's Day 7 Lessons On Emerging Technology Investments From Ashton Kutcher Featured IN 2016 Tech Innovator Awards The 2016 Tech Innovator Awards honor vendors in 28 categories, with the winners and finalists chosen from among 230 applicants in areas ranging from cloud to security to networking to mobile. itbestofbreed.com The Channel Company Exclusive Research: Strategic Partnerships Help Solution Providers, Tech Vendors Drive More Sales Together SoftwareONE Strengthens Ties With AWS Blog Roundup: Goin' Mobile – And Lovin' It Partners Fear Sales Conflict After Dell EMC Cuts Quest From Channel Program M&A Deals That Reshaped The Channel: October 2016 8 RMM Tools For MSPs Billing Made Easier For AWS' Software Vendor Partners More MORE ABOUT CRN: Latest Issue | Subscribe | Newsletters | Contact | Reprints & Licensing | Media Kit | Site Map | Terms of Service | Privacy Statement | Copyright © 2016 The Channel Company, All rights reserved
null
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Investors' Soapbox PM Nvidia Ready for Artificial Intelligence, Not AMD Graphics processing units are ideal for repetitive processing but AMD is too resource-constrained. Nov. 16, 2016 3:12 p.m. ET MKM Partners Top silicon suppliers are highlighting artificial intelligence as a major investment theme, as seen with Nvidia’s meteoric growth, Qualcomm’s deal for NXP Semiconductors motivated by autonomous driving processing, and Intel’s Artificial Intelligence Day for investors this Thursday and prior Autonomous Driving Day at IDF. We view artificial intelligence (AI) as a potential $15 billion opportunity by 2025, where... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Taming Federal Debt: The Case for 100-Year Bonds Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Bonds Suddenly Look Like a Bargain Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. ETFs: How to Play This Brave New Market Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Ready to Step on the Gas Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: The Case for 100-Year Treasuries 2 3 Stories in 60 Seconds: Tesla and More 3 How to Get the Best Financial Advice Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to content Fone Arena The Mobile Blog Menu Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Intel unveils AI strategy and announces Intel Nervana AI Academy Intel announced a range of new products, technologies and investments from the edge to the data center to help expand and accelerate the growth of artificial intelligence (AI). The company developing new chips to drive AI capabilities in everything from smart factories and drones to sports, fraud detection and autonomous cars. Intel had acquired AI startup Nervana in August this year and now the company is giving more details about where it will include Nervana’s tech into the product roadmap. Intel will test first silicon (code-named “Lake Crest”) in the first half of 2017 and will make it available to key customers later in the year. In addition, Intel announced a new product (code-named “Knights Crest”) on the roadmap that tightly integrates Intel Xeon processors with the technology from Nervana. Lake Crest is optimized specifically for neural networks to deliver the highest performance for deep learning and offers unprecedented compute density with a high-bandwidth interconnect. Diane Bryant, executive vice president and general manager of the Data Center Group at Intel said that before the end of the decade, Intel will deliver a 100-fold increase in performance that will turbocharge the pace of innovation in the emerging deep learning space. Bryant also announced that Intel expects the next generation of Intel Xeon Phi processors (code-named “Knights Mill”) will deliver up to 4x better performance than the previous generation for deep learning and will be available in 2017. In addition, Intel announced it is shipping a preliminary version of the next generation of Intel Xeon processors (code-named “Skylake”) to select cloud service providers. Intel also sells FPGAs (field programmable gate arrays), which are circuits that can reprogrammed to do specific tasks. Intel wants to put FPGAs in servers, autonomous cars, robots, and drones. Intel next year will ship the Deep Learning Inference Accelerator, an FPGA that competes with inferencing chips like Google’s Tensor Processing Unit. Intel also announced Intel Nervana AI Academy which will track three groups viz, Academia, Professionals, and Startups. The Academy will host meetups, offer onsite, online and event based training, plus an ongoing expansion of enablement activities. Source: 1, 2 "Intel unveils AI strategy and announces Intel Nervana AI Academy", 5 out of 5 based on 5 ratings. Author: Sneha Bokil Sneha Bokil is a tech enthusiast and is currently using Nexus 5X but she still treasures her Nokia N70 (M). You can follow her on Twitter @snehabokil and on Google+ View all posts by Sneha Bokil Author Sneha BokilPosted on November 18, 2016Categories Intel Post navigation Previous Previous post: Telangana Government signs MoU with Microsoft for cloud and mobile-based solutions Next Next post: Samsung Galaxy J3 (2017) with Snapdragon 430 press image surfaces Trending Phones OnePlus 3 Xiaomi Mi Max Gionee S6 Pro Le 2 Pro Le 2 Le Max 2 Mobile Phones Nokia Sony Ericsson Samsung Motorola i-Mate Dopod HTC LG 02 BlackBerry Sagem Haier palmOne HP Spice Fly Apple Latest Phones Lenovo Phab 2 Lenovo Phab 2 Plus Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto Z Force Reliance Lyf Wind 5 Featured Video Subscribe to FA on YouTube Recent Posts Samsung Galaxy A7 (2017) with 16MP front and rear cameras receives Bluetooth certification Google rolls out Play Store and Android Apps to four more Chromebooks Huawei P10 with dual rear Leica cameras surface OnePlus 3 OxygenOS Open Beta 7 brings audio tuner, November Android security update and more Huawei Mate 9 Lite with 5.5-inch 1080p display, dual rear cameras, 4GB RAM announced Weekly Roundup: Vivo V5 20MP selfie smartphone, OnePlus 3T, World’s thinnest Acer laptop and more HTC schedules an event in Taiwan on Nov 22, water-resistant HTC 10 Evo with Android 7.0 expected Apple could integrate Augmented Reality technology into iPhone camera app Reliance Jio starts testing doorstep SIM card delivery through pilot program Xiaomi Mi MIX Nano surfaces, Apple exploring iPhone production in the US and more – FoneArena Daily CategoriesCategories Select Category 2 in 1 3G 4G Accessories Acer Aircel Airtel Alcatel Amazon Android Announcements AOC Apple apps Articles askFA AskFoneArena Asus AT&T Bada Battery test Benchmarks Bharti Blackberry BlackBerry World Blogging Bluetooth Brands BSNL BT Byond Camera Samples Canada Cases CDMA CeBIT Celkon CES CES 2013 CES 2014 CES 2015 CES 2016 Chaze Cheers China china Computex 2014 Computex 2015 Computex 2016 Contributors Coolpad CREO CTIA Datawind Dell Development development Digiflip Pro Domo Dual SIM EE Elephone eReaders EV-DO Events Exclusive Facebook Featured Firefox Fitness Trackers Fly FoneArena Daily FoneArena Labs G Five Games G’FIVE General Gifts Gionee Google GPRS GPS GSM Guides Handsets Headlines HP HTC Huawei Hutch iBall iberry IDEA IFA India Infocus INQ Instagram Photo Contest Intek Intel Interviews Intex IoT iPad iPhone itel Japan Japan Java / J2ME Jio Jolla Karbonn Lava LeEco Lemon Lenovo LeTV LG Linux Luxury Maemo Magicon Manufacturers Maxx MeeGo Meizu Memory Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTNL MTS Multimedia MWC MWC 2010 MWC 2011 MWC 2012 MWC 2013 MWC 2014 MWC 2015 MWC 2016 News Nexian Nextbit NFC Nokia Nokia World 2009 Nokia World 2010 Nokia World 2011 Nokia-Siemens O2 Obi OnePlus Operators Oplus Oppo Palm Palm Panasonic Phicomm Philips Photo Gallery Platforms poll Press Releases Previews Qiku Qualcomm Reliance Reliance Reports Reviews Roundup Rumors Sailfish Samsung Sections SEE2009 Sennheiser Simmtronics Singapore Smartisan Smartron Smartwatches SMS Software Sony Sony Ericsson Spice Spice Sprint Swipe Symbian T-Mobile Tablets Tata Docomo Tata Indicom TCL Teardown Technology Tesla Three Tips Tizen TP-LINK Ubuntu uk Ulefone UMi Unboxings Uncategorized Uninor USA VAS Verizon Video Videocon Videocon Vivo Vodafone VR WickedLeak Wifi Win a Nokia E7 Windows Xiaomi Xolo YU Zen Zopo ZTE ZUK FA on Facebook Youtube Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Fone Arena 2005-2016
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Advertise Privacy Newsletter Chats Search for: Facebook Pinterest Twitter YouTube Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf Get More Out of Your Roku With These 10 Tips Entertainment Get More Out of Your Roku With These 10 Tips Dan Price 6 Awesome VLC Features You May Not Know About Entertainment 6 Awesome VLC Features You May Not Know About Dan Price Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Advertise Privacy Newsletter Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: The Beginner’s Guide to CPU Overclocking Windows The Beginner’s Guide to CPU Overclocking Christian Bonilla November 17, 2016 17-11-2016 9 minutes The Beginner’s Guide to CPU Overclocking Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email To some, the term overclocking conjures up images of fried motherboards and exploding CPUs. To others, it’s commonplace.  In reality, the process of overclocking either your CPU or GPU is simple and safe. Best of all, it can provide a significant performance boost. There are, however, a few concerns you should consider when overclocking your CPU. Here is a guide to show you the ins and outs of CPU overclocking, and how to do so in a calm and safe manner. A (Very) Brief Overview of CPU Overclocking The clock in overclock refers to the clock speed of a computer component. Clock speed is indicated in Hz (Hertz), and dictates the general speed of a component. A slew of other factors determine the actual speed of your PC. Among others, that includes CPU cores, cache size, and generation. The latest gen CPUs are also much more efficient than older models. Moreover, CPU limitations are defined by external components, such as motherboard and cooler. Should I Overclock? The tech enthusiast in me wants to say “Why haven’t you overclocked your PC already?” There is, however, a method to the madness of overclocking and a variety of factors to consider. Unlocked Clock Speed Certain Intel and AMD CPUs support unlocked clock multiplier. This function allows you to increase your clock speed by changing your clock multiplier (more on this below). A few examples of unlocked CPUs are AMD’s FX Series and Intel’s K series. These are not the only CPUs which support overclocking. To be clear: clock speed is a changeable parameter in any CPU, but it is often limited by your BIOS How To Enter The BIOS On Your Computer How To Enter The BIOS On Your Computer Inside the BIOS you can change basic computer settings, like the boot order. The exact key you need to strike depends on your hardware. We have compiled a list of strategies & keys to enter... Read More . CPUs with unlocked clock multipliers also allow for better voltage control, clock speed control, and overclock software support. What may not be worth the extra effort, is attempting to overclock your locked CPU by flashing a different BIOS versions, upping your stock fan RPM, slapping an extra fan in your case, and pushing the limits of your non-optimized motherboard. Rule number one of PC tweaking: understand and accept the limits of your hardware. CPU Cooler One of the reasons CPU overclocking is less popular than GPU overclocking How to Safely Overclock Your GPU to Gain FPS How to Safely Overclock Your GPU to Gain FPS Overclocking can make your PC perform at clock speeds one generation above its release. If done right, it's safe and easy. We'll show you how to get a GPU performance boost for free. Read More is cooling. GPUs come equipped with their own heat dissipating and cooling technology. This allows users to overclock their GPUs without having to worry about overheating the component. Image Credit: MSI.com CPUs do not provide the same level of cooling How to Prevent Computer Overheating & Keep Your PC Cool How to Prevent Computer Overheating & Keep Your PC Cool Overheating computers may lead to unexpected shutdowns, lost data, and hardware damage. We'll show you how to read computer temperatures and simple ways to keep your PC cool. Read More at stock. We don’t recommend stock coolers, even under regular CPU loads. Once users begin experimenting with CPU voltage, temperatures can increase exponentially. This is why an upgraded CPU cooler is not only helpful, but downright necessary, when it comes to legitimate CPU overclocks. Yet, with a careful eye, respectable CPU overclocks using stock coolers are achievable. Cooler Master Hyper 212 EVO - CPU Cooler with 120mm PWM Fan (RR-212E-20PK-R2) Cooler Master Hyper 212 EVO - CPU Cooler with 120mm PWM Fan (RR-212E-20PK-R2) Well-balanced cooling performance provides fin optimizations with perfect balance between high and low speed operations Buy Now At Amazon $23.75 Turbo Boost/Core Technology Let’s say you have an Intel Core i5 4460 processor in your PC, and you’d like to squeeze a little more juice out of your processor. I know my i5 4460 has a base clock of 3.2 GHz, so maybe I’ll attempt to increase it to 3.3 GHz. There’s only one problem. The CPU already runs at that speed. How? Through a piece of technology called Turbo Boost for Intel CPUs and Turbo Core for AMD CPUs. Turbo Boost or Core operate by adjusting clock speed dynamically, allowing for more performance of a single CPU core when under load. This means the base clock of your CPU may be 3.20 GHz, but can perform at a higher clock speed. Keep this in mind if you’re only thinking of adjusting clock speeds slightly; you may not even need to! Danger! High Voltage Overclocking is more an art than a science. First, the user increases the clock speed. This first process will, in itself, increase the heat of your CPU. Once you hit a stability limit, the dance isn’t over. You’ll need to increase the voltage to match the performance increase of your clock speed. A lapse in judgement concerning CPU core voltage How Undervolting Decreases Heat & Increases Battery Life How Undervolting Decreases Heat & Increases Battery Life Would you believe that many computers and smartphones can run cooler and consume less power? A trick exists, called undervolting, which can increase your CPU's efficiency with few drawbacks. If performed right, devices generally produce... Read More is the main cause of worry with overclocking. Voltage, unlike clock speed, hinges on both the power capacity of your CPU and the voltage capabilities of your motherboard. Since your motherboard supplies the power to your CPU, you must ensure that your motherboard can handle the load. Gigabyte, for example, has an Overclocking motherboard series built to handle higher voltage loads than otherwise. They also provide durability rating to ensure said capabilities. The same is not true for all motherboards, so err on the side of caution when adjusting voltage settings for your CPU. Standard Overclock The problem with standardizing overclock settings is the large range of flexibility with overclock speeds. Stable overclock speeds don’t just range from generation to generation. They range from CPU to CPU. That’s why a standard overclock which works for all CPUs is impossible to find. The only way to truly overclock your CPU is to modify parameters, stress-test, rinse, and repeat. Image Credit: JK Brickworks The process may become fairly tedious, especially if you’ve never overclocked before. I would advise you take your time, and not rush the process. After all, even a slight overclock will provide you speeds you otherwise wouldn’t have. Overclocking: A First-Hand Guide The purpose of this article is not to explain the relationship your CPU has to the rest of your computer. The aim here is to provide a step by step walk-through to overclocking your PC. Remember, you can always benefit from learning What Is A Processor Core? [MakeUseOf Explains] What Is A Processor Core? [MakeUseOf Explains] Every computer has a processor, whether it's a small efficiency pro or a large performance powerhouse, or else it wouldn't be able to function. Of course, the processor, also called the CPU or Central Processing... Read More more about the inner workings of your PC. Overclocking Terms and Parameters Certain terms are vital for overclocking purposes. BCLK (Base Clock or Frequency) refers to the base speed (in Hertz, or cycles per second) of your processor. Overall clock speed does not occur in a chunk. Instead, your CPU (along with your RAM) runs in clock cycles, often referred to as its frequency. Most base clock run at 100 MHz. The overall speed of your CPU is indicated by the base clock multiplied by the clock multiplier. The Clock Multiplier is the main parameter you will change during overclock. This parameter dictates the general speed of your CPU. For example, a BCLK speed of 100 MHz and a clock multiplier setting of 32 will have an overall clock speed of 3.2 GHz or 3200 MHz. VCore, the CPU core voltage. When you are overclocking your PC, ensure that your are modifying your core voltage (as opposed to DRAM voltage, for example). You can check this parameter using monitoring software like HWMonitor or CPU-Z. At first, don’t modify VCore. After you’ve hit a snag with stability, begin increasing your voltage by tenths (.10s). The moment your PC crashes due to a VCore parameter change, switch it back. Overclocking With Software Both Intel and AMD provide official overclocking software to ease the process: Intel Extreme Tuning Utility (ETU) and AMD OverDrive. The software works as a bridge between your hardware and your overclock. I recommend these software choices for users just starting out with component overclocking. They provide an easy-to-use interface, live monitoring software, and necessary parameter limits to stop you from doing anything rash. If you already have benchmarking programs How to Benchmark Your CPU and GPU Like a Pro How to Benchmark Your CPU and GPU Like a Pro Benchmarking allows users to gauge hardware performance, troubleshoot issues, and compare system setups. It's commonly used among gamers. We introduce you to the technical details and show you how the pros benchmark their systems. Read More at your disposal, and are familiar with stress-testing, the better choice would be to enter into your BIOS and make the necessary changes there. Overclocking With Your BIOS Most PCs nowadays come equipped with cleaner BIOS interfaces How To Enter The BIOS On Your Computer How To Enter The BIOS On Your Computer Inside the BIOS you can change basic computer settings, like the boot order. The exact key you need to strike depends on your hardware. We have compiled a list of strategies & keys to enter... Read More than the ones of yester-year. Before, BIOS options were text based and provided minimal information regarding changeable variables. Today’s BIOS settings are more informative and useful. BIOS settings differ from model to model. Search for your motherboards manual online to match the instructions below with your BIOS’ equivalent. Search for the overclock settings in your BIOS. Since I am using an MSI motherboard, I will be using the MSI BIOS screen. Older BIOS versions will not include a clickable BIOS, but will often support the same parameter changes. One thing to notice before entering your overclock (OC) settings. On the top left-hand corner of the screen, you’ll see a button labeled OC Genie. OC Genie is unique to MSI motherboards, and it is an example of a canned overclock feature present in some BIOS options. Canned overclocks promise better performance with the push of a button. To be clear: OC Genie does its job. It will overclock your CPU. Yet, the ease does come at a price. OC Genie will spike your voltage higher, thereby heating your component more than necessary. Also, it doesn’t efficiently gauge your clock speed. I recommend you go the route of trial and error, rather than place your overclock in OC Genie’s hands. The same goes for other canned overclock programs. Click on the OC button of your BIOS to access your overclock settings. You will note that my OC settings are missing a key parameter: VCore or Voltage. Compare this BIOS with the following. Using a Gaming motherboard, i.e. one designed for overclocking, like the Z87 series from MSI and/or an unlocked CPU, will provide a wider range of overclocking capabilities. Locked processors, in conjunction with optimized BIOS versions, will limit the parameters you can change. The general practice of overclocking, however, does not change from CPU to CPU. If you have a locked CPU, either roll back your BIOS or use an unlocked processor to enable default voltage settings. Step 1: Disable Turbo Boost / Core. You can do so by mousing over the Turbo Boost / Core parameter and clicking Disable. Since Turbo Boost and Core create an offset with voltage and CPU ratio, it is difficult to test the raw stability of any given overclock. The same goes for disabling any canned overclocking programs like OC Genie. Step 2: Locate your CPU Ratio. Don’t confuse this with Base or Adjusted frequency. Your CPU ratio is a two-digit parameter which, when multiplied by your Base Frequency, creates your adjusted CPU Frequency. This number indicates the general speed of your CPU. Adjust this parameter by single-digits, i.e. a 33 CPU Ratio to 34. If, after stress-testing, your PC crashes, lower the parameter. There is a trick to changing BIOS parameters. The [Auto] parameter gives a preset list of choices to choose from, or much enter your own parameter into the list. The Auto parameter, on the other hand, indicates that you can enter a numerical value. To change, mouse-over the parameter and type in your value. Most users click on this parameter to no avail. You must enter the value yourself. You can also change this setting by using the + / – keyboard commands. If a value you enter automatically reverts to a lesser value, your CPU is locked. Step 3: If you hit a ceiling with your CPU Ratio, begin increasing your default voltage by .025 V. Stress-test and repeat until you hit a bump in stability. Do not scale your voltage wildly. Voltage caps hinge on multiple aspects of your rig, including CPU sockets and motherboard capabilities. This makes voltage changes the most dangerous parameter to modify. If you start slow and ensure a thorough stress-test, you have nothing to worry about. How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love My BIOS There is a tendency to think overclocking a PC requires that the user study huge tomes regarding Computer Engineering. Overclocking, as has been shown, amounts to a little more than slightly opening the gates of power from your CPU. Have no fear, proceed safely and unlock the potential of your CPU! While you’re getting started, also keep an eye on your system with these diagnostic tools 13 Windows Diagnostics Tools to Check Your PC's Health 13 Windows Diagnostics Tools to Check Your PC's Health Every Windows user eventually encounters problems that aren't easy to diagnose. Bookmark this article, so you'll have a list of tools handy to help you when it happens to you! Read More . Do you overclock your CPU? What’s your method? Let us know in the comments below! Previous PostTop Programs That Can Make Your Computer Run FasterNext Post7 Simple Steps to Diagnose a Network Problem 0 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Christian Bonilla 51 articles Christian is a recent addition to the MakeUseOf community and an avid reader of everything from dense literature to Calvin and Hobbes comic strips. His passion for technology is only matched by his want and willingness to help; if you have any questions concerning (mostly) anything, feel free to email… Advertisement Latest Giveaways Asus ZenFone 3 Review and Giveaway Asus ZenFone 3 Review and Giveaway Riley J. Dennis November 18, 2016 18-11-2016 PlayStation VR Review and Massive Giveaway PlayStation VR Review and Massive Giveaway James Bruce November 16, 2016 16-11-2016 Moto G4 Plus Review and Giveaway Moto G4 Plus Review and Giveaway Riley J. Dennis November 11, 2016 11-11-2016 Advertisement Trending PlayStation VR Review and Massive Giveaway Gaming Product Reviews PlayStation VR Review and Massive Giveaway James Bruce November 16, 2016 16-11-2016 Get More Out of Your Roku With These 10 Tips Entertainment Get More Out of Your Roku With These 10 Tips Dan Price November 15, 2016 15-11-2016 Android Auto Is Now Available for Everyone: What Can It Do? Android Android Auto Is Now Available for Everyone: What Can It… Ben Stegner November 14, 2016 14-11-2016 Advertisement Related Articles Why the Heck Were Samsung’s Batteries Exploding Anyway? Technology Explained Why the Heck Were Samsung’s Batteries Exploding Anyway? Derek Walsh November 18, 2016 18-11-2016 How to Fix the Windows Store and Its Apps in Windows 10 Windows How to Fix the Windows Store and Its Apps in Windows 10 Joe Keeley November 18, 2016 18-11-2016 Technology for the Elderly? The Best Tech Gifts for Grandma in 2016 Buying Guides Technology for the Elderly? The Best Tech Gifts for Grandma in 2016 Dave LeClair November 18, 2016 18-11-2016 Advertisement Latest Deals Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2016 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska KEEP Program Proves to Boost Application Performance for KNL News provided by Inspur Electronic Information Industry Co., Ltd Nov 17, 2016, 21:37 ET Share this article SALT LAKE CITY, Nov. 17, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Inspur released a report at the 2016 Global Supercomputing Conference (SC16) sharing the latest developments and applications of the KEEP program. The KEEP program (Knights Landing Evaluation and Escalation Program) is a pilot program jointly launched this past June by Inspur and Intel – based on Intel's new generation many-core processor, Knights Landing (KNL). In the KEEP program, Inspur and Intel jointly established an open and high-performance computing system based on brand-new KNL technology. During the first stage, a KNL testing system with a calculation capacity of over 200 TFlops was built – expandable to 700 TFlops later to help more high-performance computing and deep-learning users to accomplish application tests, transfers and optimization for the KNL. As presented at the conference, many users from different fields are deeply involved in the KEEP program – from traditional high-performance computing areas, such as oceanographic simulation, fluid mechanics computing, astronomical data processing and oil exploration, to new emerging fields such as HPDA – a combination of high-performance computing, big data, and intelligent computing, etc. Several KEEP program user experiences show that KNL is not only the most powerful many-core computer processor, it is also programming-friendly. Additionally, the basic performance reaches at least twice that of a dual-socket E5-2680 v4 CPU even without code level deep optimization. There is even more room to improve the performance when code-level deep optimization is performed specifically for the structural characteristics, or for the application algorithms of the KNL. KNL will continue to greatly improve the application of high-performance computing, deep learning, intelligent computing and big data applications, and a growing number of future applications will apply KNL to achieve better performance. The large number of realistic and reliable HPC application optimization experiences gathered via the KEEP program will undoubtedly contribute to the acceleration of the broader application and popularization of KNL. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/keep-program-proves-to-boost-application-performance-for-knl-300365694.html SOURCE Inspur Electronic Information Industry Co., Ltd Nov 17, 2016, 00:11 ET Preview: Inspur Launches GPU Deep Learning Appliance My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Nov 17, 2016, 00:11 ETInspur Launches GPU Deep Learning Appliance Nov 15, 2016, 23:04 ETInspur and Intel Co-Launch Leading FPGA Card in the US Explore More news releases in similar topics Internet Technology Computer Electronics Computer Software Multimedia & Internet Trade Show News You just read: KEEP Program Proves to Boost Application Performance for KNL News provided by Inspur Electronic Information Industry Co., Ltd Nov 17, 2016, 21:37 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Subscribers Home Were You Seen? Traffic Weather School Closings Events Calendar Calendar: Add Event Obituaries Puzzles Palace Buy Photos & More Help & Contact Us Site Index Subscriber Services Archives (1986-Present) Albany man charged with DWI accident Rensselaer Co., hilltowns wake to significant snowfall ‘Soul-sick’ over intolerance, Cuomo says state will Pope shuts Holy Door, but urges: Stay open to reconciliation News Breaking News Local Capitol Confidential State & Capitol U.S. & World Opinion Your Town Obituaries Newsletters School Closings All Stories Soul singer Sharon Jones, 60, dies Trump mends fences with bitter foe Romney No sign that electors will budge on vote Trump takes a sharp right Sports HS Sports Sidelines Siena UAlbany Hockey MLB NFL NBA Golf Auto Racing Columnists All Stories UAlbany falls to Grand Canyon Oregon knocks off No. 11 Utah Troy football tops New Rochelle for spot in state final Ohio State holds on for win Business The Buzz Blog Women@Work Technology News Salary Wizard Press Releases Sponsored Content Mortgage Rates Business Directory All Stories Season shifts to wind, wet, snow GE using augmented reality to talk to machines ESD gains more oversight of SUNY Poly entities GlobalFoundries travels to Oregon to fill Fab 8 jobs Entertainment Events Calendar Seen Photos Viral Videos Movies & TV Table Hopping Restaurants Local Arts Puzzles Palace Best of 2016 Your Horoscope Comics All Stories Presley recounts her life in a 'bubble' Tanglewood announces 2017 season 22 things to do this weekend Picks of the week Living 518Life Women@Work Table Hopping Celebrations House of the Week Puzzles Palace High School Parenting Health Find a Doctor Savings Source Sponsored Content All Stories Upstate New York community named one of the coziest mountain Today's Birthdays Naughty or Nice Cookie Challenge: It's time to vote Second Helpings: Mini restaurant reviews Blogs All Blogs Kristi Barlette Capitol Confidential Local Politics Table Hopping Shopportunist Arts Talk Movies The Buzz: Business Hot Topics Parent to Parent Capital Region Gives The journey to self-love, from a girl who didn’t love ‘Soul-sick’ over intolerance, Cuomo says state will Time to get serious | City of Albany Budget Part 4 Our first job: protecting the most vulnerable among us. TU Plus Exclusive Local & State Business & Tech Arts & Lifestyle Sports & Recreation Opinion Women@Work 518Life Restaurant Reviews Best of 2016 tu+ FAQ Subscribe/Activate tu+ A destination on the rise at Phoenicians Palace Male drivers ticketed more than female motorists in region, New Rooting out homegrown terror Siena basketball's Lavon Long makes debut Sunday Jobs Jobs Weekly Job Fair Place an Ad Salary Wizard Careers Blog Business Blog Jobs at the TU Walt Robb, Steve Lobel appearing at BizLab on Nov. 16 GlobalFoundries plans ‘multi-billion’ Fab 8 upgrade Momentive workers mull strike after rejecting ‘final Signs of change in downtown Troy Homes For Sale For Rent Open Houses New Homes Land & Farms Commercial Services Auctions Mortgage Rates Home Style House of the Week Places & Spaces Blog House of the Week: Townhouse in North Greenbush Tobey Maguire shops his three-part project Realtors offer options to ease homebuyer concerns High & Low Cars Search New Cars Vehicle Reviews Dealer Pre-Owned Cars Classic Cars Blog Private Pre-Owned Cars The Bike Blog Photos: Million-dollar cars for auction Car Show Photos: N.Y. Power Authority Blenheim Gilboa Car Show The Raleigh Classic – Auction Highlights – June 2015 Future Collectibles: 2015 Dodge Charger SRT Hellcat Classifieds Search Classifieds Place Classified Ad Coupons & Deals Legal Notices Business Directory Place a Legal Notice Realtor Ads Shopportunist Blog Auto Dealer Ads How to Advertise Job Listings The 30 best Black Friday deals for 2016 Target: Take 30% off toys this Saturday only Lowe’s 2016 Black Friday ad leak Target: Top 10 Black Friday bargains for 2016 MenuSections http://www.timesunion.com/business/article/GlobalFoundries-travels-to-Oregon-to-fill-Fab-8-10622089.php GlobalFoundries travels to Oregon to fill Fab 8 jobs GloFo seeks laid-off workers from Intel for positions in Malta By Larry Rulison Published 10:05 pm, Thursday, November 17, 2016 Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 Workers at GlobalFoundries' Fab 8 chip factory in Malta. Source: GlobalFoundries Workers at GlobalFoundries' Fab 8 chip factory in Malta. Source: GlobalFoundries GlobalFoundries travels to Oregon to fill Fab 8 jobs 1 / 1 Back to Gallery Malta GlobalFoundries has been active in the Portland, Ore., area trying to hire former Intel workers who were laid off by the computer chip giant last spring, according to the Oregonian newspaper. The new workers are for GlobalFoundries' Fab 8 computer chip factory in Saratoga County. The idea would have been inconceivable 10 years ago when the Capital Region looked to the Portland area as a model for what it wanted to achieve with its dreams to build its own semiconductor manufacturing hub. Intel, which is based in Silicon Valley, has 19,500 employees in Hillsboro outside of Portland. The company laid off 784 in April, according to the newspaper, as part of a massive layoff of 12,000 workers worldwide announced around the same time. GlobalFoundries has 3,000 employees at Fab 8 and has another 5,000 people between two former IBM chip fabs in Vermont and in Dutchess County. GlobalFoundries doesn't compete directly with Intel because it makes chips for other companies like Advanced Micro Devices, which created GlobalFoundries as a spin-off in 2009. Experienced semiconductor engineers are difficult to find in upstate New York because there is no history of semiconductor manufacturing, forcing GlobalFoundries to search across the U.S. and the world for people. A GlobalFoundries spokesman told the Oregonian that it hired 15 development engineers from the Portland area in July and is holding more job fairs in December to try to hire 80 technicians. Lately, Fab 8 has been able to produce chips for AMD that have out-performed Intel's best chip, an indication that the manufacturing operation at Fab 8 may be the best in the world. lrulison@timesunion.com • 518-454-5504 • @larryrulison Today's Deals Powered by SHOP NOW Gillette Mach3 Turbo Rogue Shave Set for $10 + pickup at Walmart WalmartPosted 25 min ago SHOP NOW FragranceNet Sale: 50% off or more + 30% off + free shipping... FragranceNetPosted 1 day 6 hr ago SHOP NOW Refurbished Tablets at Walmart from $30 + free shipping w/ $50 WalmartPosted 1 day 4 hr ago SHOP NOW LEGO Classic 1,500-pc. Large Creative Box for $54 + free shipping WalmartPosted 1 day 7 hr ago Most Popular 1 Bethlehem police ID crash victim 2 Video: Woman in Albany police custody hits head on curb 3 SEEN: St. Peter's Hospital Foundations’ 18th Annual Holiday... 4 Man found with fatal gunshot wound in Schenectady 5 Strike puts jobs in peril 6 Judge returns Crossgates shooting defendant to jail 7 Rensselaer Co., hilltowns wake to significant snowfall View Comments © 2016 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Contact Us Our Company Jobs at the TU Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Content Blogs Weather School Closings Events Calendar Weddings/Celebrations Births Obituaries Online Store Puzzles Palace Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Delivery Become a Carrier iPad app Times Union Plus Copyright and Reprint eEdition Hearst Newspapers © Copyright The Hearst Corporation
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 1 Apple Inc. MacBook Pro Complaint That Makes No Sense Apple's new MacBook Pro systems have been controversial, but this criticism doesn't hold water. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Nov 17, 2016 at 8:20PM Developer Alexey Semeney recently wrote a blog entry titled "New MacBook Pro is not a Laptop for Developers Anymore." In the article, Semeney lists several reasons why Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) new MacBook Pro computers aren't compelling to the development community (i.e., programmers). Image source: Apple. Of the complaints, one stood out, as it made absolutely no sense. Let's take a closer look. Have processors not gotten any faster? Here's Semeney (ellipses are in original): The MacBook Pro had options with 2.4 gigahertz dual-core processors back in 2010. Anything new in 2016? Not really, well... nope. The implication here is that the processors inside of Apple's latest MacBook Pro haven't improved much from the ones inside of the MacBook Pro machines being sold in 2010. That couldn't be further from the truth. The MacBook Pro has gotten much better The early 2010 13-inch MacBook Pro included a 2.4GHz dual-core Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) Core 2 Duo P8600 processor. This chip was rated at a thermal design power of 25 watts, didn't include an integrated graphics processor, and required several support chipsets just to function properly. Compare that to the Core i5-6267U processor found in the base configuration of the 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar. The CPU, which is a dual-core chip with hyperthreading (meaning four virtual cores total), runs at 2.9GHz base and a maximum turbo speed of 3.3GHz. The chip includes a powerful integrated graphics processor (Intel Iris graphics), and requires only one support chipset to function (and that chipset is integrated onto the same package as the main processor). Further, the frequency measurement alone doesn't say much about the underlying performance of the system. Over the last several years, Intel has made substantial enhancements to its processor cores so that they can perform more work per given clock cycle, or per GHz. This means that even if Apple were to use modern (in the blogger's words) "2.4 gigahertz dual-core processors," they would be a lot faster than the processor that Apple used in its 2010 MacBook Pro computers. The combination of higher frequency and much improved performance-per-clock means that today's MacBook Pro systems are way faster than those from 2010. Indeed, per the popular Geekbench 4 CPU performance test, the baseline 13-inch MacBook Pro is more than twice as fast as the 2010 MacBook Pro in single-threaded CPU tasks, and nearly three times as fast in dual-core performance. Image source: Geekbench 4 Browser. The MacBook Pro has gotten better and faster Typical personal-computer replacement cycles are quite long, often about five to six years, according to Intel CEO Brian Krzanich. This suggests that the target audience for Apple's 2016 MacBook Pro computers is owners of personal computers (both Windows and Mac) purchased back in the 2010-2011 time frame. The improvements that Apple has brought to the table with its new systems, including processor performance, look as though they would be compelling to users of computers purchased five to six years ago. There may be legitimate criticisms of Apple's new MacBook Pro systems, particularly as they relate to software developers. However, I don't think the lack of a performance increase is something to knock Apple on, since both performance and power efficiency have gotten significantly better. At any rate, I remain optimistic that Apple's new MacBook Pro systems will do well in the marketplace, despite the complaints. Investors will be able to get a better handle on how these systems have been received by customers as Apple reports its Mac shipment and revenue figures over the next several quarters. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Nov 17, 2016 at 8:20PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $110.06 up $0.11 (0.10%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.95 down $0.07 (-0.20%) Read More Which of These Companies Could Buy InvenSense? Intel Corporation Begins Shipping Samples of Beastly Skylake-X Gaming Chip Intel Corporation Needs to Hustle on 10-Nanometer Server Chips Intel Corporation's Internet of Things Business Delivers Strong Growth Better Buy: Micron Technology, Inc. vs. Intel Corp. Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 1 Apple Inc. MacBook Pro Complaint That Makes No Sense Apple's new MacBook Pro systems have been controversial, but this criticism doesn't hold water. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Nov 17, 2016 at 8:20PM Developer Alexey Semeney recently wrote a blog entry titled "New MacBook Pro is not a Laptop for Developers Anymore." In the article, Semeney lists several reasons why Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) new MacBook Pro computers aren't compelling to the development community (i.e., programmers). Image source: Apple. Of the complaints, one stood out, as it made absolutely no sense. Let's take a closer look. Have processors not gotten any faster? Here's Semeney (ellipses are in original): The MacBook Pro had options with 2.4 gigahertz dual-core processors back in 2010. Anything new in 2016? Not really, well... nope. The implication here is that the processors inside of Apple's latest MacBook Pro haven't improved much from the ones inside of the MacBook Pro machines being sold in 2010. That couldn't be further from the truth. The MacBook Pro has gotten much better The early 2010 13-inch MacBook Pro included a 2.4GHz dual-core Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) Core 2 Duo P8600 processor. This chip was rated at a thermal design power of 25 watts, didn't include an integrated graphics processor, and required several support chipsets just to function properly. Compare that to the Core i5-6267U processor found in the base configuration of the 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar. The CPU, which is a dual-core chip with hyperthreading (meaning four virtual cores total), runs at 2.9GHz base and a maximum turbo speed of 3.3GHz. The chip includes a powerful integrated graphics processor (Intel Iris graphics), and requires only one support chipset to function (and that chipset is integrated onto the same package as the main processor). Further, the frequency measurement alone doesn't say much about the underlying performance of the system. Over the last several years, Intel has made substantial enhancements to its processor cores so that they can perform more work per given clock cycle, or per GHz. This means that even if Apple were to use modern (in the blogger's words) "2.4 gigahertz dual-core processors," they would be a lot faster than the processor that Apple used in its 2010 MacBook Pro computers. The combination of higher frequency and much improved performance-per-clock means that today's MacBook Pro systems are way faster than those from 2010. Indeed, per the popular Geekbench 4 CPU performance test, the baseline 13-inch MacBook Pro is more than twice as fast as the 2010 MacBook Pro in single-threaded CPU tasks, and nearly three times as fast in dual-core performance. Image source: Geekbench 4 Browser. The MacBook Pro has gotten better and faster Typical personal-computer replacement cycles are quite long, often about five to six years, according to Intel CEO Brian Krzanich. This suggests that the target audience for Apple's 2016 MacBook Pro computers is owners of personal computers (both Windows and Mac) purchased back in the 2010-2011 time frame. The improvements that Apple has brought to the table with its new systems, including processor performance, look as though they would be compelling to users of computers purchased five to six years ago. There may be legitimate criticisms of Apple's new MacBook Pro systems, particularly as they relate to software developers. However, I don't think the lack of a performance increase is something to knock Apple on, since both performance and power efficiency have gotten significantly better. At any rate, I remain optimistic that Apple's new MacBook Pro systems will do well in the marketplace, despite the complaints. Investors will be able to get a better handle on how these systems have been received by customers as Apple reports its Mac shipment and revenue figures over the next several quarters. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Nov 17, 2016 at 8:20PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $110.06 up $0.11 (0.10%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.95 down $0.07 (-0.20%) Read More Which of These Companies Could Buy InvenSense? Intel Corporation Begins Shipping Samples of Beastly Skylake-X Gaming Chip Intel Corporation Needs to Hustle on 10-Nanometer Server Chips Intel Corporation's Internet of Things Business Delivers Strong Growth Better Buy: Micron Technology, Inc. vs. Intel Corp. Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
HOME NEWS WGMD LOCAL NEWS LOWER EASTERN SHORE NEWS HEADLINE NEWS NATIONAL NEWS BUSINESS NEWS WORLD NEWS FOX NEWS OPINION SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY HEALTH NEWS WEATHER & TRAFFIC WEATHER CLOSINGS & DELAYS STORM CENTER TRAFFIC SPORTS BALTIMORE Baltimore Orioles Baltimore Ravens Delmarva Shorebirds WASHINGTON Washington Capitals Washington Nationals Washington Redskins Washington Wizards PHILADELPHIA Philadelphia Eagles Philadelphia Flyers Philadelphia Phillies Philadelphia 76ers Wilmington Blue Rocks COLLEGE OTHER SPORTS NASCAR LISTEN LISTEN LIVE PROGRAM SCHEDULE WGMD SHOWS MIKE BRADLEY BOB STEELE DUKE BROOKS WGMD TV EXTRAS ADMINISTRATION OPENINGS EEO PRIVACY TERMS OF USE CONTACT / PSAs PICTURE OF THE DAY COMMUNITY EVENTS CALENDAR WGMD FLEA MARKET Search WGMD 45 F Rehoboth Beach, DE Sunday, November 20, 2016 LOG IN Welcome! Log into your account Forgot your password? Recover your password HOME NEWS WGMD LOCAL NEWS LOWER EASTERN SHORE NEWS HEADLINE NEWS NATIONAL NEWS BUSINESS NEWS WORLD NEWS FOX NEWS OPINION SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY HEALTH NEWS WEATHER & TRAFFIC WEATHER CLOSINGS & DELAYS STORM CENTER TRAFFIC SPORTS BALTIMORE Baltimore Orioles Baltimore Ravens Delmarva Shorebirds WASHINGTON Washington Capitals Washington Nationals Washington Redskins Washington Wizards PHILADELPHIA Philadelphia Eagles Philadelphia Flyers Philadelphia Phillies Philadelphia 76ers Wilmington Blue Rocks COLLEGE OTHER SPORTS NASCAR LISTEN LISTEN LIVE PROGRAM SCHEDULE WGMD SHOWS MIKE BRADLEY BOB STEELE DUKE BROOKS WGMD TV EXTRAS ADMINISTRATION OPENINGS EEO PRIVACY TERMS OF USE CONTACT / PSAs PICTURE OF THE DAY COMMUNITY EVENTS CALENDAR WGMD FLEA MARKET Home Fox News Fox Business News 1 Apple Inc. MacBook Pro Complaint That Makes No Sense Fox News Fox Business News 1 Apple Inc. MacBook Pro Complaint That Makes No Sense By Ashraf Eassa - November 17, 2016 68 Developer Alexey Semeney recently wrote a blog entry titled “New MacBook Pro is not a Laptop for Developers Anymore.” In the article, Semeney lists several reasons why Apple‘s (NASDAQ: AAPL) new MacBook Pro computers aren’t compelling to the development community (i.e., programmers). Continue Reading Below Image source: Apple. Of the complaints, one stood out, as it made absolutely no sense. Let’s take a closer look. Have processors not gotten any faster? More From Fool.com Here’s Semeney (ellipses are in original): The MacBook Pro had options with 2.4 gigahertz dual-core processors back in 2010. Anything new in 2016? Not really, well… nope. Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT The implication here is that the processors inside of Apple’s latest MacBook Pro haven’t improved much from the ones inside of the MacBook Pro machines being sold in 2010. That couldn’t be further from the truth. The MacBook Pro has gotten much better The early 2010 13-inch MacBook Pro included a 2.4GHz dual-core Intel (NASDAQ: INTC) Core 2 Duo P8600 processor. This chip was rated at a thermal design power of 25 watts, didn’t include an integrated graphics processor, and required several support chipsets just to function properly. Compare that to the Core i5-6267U processor found in the base configuration of the 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar. The CPU, which is a dual-core chip with hyperthreading (meaning four virtual cores total), runs at 2.9GHz base and a maximum turbo speed of 3.3GHz. The chip includes a powerful integrated graphics processor (Intel Iris graphics), and requires only one support chipset to function (and that chipset is integrated onto the same package as the main processor). Further, the frequency measurement alone doesn’t say much about the underlying performance of the system. Over the last several years, Intel has made substantial enhancements to its processor cores so that they can perform more work per given clock cycle, or per GHz. This means that even if Apple were to use modern (in the blogger’s words) “2.4 gigahertz dual-core processors,” they would be a lot faster than the processor that Apple used in its 2010 MacBook Pro computers. The combination of higher frequency and much improved performance-per-clock means that today’s MacBook Pro systems are way faster than those from 2010. Indeed, per the popular Geekbench 4 CPU performance test, the baseline 13-inch MacBook Pro is more than twice as fast as the 2010 MacBook Pro in single-threaded CPU tasks, and nearly three times as fast in dual-core performance. Image source: Geekbench 4 Browser. The MacBook Pro has gotten better and faster Typical personal-computer replacement cycles are quite long, often about five to six years, according to Intel CEO Brian Krzanich. This suggests that the target audience for Apple’s 2016 MacBook Pro computers is owners of personal computers (both Windows and Mac) purchased back in the 2010-2011 time frame. The improvements that Apple has brought to the table with its new systems, including processor performance, look as though they would be compelling to users of computers purchased five to six years ago. There may be legitimate criticisms of Apple’s new MacBook Pro systems, particularly as they relate to software developers. However, I don’t think the lack of a performance increase is something to knock Apple on, since both performance and power efficiency have gotten significantly better. At any rate, I remain optimistic that Apple’s new MacBook Pro systems will do well in the marketplace, despite the complaints. Investors will be able to get a better handle on how these systems have been received by customers as Apple reports its Mac shipment and revenue figures over the next several quarters. A secret billion-dollar stock opportunity The world’s biggest tech company forgot to show you something, but a few Wall Street analysts and the Fool didn’t miss a beat: There’s a small company that’s powering their brand-new gadgets and the coming revolution in technology. And we think its stock price has nearly unlimited room to run for early in-the-know investors! To be one of them, just click here. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool recommends Intel.The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter servicesfree for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe thatconsidering a diverse range of insightsmakes us better investors. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy. SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleBetween trades, Cashman sleeps out on streets Next articleShareholders Approve Tesla Motors, Inc. Acquisition of SolarCity Ashraf Eassa RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Foe dubs proposed Providence high-rises 'towers of evil' 3 Flaws With Donald Trump's Tax Plan Is Cutting the Cord With Cable Worth It? Why Donald Trump Wasn't Completely Wrong About Ford's Plans for Mexico Just in Time for Christmas, AeroVironment Unveils Its New Drone Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube HOME NEWS WGMD LOCAL NEWS LOWER EASTERN SHORE NEWS HEADLINE NEWS NATIONAL NEWS BUSINESS NEWS WORLD NEWS FOX NEWS OPINION SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY HEALTH NEWS WEATHER & TRAFFIC WEATHER CLOSINGS & DELAYS STORM CENTER TRAFFIC SPORTS BALTIMORE Baltimore Orioles Baltimore Ravens Delmarva Shorebirds WASHINGTON Washington Capitals Washington Nationals Washington Redskins Washington Wizards PHILADELPHIA Philadelphia Eagles Philadelphia Flyers Philadelphia Phillies Philadelphia 76ers Wilmington Blue Rocks COLLEGE OTHER SPORTS NASCAR LISTEN LISTEN LIVE PROGRAM SCHEDULE WGMD SHOWS MIKE BRADLEY BOB STEELE DUKE BROOKS WGMD TV EXTRAS ADMINISTRATION OPENINGS EEO PRIVACY TERMS OF USE CONTACT / PSAs PICTURE OF THE DAY COMMUNITY EVENTS CALENDAR WGMD FLEA MARKET © Resort Broadcasting Company, LLC 2016 - Designed and Managed by DATATECH DIGITAL in association with OXLEY EVERYTHING WEB
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Quad Core Processing Enhances Performance of New Rugged Notebook from MilDef Compact, durable RW11 provides reliable computing in harsh mobile environments News provided by MilDef Nov 17, 2016, 12:52 ET Share this article ALEXANDRIA, Va., Nov. 17, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- MilDef, a leading provider of highly customizable rugged mobile computers, network switches, special electronics and rugged displays for the military, has added the RW11 to its Rocky series of rugged notebooks that withstand extreme environmental elements.  The new mobile computer is built on the same solid foundation as MilDef's RS11 and RV11, and incorporates a high-capacity Intel Core i7 Quad Core processor, making it the most powerful mobile computer in its class. Technical Specifications Rugged and SWaP-optimized: reliable operation in demanding applications Powerful CPU: Intel Core i7-3610QE with Intel HD graphics 4000 Extensive memory: up to four 600 GB SATA RAID SSD; 32 GB of DDRL3 RAM Industry compliance: CE, FCC, WEEE, REACH, WHQL, RoHS, IP65, MIL-STD-810G, MIL-STD-461F Continue Reading Quad Core Processing Enhances Performance of New Rugged Notebook from MilDef Designed for easy and reliable operation in the field, the highly ruggedized RW11 features a 15.6" sunlight readable display and a multi-touch capacitive touch pad. This SWaP-optimized unit houses a powerful Intel i7-3610QE CPU with an Intel HD graphics 4000 and multiple I/O ports are available to meet user specific requirements. Ideal for use as a mobile server in protected vehicles, vessels and aircrafts, the RW111 includes up to four removable SATAII/III SSDs with RAID and up to 600 GB per drive as well as up to 32 GB of DDR3L RAM operating at 1,600 MHz.   It is the only mobile notebook on the market with a NVIDIA GeForce GTX950M option, which helps balance processing across the CPU and GPU for enhanced system performance.   The RW11 is compliant with CE, FCC, WEEE, REACH, WHQL, RoHS, IP65, MIL-STD-810G and MIL-STD-461F. For more information please call 1-703-224-8835 visit https://www.mildef.com/products/notebooks?q=node/1615 or e-mail salesus@mildef.com. Get our updates: https://www.linkedin.com/company/mildef-ab ABOUT MilDef: Established in 1996, MilDef brings together a complete range of rugged electronics expertise into one supplier.  From compact computers to switches and monitors, MilDef has specialized experience in key technologies needed to deliver powerful communications solutions in the harshest environments.  The company's comprehensive product range has been proven on land, at sea and in the air with international forces around the world. Products include high-performance modular computer systems, notebooks, PDAs, tablets, displays, power supplies and the groundbreaking 19"/2 form factor. MilDef products are built to survive the rigors of combat in any environment. The company's mission is to constantly push the bar higher, getting the most performance per square inch with its innovative, compact units designed to reduce energy consumption and heat production, while being highly mobile and easily upgradable. Editorial Contact: The Simon Group, Inc. Joanna Puglisi-Barley or Christina Sanchez Phone:           (215) 453-8700 E-mail:           publicrelations@simongroup.com Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161117/440721 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/quad-core-processing-enhances-performance-of-new-rugged-notebook-from-mildef-300365207.html SOURCE MilDef Oct 04, 2016, 14:37 ET Preview: MilDef Group Expands US Footprint with Acquisition of American Reliance, Inc. (AMREL) My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Oct 04, 2016, 14:37 ETMilDef Group Expands US Footprint with Acquisition of American... Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Computer Hardware New Products & Services You just read: Quad Core Processing Enhances Performance of New Rugged Notebook from MilDef News provided by MilDef Nov 17, 2016, 12:52 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
≡ The Intercept_ English Português 🔍 Glenn Greenwald Unofficial Sources Robert Mackey Features Documents About & Contacts ft© First Look Media. All rights reserved Terms of use Privacy Sitemap The Intercept_ f t ✉ ⎕ 15 Photo: Drew Angerer/Getty Images Turkish Client Paid Trump Adviser Michael Flynn’s Company “Tens of Thousands” of Dollars for Lobbying Mattathias Schwartz Mattathias Schwartz 2016-11-17T23:53:14+00:00 Photo: Drew Angerer/Getty Images Donald Trump has repeatedly promised to “drain the swamp” of Washington corruption. The new ethics pledge he announced Wednesday would prohibit registered lobbyists from working for his transition team or administration. But Trump’s supposed aversion to lobbyists has not harmed the fortunes of Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn, one of Trump’s earliest and most visible supporters, now a vice chair of the transition team and a rumored frontrunner for the influential post of national security adviser. Though Flynn is not a lobbyist himself, his company, Flynn Intel Group, is registered with Congress as a lobbying organization, and has a registered lobbyist on its staff. A Flynn Intel Group client, Kamil Ekim Alptekin, a Turkish businessman with real estate, aerospace, and consulting interests, told The Intercept on Thursday that one of his companies, Inovo BV, paid Flynn’s company “tens of thousands of dollars” for analysis on world affairs. On election day, Flynn published an opinion piece for The Hill urging U.S. support for Turkey’s controversial strongman president, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, and pushing for the extradition of Erdogan’s political rival, Fethullah Gülen, who now resides in Pennsylvania. “From Turkey’s point of view, Washington is harboring Turkey’s Osama bin Laden,” Flynn wrote, on November 8. In a statement, Flynn said that he would sever ties with his own company if he entered Trump’s administration. He did not say whether he would close the business, where his son is listed as chief of staff, or disclose his other clients. Alptekin said that while he agreed with what Flynn wrote, he did not have any influence over his views. “There is no money in the world that could make Gen. Flynn or anybody else who is being considered for a cabinet post write that article on election day,” he said. “I don’t think a billion dollars would make him do that.” The ties between Flynn Intel Group and Inovo BV, Alptekin’s company, were previously reported by The Daily Caller and Politico. Robert Kelley, the Flynn Group’s general counsel and the main point of contact with the Inovo account, told Politico that the company’s duties included reporting on “the present situation, the transition between President Obama and President-elect Trump.” Alptekin said that was “absolutely untrue. We never had a single conversation on that issue.” He told The Intercept that he hired Flynn Intel Group “three months ago.” He said he knew of Flynn’s relationship with President-elect Trump, but that had no bearing on his decision to become a client. “It was more his reputation for integrity, and as a decorated war hero who knows the region,” he said. “I didn’t work with him directly. I never discussed the [election day] article with him directly. I didn’t sign off on the article.” While Alptekin says the payments were not for lobbying, Flynn Intel Group is registered as a lobbyist for Inovo BV, a Dutch company controlled by Alptekin. Flynn Intel Group had not registered as a lobbying entity until September. That month, Kelley, the company’s general counsel, registered as a lobbyist for Inovo BV. (A third filing, from late October, identifies a government relations company called SGR LLC as lobbying Congress on behalf of the Flynn Intel Group.) Earlier 2016 filings with the Department of Justice from Kelley’s law office identify him as an agent of the National Mobilization Forces, an Iraqi military group trained by the Turkish government and controlled by the former governor of Nineveh province. The filings show that Kelley received a total of $90,000 from the Iraqi group and terminated the relationship in June. Alptekin, a Turkish citizen who worked on Capitol Hill as a congressional fellow in 2003, confirmed that Inovo BV, his Dutch company, was a current client of Flynn Intel Group. “I don’t know him so well, but I met him a few times,” he said, of Gen. Flynn. “In general, when [Flynn] meets someone from the region, he ends up talking about the danger of radical Islam. He mentioned that radical Islam in Turkey is no different from other radical Islamic leaders in the past, with a different front face, a different back office. He compared Gülen to Ayatollah Khomeini. I remember that of the talking points he discussed with me. But I never said ‘go out and say this and do that.’” “Mr. Flynn does not work on my contract,” he added. “Mr. Bob Kelley does.” Neither Flynn nor the Trump transition team responded to requests for comment. Reached by phone on Thursday afternoon, Kelley read a three-sentence statement which he said had been prepared by Flynn. “Our counsel, Bob Kelley, registered pursuant to law for our company to represent the interests of a private company,” the statement read, in part. It continued: “If I return to government service, my relationship with my company will be severed in accordance with the policy announced by President-elect Trump.” Kelley declined to say whether the Flynn Intel Group had any foreign governments as clients. When asked whether Flynn’s son Michael, whose LinkedIn profile has him as Flynn’s “chief of staff,” would continue to have a role at the firm should his father move on to the White House, Kelley declined to respond. “I can’t give you more than what’s in the statement,” he said. Contact the author: Mattathias Schwartz✉mattathias.schwartz@​theintercept.comt@Schwartzesque ˅ ⎕ 15 Comments The Intercept_ Newsletter D × ✓ Weekly Digest ✓ Breaking Stories and Exclusives ⟶ Email list managed by MailChimp Filters SVG
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times DJIA ▲ 18867.93 -0.19%   S&P 500 ▲ 2181.90 -0.24%   Nasdaq ▲ 5321.51 -0.23%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ 0/32 yield 2.357%   Crude Oil ▲ 45.58 0.35%   Euro ▲ 1.0591 -0.34%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In How Facebook Plans to Fight Fake News U.S. Moves to Block Chinese Takeover of German Tech Firm China Presses U.S. Tech Firms to Police the Internet DraftKings, FanDuel Agree to Merge Behind ‘League of Legends,’ the Chinese Giant Plotting Global Domination Personal Technology Nintendo NES Classic Edition Review: The Best Gadget Gift Since 1985 Theranos, David Boies Cut Legal Ties South Korea Blocks Google From Expanding Local Maps Hyperloop One Settles Litigation With Co-Founder Tesla, SolarCity Merger Gets Shareholder Approval Salesforce Posts Rising Revenue, Lifts Outlook District Attorney’s Office Can’t Unlock 423 Apple Devices Theranos Whistleblower Shook the Company—and His Family What Will Happen to H-1B Skilled-Worker Visas Under Donald Trump? Intel Uses Acquired Chips to Drive Deep Learning AOL Will Lay Off Close to 500 Employees Intuit Sees Sales Rise on Increased Quickbook Subscribers Best Buy Gets Boost From Online Sales Personal Technology How to Win at Christmas Shopping: Don’t Just Trust Amazon Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Tech Intel Uses Chips Acquired in Deal With Startup to Drive Deep Learning Chip maker to rely on technology developed by Nervana Systems, which it purchased earlier this year By Don Clark Don Clark The Wall Street Journal CANCEL BiographyDon Clark @donal888 www.facebook.com/DonClark Don.Clark@wsj.com Updated Nov. 18, 2016 12:45 a.m. ET SAN FRANCISCO—Intel Corp. to intensify its efforts in a hot new computing market, is taking the unusual step of relying on technology developed by a startup it acquired. The chip maker, determined to counter rival Nvidia Corp.’s lead in the field known as deep learning, said it would begin shipping chips in 2017 that it acquired through its purchase earlier this year of startup Nervana Systems. Intel said it plans to integrate... To Read the Full Story, Subscribe or Sign In Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos Donald Trump and Mitt Romney Make Move to Reconcile 'Hamilton' Cast Delivers Message to Mike Pence 'League of Legends': Tencent's Game Gains Opinion Journal: Gen. Flynn’s Russia Connection Pope Francis Warns Against Polarization Most Popular Articles Reckoning With ‘The Big One’ in California—and It Just Got Bigger In Their Coastal Citadels, Democrats Argue Over What Went Wrong Pentagon, Intelligence Chiefs Push to Oust NSA Director Parity in Sight for the Euro Opinion: Steve Bannon on Politics as War Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
News and Press Release Distribution, Since 1995 Deliver Your News to the World Sign In Create a Free Account Home News How We Work Compare Services FAQ All WebPost WebPost PPC WebRelease Targeted Media Wire Service Intel Unveils Strategy for State-of-the-Art Artificial Intelligence Intel Offers Broad Portfolio Spanning Data Center to IoT Devices and Software to Make AI Foundational to Business and Society SAN FRANCISCO – WEBWIRE – Thursday, November 17, 2016 NEWS HIGHLIGHTS Intel announces AI strategy to drive breakthrough performance, democratize access and maximize societal benefits. Intel introduces industrys most comprehensive data center compute portfolio for AI: the new Intel® Nervana platform. Intel aims to deliver up to 100x reduction in the time to train a deep learning model over the next three years compared to GPU solutions. Intel reinforces commitment to an open AI ecosystem through an array of developer tools built for ease of use and cross-compatibility, laying the foundation for greater innovation. Intel Corporation today announced a range of new products, technologies and investments from the edge to the data center to help expand and accelerate the growth of artificial intelligence (AI). Intel sees AI transforming the way businesses operate and how people engage with the world. Intel is assembling the broadest set of technology options to drive AI capabilities in everything from smart factories and drones to sports, fraud detection and autonomous cars. At an industry gathering led by Intel CEO Brian Krzanich, Intel shared how both the promise and complexities of AI require an extensive set of leading technologies to choose from and an ecosystem that can scale beyond early adopters. As algorithms become complex and required data sets grow, Krzanich said Intel has the assets and know-how required to drive this computing transformation. In a blog Krzanich said: Intel is uniquely capable of enabling and accelerating the promise of AI. Intel is committed to AI and is making major investments in technology and developer resources to advance AI for business and society. Intels Robust AI Platform Intel announced plans to usher in the industrys most comprehensive portfolio for AI  the Intel® Nervana platform. Built for speed and ease of use, the Intel Nervana portfolio is the foundation for highly optimized AI solutions, enabling more data professionals to solve the worlds biggest challenges on industry standard technology. Today, Intel powers 97 percent of data center servers running AI workloads and offers the most flexible, yet performance-optimized, portfolio of solutions. This includes Intel® Xeon® processors and Intel® Xeon Phi processors to more workload-optimized accelerators, including FPGAs (field-programmable gate arrays) and the technology innovations acquired from Nervana. Press kit: Intel Artificial Intelligence: Unleashing the Next Wave Intel also provided details of where the breakthrough technology from Nervana will be integrated into the product roadmap. Intel will test first silicon (code-named Lake Crest) in the first half of 2017 and will make it available to key customers later in the year. In addition, Intel announced a new product (code-named Knights Crest) on the roadmap that tightly integrates best-in-class Intel Xeon processors with the technology from Nervana. Lake Crest is optimized specifically for neural networks to deliver the highest performance for deep learning and offers unprecedented compute density with a high-bandwidth interconnect. We expect the Intel Nervana platform to produce breakthrough performance and dramatic reductions in the time to train complex neural networks, said Diane Bryant, executive vice president and general manager of the Data Center Group at Intel. Before the end of the decade, Intel will deliver a 100-fold increase in performance that will turbocharge the pace of innovation in the emerging deep learning space. Bryant also announced that Intel expects the next generation of Intel Xeon Phi processors (code-named Knights Mill) will deliver up to 4x better performance1 than the previous generation for deep learning and will be available in 2017. In addition, Intel announced it is shipping a preliminary version of the next generation of Intel Xeon processors (code-named Skylake) to select cloud service providers. With AVX-512, an integrated acceleration advancement, these Intel Xeon processors will significantly boost the performance of inference for machine learning workloads. Additional capabilities and configurations will be available when the platform family launches in mid-2017 to meet the full breadth of customer segments and requirements. Enabling AI Everywhere and Cloud Alliance with Google* Aside from silicon, Intel highlighted other AI assets, including Intel Saffron Technology, a leading solution for customers looking for business insights. The Saffron Technology platform leverages memory-based reasoning techniques and transparent analysis of heterogeneous data. This technology is also particularly well-suited to small devices, making intelligent local analytics possible across IoT and helping advance state-of the-art collaborative AI. To simplify deployment everywhere, Intel also delivers common, intelligent APIs that extend across Intels distributed portfolio of processors from edge to cloud, as well as embedded technologies such as Intel® RealSense cameras and Movidius* vision processing units (VPUs). Intel and Google announced a strategic alliance to help enterprise IT deliver an open, flexible and secure multi-cloud infrastructure for their businesses. The collaboration includes technology integrations focused on Kubernetes* (containers), machine learning, security and IoT. To further AI research and strategy, Intel announced the formation of the Intel Nervana AI board, which will feature leading industry and academic thought leaders. Intel announced four founding members: Yoshua Bengio (University of Montreal), Bruno Olshausen (UC Berkeley), Jan Rabaey (UC Berkeley) and Ron Dror (Stanford University). Additionally, Intel is working to make AI truly accessible. To help accomplish this, Intel has introduced the Intel Nervana AI Academy for broad developer access to training and tools. Intel also introduced the Intel Nervana Graph Compiler to accelerate deep learning frameworks on Intel silicon. In conjunction with the AI Academy, Intel announced a partnership with global leading education provider Coursera* to provide a series of AI online courses to the academic community. Intel also launched a Kaggle Competition (coming in January) jointly with Mobile ODT* where the academic community can put their AI skills to the test to solve real-world socioeconomic problems, such as early detection for cervical cancer in developing countries through the use of AI for soft tissue imaging. Intel can offer crucial technologies to drive the AI revolution, but ultimately we must work together as an industry  and as a society  to achieve the ultimate potential of AI, said Doug Fisher, senior vice president and general manager of the Software and Services Group at Intel. With the addition of the new edge and data center products, as well as the enablement programs, Intel has the full complement of technologies and ecosystem reach required to deliver the scale and promise of AI for everyone. AI for the Betterment of Society Lastly, Intel showcased some of the initiatives the company is investing in and partnering with to help maximize the positive impact of AI on the world. They include: Intel is committing $25 million to the Broad Institute* to drive high-performance computing for genomics analytics. Through a five-year collaboration, researchers and software engineers at the Intel-Broad Center for Genomic Data Engineering will build, optimize and widely share new tools and infrastructure that will help scientists integrate and process genomic data. The project aims to optimize best practices in hardware and software for genome analytics to make it possible to access and use research data sets that reside on private, public and hybrid clouds. Intel is a founding partner of Hack Harassment*, a cooperative effort with the mission of reducing the prevalence and severity of online harassment. The initiative is evaluating AI technology as a tool in this effort and is working to develop an intelligent algorithm to detect and deter online harassment. Over time, this capability will be released as an open source API that can be used in a variety of applications. Intel is also a key partner of the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children* (NCMEC), a nonprofit whose mission is to help find missing children, reduce child sexual exploitation and prevent child victimization. Intel is providing AI technology and advising the center with the goal of accelerating the critical work of NCMECs analysts to respond to reports of child sexual exploitation. For more complete information about performance and benchmark results, visit www.intel.com/benchmarks. Intel, the Intel logo, Intel Xeon Phi, Xeon and Intel RealSense are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the United States and other countries. *Other names and brands may be claimed as the property of others. About Intel Intel (NASDAQ: INTC) expands the boundaries of technology to make the most amazing experiences possible. Information about Intel can be found at newsroom.intel.com and intel.com. Intel and the Intel logo are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the United States and other countries. *Other names and brands may be claimed as the property of others.   ( Press Release Image: http://photos.webwire.com/prmedia/2/206312/206312-1.png ) Related Links Source WebWireID206312 This news content was configured by WebWire editorial staff. Linking is permitted. News Release Distribution and Press Release Distribution Services Provided by WebWire. Tools Printer-friendly version Email this Release Email Form Your Name Your Email Your Recipient's Name Your Recipient's Email Comments Verification Code: Please type in this box the code you see above: Send Bookmark this Release Show all del.icio.us Yahoo! Google Live Ask BlinkList Diigo Slashdot Technorati Simpy Netvouz Mister Wong Share this Release Show All Reddit LinkedIn StumbleUpon Twitter Digg My Space Mixx Squidoo Newsvine Fark Blue Dot WebWire Related Industries Business Announcements Computer Networks Computer Software Electronic / Internet Commerce Internet Technology Distribute Your News Every day, hundreds of individuals and companies choose WebWire to distribute their news. WebWire places your news within numerous highly trafficked news search engines generating leads and publicity. Submit Your Release Now! WebWire® 1995 - 2016 About Us Terms of Service Privacy Statement
Welcome, Guest Log in | Register Home   Slideshows   Blogs   IT Downloads   Research Center   Newsletters   Sponsored Content IT Management   Data Center   Cloud   Careers   Mobility   Security   Enterprise Apps   Social Media   Big Data   Internet of Things Home      Blogs      Unfiltered Opinion      Is Data The New Oil? Related Content Topic :  Vulnerabilities and Patches  Weaknesses require a fix. Don't leave your system open to attack. Blog :  What Machine Learning Really Brings to the Enterprise Article :  Gain More Control of BYOD Apps with an Enterprise App Store Is Data the New Oil? Rob Enderle |   Unfiltered Opinion   |   Posted 17 Nov, 2016          |         |     Share Intel CEO Brian Krzanich recently made the controversial statement that data is the new oil. The implication is that data is trending and gaining in power. However, I’d argue that data has always had the potential to be more powerful than oil and that what is changing isn’t its value but our ability to make use of it. Regardless of how you approach this argument, Intel is in a good position to benefit from this change, but likely needs to play an even bigger role to assure its survival, and ours. Let’s chat about that this week because I don’t think we talk about the downside of data enough to prevent it. Oil vs. Data: The Differences Oil is a limited resource; it forms the basis for a lot of the doom and gloom predictions for the future, either causing global warming and killing off the race or becoming scarce, resulting in a Mad Max kind of wasteland where owning it is the difference between life and death. It is made up of the organic material of the creatures that came thousands of years before us and we probably should have left it buried and considered other forms of energy from the start as it currently forms a rather impressive economic barrier between us and any cleaner, renewable, alternative because it is cheap. Oil has value even if it isn’t refined, but refining increases its energy yield and, potentially, reduces the environmental damage it does. We have always had more data than we could reasonably make use of and, alone, it is virtually worthless. It is only when it is refined through analysis that it becomes valuable. Then, depending on the outcome, it can become a great asset or a massive liability. On the asset side, it can be used as a tool to lengthen lives, increase happiness, and assure the proliferation of the race. On the liability side, it can be used to start wars, develop weapons of mass destruction, and perhaps eventually lead to the destruction of the planet. The recent U.S. election wasn’t decided on votes but on the data that the votes represent, and there remains a relatively high probability that some percentage of that data was false due largely to the poor security surrounding the voting process and state-level attacks. Data vs. Oil: The Similarities Neither data nor oil is inherently good or bad. They just are. Their evolution into something that does harm or good mostly has to do with what we do with them. As a lubricant or even the source of heat, as it existed before the industrial revolution, oil largely had no downside. It wasn’t until oil was shifted to mass use for industrial power and shortages started wars that it became more of a problem than an asset. Data initially was mostly used formally to track accounts and commerce. Yes, it was also used for intelligence, but largely so one army or firm could outperform another, and mostly focused on things that could be quantified because counting was easy. As with oil, whether it is used for harm or good has to do with what we do with it. For instance, the data on WMDs out of Iraq could have been used to prevent a war and the destabilization of the Middle East, but it was misused and it helped cause a war expensive in lives, money and influence. Of the two, data has been and will always be the more powerful because it is a greater force multiplier. Yes, refined oil powers most of the major weapons manufacturing and delivery systems in the world, but data tells us where to place them, and wars have always been won or lost more by placement than by quantity of weapons. In the recent U.S. presidential election, Hillary Clinton was massively better provisioned than Donald Trump, yet his better placement in the last 10 days resulted in an upset win, showcasing the power of data that I think most still don’t get. Sadly, we often focus more on the amount of data rather than the accuracy of it, and I still don’t think that bodes well for our future. Wrapping Up: Intel’s Role with Data Intel is the leading core technology company behind analysis, basically data refining; its products are at the heart of turning data into the information that has and will change the world. But like a weapons dealer, it currently doesn’t have much say over how the information is used. Data acquisition, bias, or pre- or post- data corruption are all things outside of Intel’s control at the moment. Yet these are the elements that will likely define whether we mostly benefit or are mostly harmed by this next industrial revolution. Andy Grove was a big believer in assuring a positive outcome and after he left Intel worked tirelessly to try to convince politicians to do the right thing. Sadly, and generally, he failed, but I wonder whether tech firms like Intel will take up his sword and shield to continue his battle. Krzanich may, as he has shown an interest in the bigger picture. Intel is at the heart of the artificial intelligence (AI) revolution; it could be instrumental in assuring that we survive and flourish as a result of it, rather than get squished by it. Let’s hope this firm, and its peers, take the right path. In the end, data isn’t the new oil. It has always been, and always will be, vastly more powerful. However, even more than oil, the quality of our lives may depend on what we do with it. Rob Enderle is President and Principal Analyst of the Enderle Group, a forward-looking emerging technology advisory firm.  With over 30 years’ experience in emerging technologies, he has provided regional and global companies with guidance in how to better target customer needs; create new business opportunities; anticipate technology changes; select vendors and products; and present their products in the best possible light. Rob covers the technology industry broadly. Before founding the Enderle Group, Rob was the Senior Research Fellow for Forrester Research and the Giga Information Group, and held senior positions at IBM and ROLM. Follow Rob on Twitter @enderle, on Facebook and on Google+          |         |     Share Add Comment      Leave a comment on this blog post Please enable Javascript in your browser, before you post the comment! Now Javascript is disabled. Post a comment  Your name/nickname  Your email  WebSite  Subject (Maximum characters: 1200). You have 1200 characters left.     Subscribe to our Newsletters Sign up now and get the best business technology insights direct to your inbox. SUBSCRIBE   Property of Quinstreet Enterprise. Sitemap | Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | About Us | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright © 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2014 Quinstreet Inc. All right reserved.
Howdy, Guest.    Become a subscriber ▶ Subscriber log in: Username or Email Password SemiAccurate On Target Technology News Search for: Hot Article Microsoft’s problems: Another data point Hot Article Microsoft has failed Forums About Us Terms of Service Subscribe Feed Intel outs lots of AI focused bits at AI day Hardware, software, directions, and integration Nov 17, 2016 by Charlie Demerjian Tweet Intel held their AI day today and SemiAccurate has a few details about their presentation. Since we weren’t at the show, we asked about the tech side of the presentations and got a few key bits. The big news is of course that Intel now sees themselves as an AI focused company, something we covered in detail a few days ago. The short version is that Intel has been in AI for a long time, the upcoming products are quite real and have true features useful for AI. The only difference is that Intel now talks about their prowess in the field, it isn’t a shallow PR ploy like at some companies. But what are they doing? One of the new announcements from supercomputing is that the CPU after Knights Landing is called Knights Hill and it is AI focused. While no one at Intel would say exactly what that means from an architecture and an ISA standpoint, we did manage to glean a few bits about the effort. They all point to native support for 16-bit instructions and data sizes with a strong possibility for direct 8-bit support too. AMD has 16-bit support in it;s new GPUs too so AI looks to be an industry-wide trend. More importantly Intel is finally starting to talk about their Nervana Systems acquisition and it’s hardware. Actually they are not talking about the hardware other than the code name Lake Crest, just that it is shipping in the first half of 2017. The real question for Intel is not the hardware itself or its immediate predecessors, those are just about fully baked now. What they need to know is what to do with it and how do they go about getting there. This isn’t an open-ended question nor is it rhetorical, Intel is about selling product and the Nervana chips are soon going to be an Intel product. Will they be a socketed chip on their own? A Xeon co-processor like Phi? An MCM like Omnipath adapters or Altera FPGAs? Do bear in mind that these are not just packaging decisions, they are key to, and based on how the product is used. Does the chip need high bandwidth, low latency, both or neither? That may be known at the moment but there is a second order problem here, AI software and algorithms. The most used software packages in the space are both brand new bleeding edge technology and likely to be outdated in a few months. Things are moving so fast that what is hot now is old hat after the next industry conference. Worse yet the algorithms of today could possibly be completely different in their needs from the hardware. Today’s theoretical high bandwidth, latency insensitive software package could be replaced by a low bandwidth, highly latency sensitive one next week, the space is moving that fast. Going back to Intel, they likely have an idea of how the Nervana hardware will initially be productized. How the customers use that hardware is an ever-changing world of cat herding and there might not be a single or even small number of answers to what these people want. This is where Intel is doing the smart thing, the Nervana hardware will in initially be sent to those who need it, the big AI players and researchers really, to get feedback. This feedback will be rolled into the product decisions of the near future to determine how the parts should be tied together for maximum usefulness. The iterations will continue until the field of AI settles down, if it ever does. Initially Lake Crest will be similar to the Skylake + Altera SKUs, IE tightly coupled on the same package with a Xeon. This combo will be called Knights Crest, and unfortunate and confusing name that ties it to the Phi/Larrabee family to which it shares nothing. An Intel hardware or market focused talk would not be the same without claims of performance increases, and this time will be no different. Knights Mill performance will be going up by a multiple, 4x to be precise, Knights Landing. More impressive is Intel’s claim that they will be improving AI performance on their products by 100x over the next several years. This is obviously from a combination of hardware and software but looking at Knights *, Nervana, and Altera products tightly integrated with Xeons,, it is a very plausible goal. Speaking of software, Intel looks to be following AMD’s lead in opening up the stack. Intel has always been the leader in open hardware specs, their documentation is the gold standard. This had directly lead to innovation on the software side on top of their hardware stack. Today Intel is said to be opening up more of the tools and software stack to achieve the same goals. If you look at the state of AI research, it is almost entirely Linux based for the basic reason of openness, you can’t do the low level development needed on closed hardware and software. Intel opening up more of the software stack is the right thing to do for the right reasons, it will boost AI development significantly. Since Intel is and AI focused company now, the impression I get is that they too get it.S|A The following two tabs change content below. Bio Latest Posts Charlie Demerjian Roving engine of chaos and snide remarks at SemiAccurate Charlie Demerjian is the founder of Stone Arch Networking Services and SemiAccurate.com. SemiAccurate.com is a technology news site; addressing hardware design, software selection, customization, securing and maintenance, with over one million views per month. He is a technologist and analyst specializing in semiconductors, system and network architecture. As head writer of SemiAccurate.com, he regularly advises writers, analysts, and industry executives on technical matters and long lead industry trends. Charlie is also a council member with Gerson Lehman Group. FullyAccurate Latest posts by Charlie Demerjian (see all) Intel outs lots of AI focused bits at AI day - Nov 17, 2016 Qualcomm unveils the first 10nm phone SoC, Snapdragon 835 - Nov 17, 2016 Intel preferentially offers two customers Skylake Xeon CPUs - Nov 17, 2016 Intel outs a bunch of goodies for Supercomputing 16 - Nov 15, 2016 AMD up ROCm from Botlzmann to v1.3 - Nov 14, 2016 Share this: Email LinkedIn Reddit Twitter Google Tags: AI, AI day, Intel, Knights Crest, Knights Mill, Lake Crest, Nervana, Phi, SemiAccurate, software, Xeon Monthly Archives November 2016  (12) October 2016  (18) September 2016  (17) August 2016  (18) July 2016  (13) June 2016  (16) May 2016  (19) April 2016  (14) March 2016  (10) February 2016  (19) January 2016  (26) December 2015  (5) November 2015  (22) October 2015  (15) September 2015  (12) August 2015  (11) July 2015  (11) June 2015  (25) May 2015  (17) April 2015  (16) March 2015  (16) February 2015  (12) January 2015  (23) December 2014  (20) November 2014  (14) October 2014  (25) September 2014  (32) August 2014  (14) July 2014  (18) June 2014  (31) May 2014  (35) April 2014  (34) March 2014  (34) February 2014  (24) January 2014  (37) December 2013  (19) November 2013  (28) October 2013  (26) September 2013  (25) August 2013  (20) July 2013  (27) June 2013  (30) May 2013  (34) April 2013  (29) March 2013  (32) February 2013  (38) January 2013  (37) December 2012  (29) November 2012  (30) October 2012  (30) September 2012  (44) August 2012  (27) July 2012  (27) June 2012  (37) May 2012  (30) April 2012  (39) March 2012  (36) February 2012  (34) January 2012  (35) December 2011  (32) November 2011  (44) October 2011  (45) September 2011  (52) August 2011  (41) July 2011  (32) June 2011  (60) May 2011  (53) April 2011  (45) March 2011  (78) February 2011  (62) January 2011  (85) December 2010  (57) November 2010  (63) October 2010  (56) September 2010  (74) August 2010  (69) July 2010  (69) June 2010  (86) May 2010  (51) April 2010  (50) March 2010  (70) February 2010  (55) January 2010  (64) December 2009  (46) November 2009  (20) October 2009  (15) September 2009  (32) August 2009  (27) July 2009  (35) June 2009  (66) May 2009  (2) Category Archive Microprocessors Desktop Mobile Graphics Opinion Finance Software Memory Servers analysis Storage Networking Reviews Back in time ▶ Qualcomm unveils the first 10nm phone SoC, Snapdragon 835 Our Writers Charlie Demerjian is the founder of Stone Arch Networking Services and SemiAccurate.com. SemiAccurate.com is a technology news site; addressing hardware design, software selection, customization, securing and maintenance, with over one million views per month. He is a technologist and analyst specializing in semiconductors, system and network architecture. As head writer of SemiAccurate.com, he regularly advises writers, analysts, and industry executives on technical matters and long lead industry trends. Charlie is also a council member with Gerson Lehman Group. FullyAccurate Thomas Ryan is based in Seattle, Washington. Thomas first began to appreciate the wonders of the semiconductor industry while doing research on his previous favorite hobby, PC gaming. Having co- purchased his first computer at the ripe old age of 11, with $150 and the help of Craigslist he's been buying and building computers ever since. Thank you, Subscribers! Thank you to our Subscribers, past and present. You are appreciated. You are what keeps SemiAccurate going, what allows us to maintain our journalism, what keeps us ad-free, what allows us to tell it like it is, it is still just you. You, the reader and subscriber, we thank you. If you want to know more about subscriptions, both free and paid, the information can be found here. Tick Tock AMD 8.71    +0.25 INTC 34.95    -0.07 MSFT 60.35    -0.29 NVDA 93.36    +0.97 QCOM 67.31    +0.64 TSM 29.47    +0.00 IBM 160.39    +0.59 RHT 79.03    -0.79 ARMH N/A    +0.00 AAPL 110.06    +0.112016-11-18 16:00 Related Articles Intel talks a bit more about Omnipath ‘tech’ Intel outs a bunch of goodies for Supercomputing 16 What comes after Knights Landing? Intel talks about Scalable System Framework Intel launches Knights Landing Phi and other goodies Forums About Us Terms of Service Subscribe Feed SemiAccurate is a division of Stone Arch Networking Services, Inc. Copyright © 2016 Stone Arch Networking Services, Inc, all rights reserved. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Trending: Video: Our holiday gift guide 2016 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Video: New MacBook Pro show-and-tell Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. 7 reasons cloud migrations fail (free online course) What IT admins love/hate about 8 top network monitoring tools SharePoint 2013 cheat sheet IT users review 6 software test management tools More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Gamification Home Tech Location-Based Services Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) Business Process Management (BPM) CRM Collaboration Content/Document Management Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software Integration Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Emerging Technology Artificial Intelligence News Intel chases A.I. with new chips, but still lacks a potent GPU A bunch of Intel deep-learning chips will be coming next year By Agam Shah | Follow U.S. Correspondent, IDG News Service | Nov 17, 2016 1:01 PM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Intel More like this Intel's Knights Mill mega-chip to take on GPUs in A.I. Lack of a high-quality GPU may hold Intel back on A.I. and VR Intel snags Nervana for a crash course on deep learning Video Mingis on Tech: From superfast SSDs to Bluetooth locks and solar shingles Intel is taking a new direction in chip development as it looks to the future of artificial intelligence, with the company betting the technology will pervade applications and web services. Intel on Thursday said it is developing new chips that will handle A.I. workloads, which will increasingly be a part of its chip future. For now, the A.I. chips will be released as specialized primary chips or co-processors in computers and separate from the major product lines. But over time, Intel could adapt and integrate the A.I. features into its mainstream server, IoT, and perhaps even PC chips. The A.I. features could be useful in servers, drones, robots and autonomous cars. Intel is aggressively chasing these sectors as it tries to diversify outside the weakening PC market. A.I. computing is dominated by GPUs from Nvidia and custom chips from companies like Google. Intel's plan is to offer a wide range of alternate non-GPU chips for deep learning in a bid to accelerate its entry to A.I. Intel lost an opportunity in the mobile market because it was a late entrant, and it doesn't want to repeat that mistake in A.I. Intel lacks a potent GPU to chase A.I. but hopes the alternative chips will fill the gap. The company believes it does not need a GPU and doesn't want to put all its eggs in one basket, like Nvidia has.  Intel is developing a monster A.I. chip, code-named Knights Mill, that's targeted at deep learning, and it will be part of the Xeon Phi chip family. The company has shared few details about the chip, but it will be four times faster in deep-learning tasks than the current Xeon Phi chip, code-named Knights Landing, said Jason Waxman, corporate vice president in the Data Center Group at Intel. Knights Mill will ship next year, and the timing provides a snapshot of how urgently Intel is trying to speed up its entry into the A.I. space. There was a four-year gap between the release of its two previous Xeon Phi processors. Knights Mill will have several unique features compared to other chips Intel has developed. Unlike Intel's high-performance chips that focus on precise calculations, Knights Mill will string together a series of speedy, low-level floating-point calculations to reach conclusions. Those conclusions get to the essence of deep learning -- some conclusions like the identification of an image may not always be precise. But as the computer deep-learning model grows stronger, the conclusions will be more accurate. In the first half of next year, Intel will also release the first deep-learning hardware from its recent acquisition of Nervana Systems. That chip will be targeted mostly toward training -- creating computer models for deep learning. It could also be used for inferencing, which enhances deep-learning models through additional input. The Nervana chip will be mainly targeted toward servers. Intel will initially release it as a card that can be plugged into a standard PCI-Express port. But over time, the hardware will be integrated closer to the processor, said Naveen Rao, vice president and general manager of artificial intelligence solutions at Intel and the founder of Nervana Systems. The two new chips will add up to a stash of A.I. chips already in Intel's arsenal. Intel recently acquired Movidius, maker of computer vision chips used in Google Glass. The Movidius chips could be used in wearables, drones and robots for object recognition and depth measurement. Intel also sells FPGAs (field programmable gate arrays), which are circuits that can reprogrammed to do specific tasks. Intel wants to put FPGAs in servers, autonomous cars, robots and drones. Intel next year will ship the Deep Learning Inference Accelerator, an FPGA that competes with inferencing chips like Google’s Tensor Processing Unit. Intel's urgency is sparked by a surge of interest in A.I., a technology still in its infancy. Digital information is being fed from sensors, and A.I. is an emerging technique to make sense of that data. Large companies like Google, Facebook and Amazon are deploying software and hardware that can try to make sense of the large amounts of information. One A.I. example is Microsoft's Cortana, which applies algorithms and FPGAs to recognize speech. The effectiveness of these systems is heavily defined by the software stack used to sandbox deep-learning models. The software stack acquired from Nervana will serve as Intel's parallel programming framework for deep learning. The open-source framework will compete with popular options like Caffe, Torch, Google's TensorFlow, and Microsoft's CNTK (Cognitive Toolkit). But will all these A.I. chips cause confusion for customers? The more the better, Waxman said; Intel wants to provide customers with a wide range of alternatives. Some chips are better at specific tasks. For example, FPGAs are better at single-inferencing tasks like recognizing cats or dogs in images, Waxman said. It's important that Intel move quickly to get a piece of the A.I. market, said Jim McGregor, the principal analyst at Tirias Research. By throwing many A.I. chips into the market, Intel wants to see which one will stick, he said. "It's good Intel's getting out there with multiple solutions. But Intel doesn't have any advantage over anyone else," McGregor said. But there are risks. Intel bought Nervana Systems for its software stack, and any attempt to lock customers to those tools won't be accepted by the industry, McGregor said. Nervana's tools are open source but are designed for Intel's chips, but competing frameworks like Caffe are gaining in popularity. "It's a questionable strategy. Intel's done this for the past decade, and they tried to push everyone down their path," McGregor said. But deep learning is in its infancy. It will take time to perfect computational techniques for deep learning, and new types of hardware like quantum computers and brain-mimicking chips could alter the landscape. "We're still learning how to learn," McGregor said. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Artificial Intelligence Computer Processors Computer Hardware Enterprise Applications 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Shop Tech Products at Amazon You Might Like Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like China builds world’s fastest supercomputer without U.S. chips China's Sunway TaihuLight theoretical peak performance is 124.5 petaflops. Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis This sortable chart lets you compare dozens of tools for functionality, skill level and more. Windows 10 Anniversary Update: A guide to the builds The Windows 10 Anniversary Update is due this summer -- but if you don’t want to wait, you can install... Popular Resources White Paper Accelerating Retail Activity White Paper Is Virtual Guarding the Future of Security? White Paper Leveraging Video Technology Beyond Loss Prevention in Retail White Paper Online Commerce: Plotting a Course to Personalization Case Study Sponsored Retail Execution Case Study: Carlsberg Go Top Stories Michael Flynn, Trump's NSA pick, is a cybersecurity hawk Michael Flynn, the man President-elect Donald Trump plans to name as U.S. national security advisor,... How lifelogging will become easy and automatic Before, only academic supergeeks tracked and recorded everything to achieve a photographic memory. But... Tech skills earning the highest cash premiums -- no certification required Some employers pay cash premiums to their tech professionals for specific hot skills and... The state of solar power looks bright in 2017 (+video) While solar and other forms of renewable energy still amount to a small percentage of all power... Sponsored Links INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 1994 - 2016 Computerworld, Inc. All rights reserved. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Answers IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Search for: About DCK Data Center World Subscribe Events Training Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content Companies White Papers Regions Infrastructure Design Power Cooling Green Modular Data Centers DCIM InfoCenter Servers Downtime Networking Sectors Cloud Computing Big Data Bitcoin Executive Government Supercomputing / HPC Managed Hosting Colocation Storage DCIM InfoCenter Webcasts Industry Perspectives Data Center Knowledge Top Trending Articles Previous Article LinkedIn's Award-Winning Hillsboro Data Center Goes Live Next Article Apple Chip Choices May Leave Some IPhone Users in Slow Lane Intel Deep Learning Inference Accelerator (DLIA) [Courtesy Intel] Intel Intel Sets FPGA Goal: Two Orders of Magnitude Faster than GPGPU by 2020 by Scott Fulton III  on November 17, 2016 Add Your Comments Tweet Intel used to be capable of delivering process miniaturization and configuration improvements in a predictable, “tick-tock” cadence.  That was before the laws of physics stomped on the company’s best laid plans for miniaturization.  So in a special event Thursday in San Francisco, Intel formally unveiled the hardware it expects will take over from CPUs, in the job of scaling the next big obstacle in performance improvement, including a PCI Express-based FPGA accelerator exclusively for deep learning applications, and a customized derivative of its “Knights Landing”-edition Xeon Phi processors. “I know that today AI has definitely become overhyped,” admitted Barry Davis, Intel’s general manager for its Accelerated Workload Group, in a press briefing prior to the event.  “But the reality is that it’s a rapidly growing workload — whether we’re talking about the enterprise, the cloud, everyone is figuring out how to take advantage of AI.” At least, that’s Intel’s best hope, as the company shoves all its chips into the center of the table, betting on hardware-driven acceleration to carry on the company’s founding tradition. What’s being called the Deep Learning Inference Accelerator (DLIA), puts to work the Arria 10 FPGA design that Intel acquired last year in its purchase of Altera.  DLIA is available for select customer testing today, subject to Intel approval, though the accelerator card will be generally available in mid-2017. In a statement released Thursday, Intel Executive Vice President and Data Center Group General Manager Diane Bryant boasted, “Before the end of the decade, Intel will deliver a 100-fold increase in performance that will turbocharge the pace of innovation in the emerging deep learning space.” That statement came with the requisite footnote under “performance,” reminding readers that such displays of performance will be registered on the company’s benchmarks of choice (including SYSmark), and not necessarily in everyday practice. As originally conceived, Arria 10 would be put to work in reconfigurable communications equipment such as wireless routers, transceiver towers, and live HDTV video camera gear.  But Intel is leveraging it now as a caretaker for a convolutional neural network (CNN, albeit without James Earl Jones). Think of a CNN as a way that an algorithm can “squint” at an image, reducing its resolution selectively, and determining whether the result faintly resembles something it’s been trained to see beforehand. As Facebook research scientist Yangqing Jia, Caffe’s principal contributor, writes, “While the conventional definition of convolution in computer vision is usually just a single channel image convolved with a single filter (which is, actually, what Intel IPP’s [Integrated Performance Primitives] convolution means), in deep networks we often perform convolution with multiple input channels (the word is usually interchangeable with ‘depth’) and multiple output channels.” If you imagine a digital image as a product of several projections “multiplied” together, you see what Jia is getting at: an emerging picture of something an algorithm is training a system to recognize. Intel intends to position DLIA towards customers interested in tackling the big, emerging AI jobs: image recognition and fraud detection. “FPGAs are very useful for artificial intelligence,” Intel’s Davis told reporters.  “They’ve been used quite extensively for inference or scoring, to augment the Xeon CPU.  Today, 97 percent of scoring or inference is actually run on Intel Xeon processors.  But sometimes people do need a bit more.” Those people, specifically, are customers who are well aware of the purposes they have in mind, and are familiar with the algorithms they intend to use for those purposes, said Davis.  It was a surprising statement, given that the DLIA project has been described as geared toward an entry-level product for a broader range of AI users. Intel has already produced its own fork of the Caffe deep learning framework, and Davis said DLIA will be geared to accelerate that library. To be released at or about the same time as DLIA is a derivative of the “Knights Landing” generation of Intel’s Xeon Phi processors — its original effort to supplement CPU power.  Back in August, at the Intel Developer Forum, Diane Bryant spilled the beans on “Knights Mill,” a variant on the existing generation that’s optimized for AI workloads.  Specifically, the variant will focus on improving performance for mixed-precision operations, which may be critical when pairing high-precision AI algorithms for precision against low-precision algorithms for speed. At AI Day on Thursday, Intel promised a 4x performance boost for Knights Mill versus the previous generation of Xeon Phi (which would be “Knights Corner”), for deep learning workloads.  The company also plans to imbue the next generation of its mainline Xeon CPUs with its Advanced Vector Instruction set, potentially boosting the product line’s performance with floating-point operations run in parallel.ou Previous Article LinkedIn's Award-Winning Hillsboro Data Center Goes Live Next Article Apple Chip Choices May Leave Some IPhone Users in Slow Lane Tweet Get Daily Email News from DCK!Subscribe now and get our special report, "The World's Most Unique Data Centers." Email* Country* Please select United States United Kingdom Canada India Netherlands Australia South Africa France Germany Singapore Sweden Brazil -------------- Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil Brit/Indian Ocean Terr. Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Dem. Republic Of Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Terr. Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar United Kingdom Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard/McDonald Isls. Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea (North) Korea (South) Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar N. Mariana Isls. Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Samoa San Marino Sao Tome/Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia and Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovak Republic Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka St. Helena St. Pierre and Miquelon St. Vincent and Grenadines Sudan Suriname Svalbard/Jan Mayen Isls. Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks/Caicos Isls. Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United States US Minor Outlying Is. Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands (British) Virgin Islands (U.S.) Wallis/Futuna Isls. Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Enter your email to receive messages about offerings by Penton, its brands, affiliates and/or third-party partners, consistent with Penton's Privacy Policy. About the Author Scott Fulton III (73 Posts) Related Stories Blades Intel Building Next-Gen Xeon Phi for Artificial Intelligence by Yevgeniy Sverdlik on August 17, 2016 Knights Mill will be a general-purpose chip that will support machine learning and other workloads Read More Government DoE Taps Intel, Cray for What May Become 2018’s Fastest Supercomputer by John Rath on April 15, 2015 System using latest-generation Xeon Phi chips, silicon photonics, and other latest Cray and Intel HPC innovations promises to deliver 180 petaflops Read More HPC Intel Flashes 10nm Nexg-Gen Xeon Phi at Year’s Big Supercomputing Show by John Rath on November 19, 2014 Supercomputer chips will use Omni-Path interconnect technology, Intel claims is faster than InfiniBand Read More HPC Intel’s Next-Gen Xeon Phi (Knights Landing) to Use Silicon Photonics by John Rath on June 24, 2014 With new interconnect and high-bandwidth memory technology, Intel claims this will be the first serious step toward exascale Read More HPC Intel Advances Technical Computing With New Xeon Phi Products by John Rath on June 17, 2013 Intel continued to fuel its growth in technical computing Monday, with big announcements of new Xeon Phi products, and that its E5-2600 v2 processor product family and Phi coprocessors have helped catapult China's Tianhe-2 into the new number one position in the world for supercomputers. Read More Add Your Comments Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (required) (will not be published) Website Get Daily Email News from DCK! Email* Country* Please select United States United Kingdom Canada India Netherlands Australia South Africa France Germany Singapore Sweden Brazil -------------- Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil Brit/Indian Ocean Terr. Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Dem. Republic Of Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Terr. Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar United Kingdom Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard/McDonald Isls. Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea (North) Korea (South) Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar N. Mariana Isls. Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Samoa San Marino Sao Tome/Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia and Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovak Republic Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka St. Helena St. Pierre and Miquelon St. Vincent and Grenadines Sudan Suriname Svalbard/Jan Mayen Isls. Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks/Caicos Isls. Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United States US Minor Outlying Is. Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands (British) Virgin Islands (U.S.) Wallis/Futuna Isls. Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Enter your email to receive messages about offerings by Penton, its brands, affiliates and/or third-party partners, consistent with Penton's Privacy Policy. Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google Plus RSS Feeds Featured Cloud Articles Cold Storage in the Cloud: Comparing AWS, Google, Microsoft Top Cloud Providers Made $11B on IaaS in 2015, but It’s Only the Beginning Featured Cooling Articles Dell Designs Custom Liquid Cooling System for eBay Data Centers Yahoo Wants to Sell Its ‘Chicken Coop’ Data Center Designs Archived Articles Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 Inside DCK About Us Advertise Staff Contact Us Submit News Submit Guest Column Site Map Hot Topics DCIM News Downtime HPC / Supercomputing Facebook Apple Microsoft Google Northern Virginia New York Silicon Valley North Carolina News Channels White Papers Events Calendar Virtualization Consolidation Open Compute Internet of Things Storage Convergence Disaster Recovery Managed Hosting Content Delivery Site Selection Investing Stay Connected Daily Email Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Data Center Videos Humor Webinars Hosting and Cloud Web Hosting Talk HostingCon WHIR Hosting Catalog Hottest Hosts Data Center Data Center Knowledge Data Center World AFCOM Web Development Hot Scripts DB Forums Performance Marketing ABestWeb Consumer Tech Windows Secrets Overclockers Mac Forums Penton Privacy Policy Terms of Services Advertise Hosting By: LiquidWeb Powered by Penton Copyright © Penton Thank you Thank you for providing feedback. We receive a lot of feedback/requests so we cannot always respond immediately. We will do our best to respond to your feedback.
Rochester Business Journal Menu About the RBJ Staff Directory Contact Us Customer Service Submit News Advertise Daily Report Signup Print Edition – Free Trial RBJ Online Store Retail Locations Event Registration Full Site Site Map Sort. Merge. Mail. Prospect. Do it all with the new Book of Lists on CD. Click here. Vuzix shares fall after Intel ends partnership By KERRY FELTNER • November 17, 2016 Vuzix Corp. shares fell Thursday after the company said in a filing that Intel Corp. has stopped development of Internet-connected headsets with the firm, officials said. Shares of Vuzix stock (Nasdaq: VUZI) were trading Thursday afternoon at $7.22, down some 11 percent from Wednesday’s close of $8.20. The stock had dipped as low as $6.60 a share in early trading. On Nov. 10, Vuzix received a letter from Intel stating it had been evaluating its alternatives, the video eyewear firm based in Henrietta reported in filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Wednesday. “(Intel Corp.) no longer desires to pursue a strategic relationship with Vuzix,” the company said, citing Vuzix’s technology did not fit in Intel’s strategic plans. “First of all we have a great relationship with Intel,” said Paul Travers, founder, CEO and president of Vuzix, in an interview Thursday. “They invested upwards of $25 million in Vuzix—that’s helped us develop this amazing technology at a facility here in Rochester. Even now, even with this announcement between Intel and Vuzix, it had to do with a strategic collaboration agreement but nothing else between us. We’re still doing business together.” On Jan. 2, 2015, Intel invested nearly $25 million in Vuzix with the purchase of nearly 5 million shares of preferred stock in Vuzix. Intel, in the letter, added it wanted to work with the Vuzix to undertake an orderly disposition of Intel’s stock, that would minimize disruption in the markets. In the filing, Vuzix stated its collaboration with Intel has not generated material revenue for the local company. Intel expressed a commitment to work with Vuzix “to undertake an orderly disposition of Intel’s stock, subject to pricing and other conditions, that would minimize disruption in the markets,” according to the filing.  At this point, Intel has not made any final decisions regarding its Vuzix stock or the timing of a disposition, officials said. “We purchase their (Intel) silicon; they buy our products from us. It’s just the idea of us giving them access. It was a collaboration agreement that they were looking for. It had to do with the supply of waveguide technology to them and we couldn’t come to an agreement on what was reasonable there,” Travers said. “And after as much time as we were screwing around on it I think we both were getting tired of it (however) at Vuzix we have relationships with some of the biggest companies in the world besides Intel. Vuzix is an exciting company right here in Rochester.” Follow Kerry Feltner on Twitter: @KerryFeltner (c) 2016 Rochester Business Journal. To obtain permission to reprint this article, call 585-546-8303 or e-mail service@rbj.net. Receive a free six-week trial of the Rochester Business Journal print edition. Click here. Full Site | Contact Us | Daily Report Signup | Print Edition | Advertise ©2016 Rochester Business Journal. All rights reserved.
null
MENU Press Offices BCX ContinuitySA Eset Hitachi Data Systems Huawei MTN OutSystems Resolve SAP Tecno Tom Tom USAASA UNICAF Veeam Magazine Gallery Advertise Newsletter Submit News Contact MENU Home Africa’s Technology News Leader Top Stories The most important technology stories News Technology news categorized General General tech news Mobile and Telecoms Telecommunications Enterprise Cloud in Africa. Backup and Storage Backup and Storage news Big Data Big Data news Cloud Computing Cloud Computing news Internet of Things Enterprise Architecture news Hardware Hardware Software Software news IT Security The latest IT Security news Satellite Communications News about Satellite Communication Gadgets & Gaming Consumer Tech Startups Online & Social Internet, digital and social media news Events News Must attend Tech events Opinion According to the experts Features Taking an in-depth look PR Newswire Video Video interviews and features Industries Technology news by industry Education Mining and Energy Finance Healthcare Retail Regions IT news around Africa West Africa East Africa Southern Africa North Africa Companies Company news and Press Releases Company News Huawei HP Software Events Conferences and Seminars Seminar: Selling to the CIO, 15 & 16 Feb 2017 Education Innovation Summit | 29 March 2017 IoT Forum Africa | 31 May 2017 Healthcare Innovation Summit | 23 – 24 Aug 2017 Advertise Connect with our audience Dell Rose Gold with Intel 7th GEN processor now in SA November 17, 2016 • Hardware, Southern Africa, Top Stories Facebook0 Twitter0 LinkedIn0 Google+0 Pinterest0 Rose gold DELL XPS 13 with intel 7TH GEN processors now available in SA. Dell’s XPS 13 has undergone an exciting refresh and is now available to the South African channel from official distributor, Drive Control Corporation (DCC). The new XPS 13 (9360) comes in stunning rose gold and incorporates the new powerful 7th Generation Intel Core processors also known as Intel Kaby Lake The ultraportable XPS 13 remains the smallest 13-inch laptop with its virtually borderless InfinityEdge Display. Additionally, the laptop offers a larger 60 WHr (watthour) battery which provides up to 13 hours on QHD+ (Wide Quad Extended Graphics Array Plus) display. The XPS 13 is available in five configurations from DCC, all featuring Intel 7th Generation Core processors, Dell’s UltraSharp QHD + (3200 x 1800 resolution) InfinityEdge Touch display and Windows 10 Pro: Intel i5-7200U,8GB and 256GBSSD  Intel i7-7500U,16GB and 1TBSSD  Intel i7-7500U,16GB and 512GBSSD Intel i7-7500U,8GB and 256GBSSD  Intel i7-7500U,8GB and 256GBSSD – available in rose gold. Comments Heinrich Pretorius, Dell consumer product manager at DCC: “Just in time for the Festive Season, the XPS 13 is a stunner that ticks the boxes for exceptional quality, power and display. With the new rose gold option, Dell is met the channel’s demand for devices that offer an eye-catching form factor that go beyond the norm.” The Dell XPS 13 offers the following additional features: New Killer 1535 Wireless-AC technology for strong and reliable WiFi connection; Beautiful13.3-inch screen in an 11-inch frame; USB 3.0 ports and an SD card reader, as well as a headphone jack and USB Type-C port with Thunderbolt 3 support; 17 percent smaller than the comparable products, starting at 1.22kg and super slim 9-15mm; and Constructed with machined aluminium, carbon fibre and Corning Gorilla Glass for durability in a stunning rose gold or silver design. The Dell XPS 13 ships with three-year, next day hardware support. Staff Writer Dell XPS 13 « What Microsoft’s HoloLens means for the future of Augmented Reality South Africa: Vega offers a new degree course in gaming » Search Tags Africa Airtel apple BlackBerry Broadband cloud computing Egypt facebook Gadgets and Gaming Ghana Google Huawei ict ict news internet IT News IT News Africa IT Security kenya Microsoft Mobile Mobile and Telecoms MTN news Nigeria Nokia Opinion Safaricom samsung SAP Security Software South Africa tech news technology technology news Telecom telecom news telecoms Telkom Uganda vodacom west africa Zain zimbabwe News Alerts Sign up for our FREE News Alerts       Like us In the news Forex Rates Latest Headlines Airbnb launches new travel app November 18, 2016 Qantas app gives travellers virtual experience of Australia November 18, 2016 Samsung Gear Fit2 makes exercise fun November 18, 2016 How smart bots will simplify your life as a business owner November 18, 2016 Smart Cape Town: using technology to deliver value November 18, 2016 South Africa: Vega offers a new degree course in gaming November 17, 2016   UPCOMING EVENTS   Selling to the CIO | 15 & 16 February 2017, Jhb     Education Innovation Summit | 29 March 2017     IoT Forum Africa | 31 May 2017     Healthcare Innovation Summit | 23 - 24 August 2017 Company Press Offices Press Offices Alcatel Lucent Condyn ContinuitySA Eset Fujitsu Huawei Interactive Intelligence MCI MTN OutSystems Resolve SAP Tom TomUSAASA Veeam MOST POPULAR TWITTER Twitter Tweets by @ITNewsAfrica Photos on flickr SAP Africa announces new appointments November 10, 2016 Microsoft appoints new GM for WECA region November 9, 2016 Future-proof your business – or risk becoming irrelevant November 8, 2016 Bytes Managed Solutions appoints new Operations Executive October 28, 2016 Yahsat appoints Farhad Khan as new CCO October 26, 2016 Ugandan appointed DG of International Telecommunications Satellite Organization October 18, 2016 GetBucks snaps up former Barclays digital chief September 21, 2016 Deloitte Digital appoints new Digital Transformation Practice Leader September 19, 2016 GBI appoints two Vice Presidents – Sales August 30, 2016 Nikki Popoola joins WIOCC as Sales Director August 30, 2016 Newsletter Would you like to receive the latest African technology news and analysis delivered to your e-mail inbox every morning? Then simply subscribe to our free daily e-mail newsletter.   SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER   Useful Links > Send us news > Advertise on ITNewsAfrica.com > Advertise in African Innovator Magazine > Enquire about a Company Press Office > Careers Follow Conferences > Innovation Dinner Series > ICT Business Breakfast Series > Tech Demo Africa All conference enquiries: events[at]itnewsafrica.com African Innovator Magazine > Subscription > Where to buy © 2016 | IT News Africa – Africa's Technology News Leader Read previous post: What Microsoft’s HoloLens means for the future of Augmented Reality While the consumer tech world has been abuzz with excitement over Virtual Reality (VR) and its pioneers (Oculus Rift, for...Close
null

Latest News Dow 18,868 -35.89 -0.19% Nasdaq 5,322 -12.46 -0.23% S&P 500 2,182 -5.22 -0.24% 12:52 P.M. ET India Train Derailment Kills Dozens 12:05 P.M. ET Trump challenge: Get businesses to invest again 12:00 P.M. ET 5 big real-estate trends to watch in 2017 11:53 A.M. ET Updated Charlie Munger and Donald Trump agree in these 3 ways 11:50 A.M. ET Opinion Why Black Friday sales are not for the truly frugal 11:30 A.M. ET Updated Why the gap between minority and white college graduates is growing 10:55 A.M. ET Updated Will Santa Claus save the stock market’s ‘Trump rally’? 10:55 A.M. ET Updated This $4,000 robot could end your days of shoveling snow 9:54 A.M. ET Bannon: With negative interest rates around world, ‘rebuild everything’ 9:00 A.M. ET 5 big real-estate trends to watch in 2017 8:56 A.M. ET Tim Ryan to challenge Nancy Pelosi for House minority leader 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Here’s an Apple supplier whose stock may soar in 2017 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Warren Buffett loves four airline stocks, but Wall Street prefers this one 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Beleaguered bank and biotech stocks may soar as political ‘pendulum’ swings to growth 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Weekend roundup: The Trump effect by industry | Body implants to improve your senses | How to refuse holiday guests 7:46 A.M. ET Updated Bank stocks could record big gains in the months ahead if Donald Trump gets his way 5:00 A.M. ET 'League of Legends': Tencent's Game Gains 11/19 Updated How I became a cyborg and joined an underground medical movement 11/19 Updated ‘Fantastic Beasts’ will likely do more for Time Warner than bring in impressive box office 11/19 Updated Ross Stores’ ‘treasure hunt experience’ is its best weapon against Amazon Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Broad Institute Teams Up With Intel To Integrate Genomic Data From Diverse Sources And Enhance Genomic Data Analytic Capabilities By Published: Nov 17, 2016 3:50 p.m. ET Share FIVE-YEAR COLLABORATION TO HELP RESEARCHERS TAKE ADVANTAGE OF INCREASINGLY LARGE, COMPLEX, AND DISCONNECTED DATASETS CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Nov. 17, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- The Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard today announced a $25 million collaboration with Intel Corporation to scale researchers' ability to analyze massive amounts of genomic data from diverse sources worldwide. Through a five-year collaboration, researchers and software engineers at the new Intel-Broad Center for Genomic Data Engineering will build, optimize, and widely share new tools and infrastructure that will help scientists integrate and process genomic data. The project aims to optimize best practices in hardware and software for genome analytics to make it possible to combine and use research data sets that reside on private, public, and hybrid clouds. The project will enable researchers worldwide to run more data-intensive studies and generate robust results more quickly by accessing data that may have been unavailable to them before. "The size of genomic datasets doubles about every eight months and, as it does, the challenge of acquiring, processing, storing, and analyzing this information increases as well," said Eric Banks, director of the Data Sciences and Data Engineering group at the Broad Institute. "Working with Intel, we plan to build out solutions that can work across different infrastructures to facilitate efficient processing of these growing data sets, and then make these tools openly available for researchers worldwide. Our work is a step toward building something analogous to a superhighway to connect disparate databases of genomic information for the advancement of research and precision medicine." Building upon an existing collaboration, the new effort will apply Intel's data analytics and artificial intelligence prowess with Broad's expertise in genomic data generation, health research, and analysis tools toward the goal of building new resources that will promote biomedical discoveries, including those that advance precision medicine. Under the five-year agreement, the Intel-Broad Center for Genomic Data Engineering will focus on three goals: Overcome the challenge of diverse genomic datasets by optimizing Broad's Genome Analytics Toolkit (GATK) best practices hardware recommendations for genomic workloads for on-premise, public cloud, and hybrid cloud use cases.  Simplify and accelerate the execution of genome analytics by optimizing genomics software tools such as GATK, Cromwell, and GenomicsDB on industry standard Intel-based platforms. Empower users such as healthcare providers, pharmaceutical companies and academic research organizations to collaborate by partnering on workflow execution models across complex and distributed datasets. Achieving this goal will enable secure processing of data across organizations, which can stimulate research and discovery, drug discovery, clinical trial recruitment, and ultimately clinical decision-making across the entire research and discovery ecosystem. "Intel and Broad share the common vision of harnessing the power of genomic data and making it widely accessible for research around the world to yield important discoveries," said Diane Bryant, executive vice president and general manager of the Data Center Group for Intel Corporation. "We each bring to the collaboration our unique expertise and capabilities.  At Intel, through the use of artificial intelligence, we are confident we can solve the massive data challenges facing the industry." About the Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard was launched in 2004 to empower this generation of creative scientists to transform medicine. The Broad Institute seeks to describe all the molecular components of life and their connections; discover the molecular basis of major human diseases; develop effective new approaches to diagnostics and therapeutics; and disseminate discoveries, tools, methods, and data openly to the entire scientific community. Founded by MIT, Harvard, Harvard-affiliated hospitals, and the visionary Los Angeles philanthropists Eli and Edythe L. Broad, the Broad Institute includes faculty, professional staff, and students from throughout the MIT and Harvard biomedical research communities and beyond, with collaborations spanning over a hundred private and public institutions in more than 40 countries worldwide. For further information about the Broad Institute, go to http://www.broadinstitute.org. Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20140520/89735 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/broad-institute-teams-up-with-intel-to-integrate-genomic-data-from-diverse-sources-and-enhance-genomic-data-analytic-capabilities-300365440.html SOURCE Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard Copyright (C) 2016 PR Newswire. All rights reserved MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Guide Buyer anonymity, while desired, can be hard to come by View More Donald Trump Insight and analysis on a Donald Trump presidency View More Real Estate 7 fancy kitchens where holiday hosting dreams come true View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Intel Corporation, Mobileye May Be Star-Crossed Lovers, But Chowdhry Calls Veronian Tragedy Jayson Derrick , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} November 17, 2016 3:23pm   Comments Share: Related INTC 3 Stocks To Own Under President Trump Big Tech Is Leading The Stock Market Higher Today Marketplace Roundtable: Tech Trends For The Next 12 Months (Seeking Alpha) Related MBLY Mobileye Stock Weakness Unwarranted, Wells Fargo Says Buy The Stock Watch These 3 Huge Put Purchases In Friday Trade Marketplace Roundtable: Tech Trends For The Next 12 Months (Seeking Alpha) Intel Corporation (NASDAQ: INTC) struck a partnership with Mobileye NV (NYSE: MBLY) and BMW earlier this year. While some analysts are optimistic the agreement will yield success for all involved, Trip Chowdhry of Global Equities Research isn't among the optimistic crowd. No Dice In a research report on Thursday, Chowdhry noted that when Intel announced the partnership it was singularly putting a bet on Mobileye's cameras. The analyst added Intel has pivoted on the initiative and highlighted what the company's CEO Brian Krzanich said at the L.A. Autoshow. Specifically, Krzanich said between all the data points of a smart car including sensors, cameras, radars and sonars, each car could produce four terabytes of information each day. Chowdhry argued that the executive's comments indicate Intel has now realized Sensor Fusion "is the only way to get to autonomous driving." The problem is that Intel is 20 years behind the leader NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ: NVDA), Intel does not have a comparable library offering to Nvidia, 3) Intel, Mobileye, BMW have a combined fleet of just 50 cars, and 4) Intel has zero credibility among the Kaggle community. Compare This To Tesla Chowdhry continued that Intel's partnership is minuscule compared to Tesla Motors Inc (NASDAQ: TSLA)'s initiatives in autonomous driving. The analyst argued that Tesla has already accumulated 1.3 billion miles' worth of auto-pilot data and has more than 30,000 vehicles equipped with its Autopilot hardware 1.0 and soon every new vehicle will be equipped with the Autopilot hardware 2.0. "TSLA is the winner," the analyst concluded. "More miles + Sensor Fusion = better Machine Learning Training Models = Better prediction = level 4 autonomous driving." At Last Check Intel was up 0.29 percent at $34.94. Mobileye was up 3.59 percent at $38.92. NVIDIA was down 0.05 percent at $91.58. Tesla was up 2.36 percent at $188.25. Latest Ratings for INTC Date Firm Action From To Oct 2016 Charter Equity Upgrades Market Perform Buy Oct 2016 Deutsche Bank Maintains Buy Oct 2016 Nomura Maintains Buy View More Analyst Ratings for INTC View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: Autonomous Driving Brian Krzanich Global Equities ResearchAnalyst Color Analyst Ratings Movers Tech Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (INTC + MBLY) Mobileye Stock Weakness Unwarranted, Wells Fargo Says Buy The Stock Watch These 3 Huge Put Purchases In Friday Trade Technical Alert: MobilEye Erases Wednesday's Loss Mobileye Could Collapse By Next Spring, According To Trip Chowdhry Why Mobileye Bears Are Missing The Big Picture Technical Alert: Mobileye Lower Despite Q3 Beat View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on INTC Trending Recent 1 CETC, VRTV: 22 Stocks Moving In Friday's Pre-Market Session 2 Kevin O'Leary Was Fired On The First Day Of His First Job And He... 3 FL, HIBB: 10 Stocks To Watch For November 18, 2016 4 DRYS: There And Back Again: A DryShips Tale 5 VRX, AGN: Is Allergan Going After Valeant's Eye Surgery... 6 TNDM, DRYS: Tandem Diabetes Care May Be The Next Nov... 7 AMZN, GOOGL: RBC's Mark Mahaney Talks... 1 ADSK, CRM: Salesforce's Q3 Strength Has The Sell-Side Singing Its Praises 2 WMT: Wal-Mart Remains Barclays' Top Pick Despite Mixed Results 3 NUAN: Deutsche Bank's Likes And Dislikes From Nuance Communicatio... 4 CRM, TWTR: Salesforce Shakes Off Twitter M&A Anxiety With Strong Q3 5 USDA Cattle on Feed Report; Cattle on Feed Down 1 Percent 6 AAPL: Apple's Most Recent Ad Elevates The New MacBoo... 7 MSFT, CRM: Salesforce: Don't Call It A Comeback,... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Kevin O'Leary Was Fired On The First Day Of His First Job And He Couldn't Be More Grateful UBS Sees 9% Upside In Foot Locker Ahead Of Q3 Earnings

Black Friday Tech Apple Science Cars Celebrity Movies Holiday Gifts Cyber Monday     Disney And Intel Create Drone-Filled Christmas Show Posted: Nov 17 2016, 11:17am CST | by Noel Diem, in News | Technology News   Photo Credit: Getty Images   Every night this winter, Disney will send 300 drones into the sky over Orlando to create a holiday-themed light show. They are using Intel's Shooting Star Drone, which is designed to fly in unison with hundreds of drones that are all manned by a single operator. Don't Miss: The Best Black Friday 4K HDR TV Deals Intel unveiled the drone earlier this month after they flew 500 over a town outside of Munich, Germany. They broke the Guinness Book of World Records for most drones operated by one person. In August, the FAA released drone rules for commercial operators. Intel was granted a waiver to fly an unlimited number of them over any uncontrolled airspace. Disney has been given a similar waiver to fly over any of its parks. iAlthough the technology has worked for 500, they will use 300 to create the show, since it is a lot of work to fly that many night after night. If one does fail to follow the pack, the operator will be able to bring it home immediately so that it does not ruin the show.  These drones don't talk to each other like some of the other drones from Intel, according to The Verge. “We can see the multiple-drones-per-pilot technology being implemented not just in light shows, but also in commercial applications,” said Cheung. “If you inspect a bridge, if you can have more than one drone to do it, you have a faster way of inspecting the bridge. If you were doing search and rescue and you have one drone out there searching for you, it’s much better to have a fleet of drones searching.” Disney's show will fly twice a night at their Disney Springs resort. The drones will be able to form 4 billion combinations, fly 22 MPH, and even fly in light rain. What the video from the Record Breaking flight: You May Like The Author Noel Diem Noel passion is to write about geek culture.     Advertisement Leave a Comment Share this Story Follow Us Read the Latest from I4U News People Prefer Wi-Fi Over Sex, Chocolate or Alcohol 5 hours ago Windows 10 Creators Update 14965 ISO Files Now Available To Download 23 hours ago, 12:46pm CST Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Seen on Zauba 1 day ago, 11:34am CST Mark Zuckerberg Says Facebook Takes Misinformation Seriously 1 day ago, 9:53am CST Vernee Apollo Helio X25 and Mali T880 Smartphone Ships December 1 day ago, 5:17am CST Smoking E-Cigarettes Kills Mouth Cells, Study Suggests 54 minutes ago Black Friday Deals To Know About Today 1 hour ago Kia Super Bowl 2017 Ad Confirmed 2 hours ago New Nintendo 3DS Black Friday Deal: Stores, Times and Everything else You need to know 3 hours ago Lowe's Black Friday 2016 Deals Revealed by Scott Brothers include Parrot Drone Deal 3 hours ago Stunning View of Ceres Captured as Dawn Spacecraft Moves to a Higher Orbit 5 hours ago Mark Zuckerberg wants APEC Countries to join Global Connectivity Revolution 5 hours ago New Best Buy Pre-Black Friday Ad Promotes Deals on TVs and Microsoft Surface 5 hours ago Sears Black Friday Member Private Night Sale Begins Tonight 5 hours ago Hatchimals Sell Now at ToysRUs for $59.99 6 hours ago Amazon Black Friday 2016 Ad Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Target Black Friday 2016 ad Best Buy Black Friday 2016 ad All Black Friday 2016 ads How to Find Hatchimals Deals Find NES Classic Deals Featured News Black Friday Deals To Know About Today How to Beat Bots to Buy Nintendo NES Classic at Walmart Each Day at 5pm   Amazon Black Friday Kindle Deals Are Released Top 100 Black Friday 2016 Deals That Win Black Friday Technology News People Prefer Wi-Fi Over Sex, Chocolate or Alcohol 5 hours ago Windows 10 Creators Update 14965 ISO Files Now Available To Download 23 hours ago, 12:46pm CST Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Seen on Zauba 1 day ago, 11:34am CST Mark Zuckerberg Says Facebook Takes Misinformation Seriously 1 day ago, 9:53am CST More Technology News Stories Latest News Smoking E-Cigarettes Kills Mouth Cells, Study Suggests 54 minutes ago Black Friday Deals To Know About Today 1 hour ago Kia Super Bowl 2017 Ad Confirmed 2 hours ago New Nintendo 3DS Black Friday Deal: Stores, Times and Everything else You need to know 3 hours ago More Latest News The Latest ... Black Friday 2016 Cyber Monday 2016 Holiday Gifts 2016 CES 2017 Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Advertising News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Super Bowl 2017 Ads Hot Tech Deals About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Black Friday The Black Friday 2016 season is here. When is Black Friday 2016? It is on November 25, but the Black Friday deals are on sale now. The Black Friday Deals Tracker allows shoppers to quickly find out which Black Friday 2016 deals are on sale right now online. New this year is the Amazon Black Friday 2016 Deals Tracker. The Amazon Black Friday 2016 sale is the biggest sale to find Black Friday deals all week starting Nov. 18. The Top 100 Black Friday 2016 Deals show all deals that everybody is talking about this year. I4U News is providing its annual in-depth coverage of Black Friday 2016 ads, deals and sales at the Black Friday 2016 Hub. About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2016
null
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight Trader Talk ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Technology Technology Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity The Pulse @ 1 Market Google nabs giant new partner in cloud battle with Amazon Ari Levy | @levynews Thursday, 17 Nov 2016 | 11:00 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES Ari Levy | CNBC Google Cloud chief Diane Greene speaking on September 29, 2016 Google, in its bid to challenge Amazon.com's dominance in the cloud, has enlisted a big partner: Intel. It's been a splashy year for Google's cloud platform, following the hiring of VMware co-founder Diane Greene last November to run the business. In addition to aggressive pricing and a big rebranding effort, Greene's strategy to chase down Amazon Web Services has centered around partnerships with key players in the business world. On Thursday, Google and Intel said they're working together on technology to help enterprises securely move data to the cloud. By linking up with Intel, Google is following through on its plan to lure businesses that have been reluctant to embrace the cloud. Customers don't have to think about it as a wholesale shift, but rather can count on an existing vendor — Intel — to help guide them. Despite Google's advances, AWS still controls the market. According to Synergy Research Group, AWS' share of the cloud infrastructure market sits at 45 percent, while Microsoft, Google and IBM have less than 20 percent combined. At the end of the second quarter, Google had only 5 percent of the market, according to Synergy. And while virtually all emerging companies and new applications are being developed in the cloud, only 41 percent of all enterprise workloads are running in a public or private cloud, according to 451 Research, with the rest still sitting in data centers on premises. By mid-2018, that number will be up to 60 percent. In teaming up with Intel, whose chips power traditional servers, Google can layer in software that simplifies the process of migrating data from their own machines into the cloud and back as needed. Google's homegrown Kubernetes technology allows developers to package information in virtual containers to make it movable and accessible from more places and a multitude of devices. "You just can't pick up and move every workload," said Nan Boden, head of global alliances at the newly branded Google Cloud, in an interview. "You have to come up with an architecture that makes it practical for these companies to be able to take advantage of these new technologies in the cloud and new economics in the cloud." Revenue from public cloud services, including software and infrastructure, is expected to more than double to $195 billion by 2020 from $96.5 billion this year, according to IDC. Google Cloud previously partnered with Autodesk on technology for entertainment companies to quickly render 3-D images and with Okta to help businesses securely deploy Google Apps. In an interview with CNBC.com in May, Greene said that she's "super partner-oriented." Google and Intel aren't disclosing if there's a revenue split in the products they're developing. Raejeanne Skillern, vice president of Intel's data center group, said the partnership is focused on serving clients' needs and creating technology that's secure and accessible. In addition to Kubernetes, another Google product that Skillern is excited about is TensorFlow, software that brings machine learning tools into more applications. "This is definitely groundbreaking for our work with Google," Skillern said. Ari LevySenior Tech Reporter Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change GOOGL --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Binge Filmmaker Ken Burns is scared of what he sees in Donald Trump By: Josh Ascher, CNBC producer Here’s what Steve Jobs had to give Ken Burns to create the 'Ken Burns' effect for iMovie The Ken Burns binge effect: Steve Jobs, Donald Trump and the birth of binge-watching    Ken Burns: The media gets Steve Jobs wrong    Steve Jobs once told Ken Burns he should ditch PBS because they weren’t paying him enough
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV November 17 GOOG: 771.23 6.75 Google working to increase cloud adoption in enterprise with Intel alliance Abner Li - 3 days ago @technacity Intel Google Cloud View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit In trying to compete with the likes of Amazon Web Services and Microsoft Azure, Google Cloud has been moving at breakneck speed. After a strong push into machine learning and AI earlier this week, Google has announced a strategic alliance with Intel to increased enterprise cloud usage. The two companies have already been working for many years on engineering and validating data center processor technology and are now expanding the collaboration to accelerate the use of cloud technology in the enterprise. Specifically, Google and Intel will help enterprise businesses move existing infrastructure to the cloud. These efforts include joint advertising efforts, technical education, and technology integrations. Of course, there is a focus on machine learning and optimizing TensorFlow performance on Intel processors, as well as improving the security between Intel hardware and the Google Cloud Platform. The full areas of focus are below: Kubernetes – Optimizing Kubernetes for Intel architecture to support a broad range of workloads. Intel is a major contributor to the Kubernetes ecosystem and enables enterprises to run OpenStack as a managed Kubernetes workload. Intel and Google engineers have already delivered code optimizations that have improved feature transparency on Intel architecture. This work is also expected to improve workload capabilities, including virtual network performance and prioritization of shared resources. Machine Learning – Accelerating TensorFlow performance on Intel processors, for example by allowing TensorFlow to leverage all CPU cores and vector lanes for improved parallelism, integrating high-performance libraries such as the Math Kernel library (MKL) into TensorFlow, and optimizing memory allocation and data layer operations across a range of topologies. IoT – Creating a secure platform for connecting Intel’s IoT edge devices to Google Cloud Platform (GCP), where the data can be analyzed to inform better decisions — a critical capability for industries like retail and manufacturing. Security – Enhancing security integrations between Intel hardware and GCP infrastructure that will further improve security for enterprise customers. Guides Intel View THe Guide Google Cloud View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
International Business Times UK News LATEST NEWS UK Crime World Latest News Africa Asia Pacific Middle East The Americas Europe Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Politics LATEST NEWS Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music Culture Royalty Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Feature Reviews Analysis Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Log out Newsletter Signup Search Technology Innovation Disney Disney and Intel launch Christmas drone light shows at Florida Disney World 300 Intel drones will perform in light shows choreographed by Disney in its parks over the holiday season. By Mary-Ann Russon , Video by Alice Wheatley November 17, 2016 17:21 GMT Close Embed Feed Magic in the skies: Disney Springs' Christmas drone show Intel <iframe src="http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/videos/embed/21657" width="640" height="360" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"></iframe> Disney and Intel have launched a new light show experience for the 2016 holiday season at Florida's Walt Disney World Resort that uses small flying drones to synchronise and paint colourful images across the sky. The light shows will feature 300 super light Intel Shooting Star drones that are made from Styrofoam and plastic, and only weight 280g. The unmanned aerial vehicles (UAV) are equipped with LED lights that can create over four billion different colour combinations, and they can be programmed and controlled from just one computer. Disney has been interested in using drones for entertainment for quite a while, having filed a patent with the US Patent and Trademark Office in August 2014 describing a fantastic high-tech display whereby hundreds of drones emulate the floating lanterns scene from the animated film Tangled, as well as the idea of drones hoisting giant floating puppets of Jack Skellington above large crowds of people. Unfortunately, the puppet idea is not yet safe enough to realise, and the floating lanterns will take some work, but the idea of drones flying in synchronisation to form light-based pictures in the sky is definitely feasible, especially when they weigh even less than a volley ball. Intel drone technology set a Guinness world record The Intel Shooting Star drone, which weighs only 280g and is made from Styrofoam and plastic to ensure safetyIntel Corporation The show, entitled "Starbright Holidays – An Intel Collaboration" marks the first time a show-drone performance of this scale has ever been performed in the US, and the software controlling the drones makes it possible to cut down preparations for aerial light shows from weeks and months down to just days. The drones will form typical Christmas images in the sky like Christmas trees and angels, and will be available to Disney World visitors in the Town Center, The Landing West Side and Marketplace neighbourhoods, where other seasonal entertainment will be happening at the same time, such as meet and greets with Santa Claus. Intel previously set a Guinness world record by developing a 3D masterpiece entitled Drone 100 showcasing 100 drones flying together in the night sky to paint 3D images and messages to the accompaniment of a live orchestra in Tornesch, Germany in November 2015. "We've never done something so big. To get the right permissions to fly, we showed the US Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) what our technology could provide, we showed them the Intel Shooting Star drones which are so lightweight... they have a prop cage so none of the props are ever touched by anyone else," said Intel's light show business lead Natalie Cheung. "We've redesigned this drone so that it's safe. It's foam, there's no carbon fibre or screws. It's just something that is easy to carry and hold, and easy to fly." Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close EmDrive: What is it and how could it change the world? Columnists Philip Davies MP “International Men's Day: Some issues affect men more than women - why is that hard to accept? READ MORE IBT Media to host AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event takes place on 1 and 2 March 2017 at the Barbican. Mark Zuckerberg explains how Facebook plans to tackle fake news amid growing backlash 'The bottom line is: we take misinformation seriously,' Zuckerberg said. Blizzard cancels Overwatch's graphic novel 'First Strike' Lead writer Michael Chu said the team decided to 'take the story in a different direction'. 3 million low-cost Android phones found with secret rootkit, vulnerable to remote hijack attacks This is the second time in the span of a week that security researchers have sounded an alarm about Android phones with... Video game news round-up: Legend of Zelda delay, Sombra arrives in Overwatch and Super Mario Run Your guide to the week's biggest video game news stories. Three Mobile confirms personal data of over 133,000 customers compromised in massive breach The company said no financial information was accessed in the breach. Trump's pick for CIA director views encryption 'a red flag' and wanted Snowden executed US Congressman Mike Pompeo has accepted the offer to head the CIA under Trump's presidency. Facebook authorises $6bn stock buyback amid fake news debacle The social media giant's accounting chief Jas Athwal will leave the firm after 9 years of service. US government 'deeply concerned' about Russia's decision to block access to LinkedIn The US says the decision could set 'a troubling precedent' to shut down any site containing Russian user data. Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Search (optional) LifestyleLifestyle Architecture Around The Home Children Collectibles Good Thinking Health & Wellbeing Holiday Destinations Outdoors Pets Remarkable People Sports Tiny Houses ScienceScience Biology Electronics Energy Environment Materials Medical Physics Quantum Computing Space TechnologyTechnology 3D Printing Computers Deals Digital Cameras Drones Games Home Entertainment Laptops Military Mobile Technology Music Robotics Smartwatches Telecommunications VR Wearables TransportTransport Aircraft Automotive Bicycles Marine Motorcycles Urban Transport Features Reviews Facebook Twitter RSS Flipboard New Atlas Drones Intel's Shooting Star drones bring flying Christmas lights to Disney World Nick LavarsNovember 18th, 2016 6 pictures The drones will take flight in a choreographed performance and form holiday-themed animations(Credit: Intel Corporation)View gallery - 6 images After last week revealing its Shooting Star drone in record-breaking choreographed flight, Intel is wasting little time in getting the aircraft out in front of the public eye. Attendees of Florida's Walt Disney World Resort this coming holiday season will be treated to a different kind of light show, with the Shooting Star drones forming colorful, flying animations across the night sky. We first caught wind of Disney's interest in making drones a part of its entertainment mix back in 2014, when the company filed a series of patents outlining a few pretty out-there ideas. These included using fleets of drones to control huge marionettes, and others to carry projector screens through the air as floating displays. The upcoming show won't be quite this far-fetched, but will fulfill one of the ideas outlined in Disney's patents, which is to basically replace fireworks with drones. Intel developed its Shooting Star drone exactly for this purpose, and has been working with Disney for more than five months in designing and testing the upcoming "Starbright Holidays" show. The drones weigh 280 g (0.6 lb), less than a volleyball, and feature integrated LEDs that can be used to create more than 4 billion color combinations in the sky. Intel last week revealed that it had flown 500 of the drones together in choreographed flight, all controlled by one pilot using a single laptop, though for the public debut the spectacle will feature only 300. The drones will take flight and form holiday-themed animations to a soundtrack of suitably themed holiday classics. The show will be free for all guests of Disney Springs, the shopping, dining and entertainment district of Florida's Disney World. Having huge numbers of small drones work together in this way could have ramifications beyond simply dazzling spectators with awesome light shows. Researchers are working on developing autonomous fleets of small aircraft for the purposes of city maintenance, defense, and some have even had them build a walkable rope bridge. If you'd like to know more about Intel's drones, you can hear from those involved in the project, in the video below. Source: Intel View gallery - 6 images New AtlasIntel's Shooting Star drones bring flying Christmas lights to Disney World 1 / 6 Tags #Intel #Disney Share this article Show 1 comment Recomended for you Latest in Drones User-friendly drone flies like a copter and like a plane Pocket-sized drone slides right into a smartphone case Fleetlights take streetlights to the skies Intel's Shooting Star drones bring flying Christmas lights to Disney World Search New Atlas Search (optional) Over 255,000 people receive our email newsletter See the stories that matter in your inbox every morning Email address Gizmag is now New Atlas Switch to Desktop Site
Trending: Video: Our holiday gift guide 2016 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Video: New MacBook Pro show-and-tell Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. 7 reasons cloud migrations fail (free online course) What IT admins love/hate about 8 top network monitoring tools SharePoint 2013 cheat sheet IT users review 6 software test management tools More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Gamification Home Tech Location-Based Services Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) Business Process Management (BPM) CRM Collaboration Content/Document Management Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software Integration Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Consumerization of IT Personal Technology News Intel's drones will draw Disney animations in the sky Intel and Walt Disney World will put up to 300 drones in the night sky for an animated light show By Agam Shah | Follow U.S. Correspondent, IDG News Service | Nov 17, 2016 7:52 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Intel's Shooting Star drones form the Intel logo during a demonstration flight. Credit: Intel More like this Intel's build-from-scratch drone kits to take off next month Intel targets commercial market with company-branded Falcon 8+ drone Intel's new computer can serve as the brains of robots Video Computerworld Holiday Gift Guide 2016: Wonderful Wearables Drone shows can be fun to watch, much like fireworks displays. Intel has been flying an army of hundreds of drones that move in a coordinated fashion, creating an effect that looks like a mid-air ballet. The company has created one-off drone shows but is now taking that showcase to the next level. Intel is putting 300 drones in the sky for months, and they will be part of the Starbright Holidays aerial light show that will run during the holiday season at Walt Disney World Resort in Orlando, Florida. The drones will have LEDs that can create more than 4 billion color combinations, and the show will create animations in the night sky. That's right up Disney's alley. For Disney World, it'll be another attraction, much like the fireworks show it hosts every day. In one-off shows, Intel has flown up to 500 drones simultaneously, a Guinness World Record. Running a show for months is a whole new challenge, and it'll need to be well-coordinated so drones don't come crashing down. There's no limit to the number of drones that Intel can fly in a coordinated fashion, said Josh Walden, senior vice president and general manager of Intel’s New Technologies Group. The drones flying will be Intel's homegrown Shooting Star, which was also used in the 500-drone display. Intel isn't selling the drone it's using, though it offers other drones like the Falcon 8+. It will also sell drones from recently acquired MaVinci. Building the 300-drone air show involved packaging unmanned aerial vehicles with a flight sequence and path. The drones fly at a speed of 10 meters per second and will communicate with controller PCs on the ground. The drones don't communicate with each other. Algorithms automate the animation process. They track a drone's flight path and draw the animation in mid-air. Intel developed the Shooting Star drone and supporting software for light shows, Walden said. Entertainment is one industry where drones can be used, but there are also applications in areas like product inspection and search and rescue. There are opportunities for using drones like Shooting Star for commercial purposes, Walden said. Intel is providing the drones, underlying software, and additional hardware like a RealSense 3D camera -- which can help identify objects and prevent collisions -- so companies can build related hardware. It has made many acquisitions to build its drone portfolio so far, a key acquisition being Movidius, which provides chips and software for computer vision. The chipmaker also offers the US$399 Aero Compute Board, allowing enthusiasts to build drones from scratch. The company next month will ship the Aero Ready to Fly Drone kit, an all-inclusive kit that includes the Aero Compute Board and parts like rotors needed to build drones. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Personal Technology Computer Hardware Robotics 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Shop Tech Products at Amazon You Might Like Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like China builds world’s fastest supercomputer without U.S. chips China's Sunway TaihuLight theoretical peak performance is 124.5 petaflops. Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis This sortable chart lets you compare dozens of tools for functionality, skill level and more. Windows 10 Anniversary Update: A guide to the builds The Windows 10 Anniversary Update is due this summer -- but if you don’t want to wait, you can install... Popular Resources Go Top Stories Michael Flynn, Trump's NSA pick, is a cybersecurity hawk Michael Flynn, the man President-elect Donald Trump plans to name as U.S. national security advisor,... How lifelogging will become easy and automatic Before, only academic supergeeks tracked and recorded everything to achieve a photographic memory. But... Tech skills earning the highest cash premiums -- no certification required Some employers pay cash premiums to their tech professionals for specific hot skills and... The state of solar power looks bright in 2017 (+video) While solar and other forms of renewable energy still amount to a small percentage of all power... Sponsored Links INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 1994 - 2016 Computerworld, Inc. All rights reserved. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Answers IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
By reading this site you agree to our cookie policy. Click to find out more. [x] HOME TECH GAMING BUSINESS CONSUMER MOBILE HEXUS.TV TRUST COMPETITIONS FORUMS SEARCH You are here: Entertainment Gadgets News 3 Intel and Disney collaborate for Shooting Star Drone Xmas shows by Mark Tyson on 17 November 2016, 09:31 Tags: Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) Quick Link: HEXUS.net/qada7x Add to My Vault: Intel's drone business seems to be a pet project for the corporation. Last month we saw Intel announce its first own-branded drone and these flying devices have regularly turned up on stage at Intel keynotes in recent times. Now Intel has announced a collaboration with Disney which will make use of its sizable fleet of LED light emitting drones. Last month Intel broke its own 100 simultaneous drone fleet flying record. In the dark skies above Krailling, Germany Intel's so-called Shooting Star drones danced in the sky forming 3D shapes, words, and spelling out '500' in the air. The 500 strong fleet was controlled by a single pilot on a laptop. The choreographed show was variously described as "putting a technological twist on traditional fireworks shows without the inherent risks of traditional pyrotechnics," and offered up as a technology that could be "used for entertainment or for putting ads in the sky". The collaboration with Disney will see part of the Intel Shooting Star fleet over Disney Springs at Walt Disney World Resort. The show is called 'Starbright Holidays – An Intel Collaboration' and will see 300 drones painting colourful images across the sky over the Disney shopping, dining and entertainment district. A sample video of the show is embedded below. This public drone display will be limited to the 'holiday season' for now. Intel says that the "aerial ballet of holiday-themed animations will sparkle in the night sky," and be accompanied by an orchestrated score of classic seasonal music. Intel's latest Intel Shooting Star drones (as pictured above) are lightweight with their plastic and Styrofoam construction, weighing in at just 280g. They are quadrocopters with aerial positioning and RGB LED lighting which can be programmed, synchronised, and controlled via laptop. A new light show presentation can take just days to design and create using the drone fleet and its special software, says Intel. Related Reading 2 Netflix shares jump 20 per cent thanks to subscriptions boom The firm gained 50 per cent more subscribers than expected in the most recent quarter. 2 Sky to broadcast Drone Racing League events from October The DRL is the "global leader of First Person View (FPV) drone racing". 59 BBC will close iPlayer licensing 'loophole' on 1st Sept At the same time it hesitates to reveal which TV stars make more than the UK PM. Go 8 Bit video gaming TV show goes live on 5th September Total GPU shipments up over 20 per cent last quarter says JPR "Data is the new oil" declares Intel CEO Brian Krzanich EVGA SC17 1070 Gaming Laptop Intel to release an unlocked Kaby Lake Core i3 desktop CPU HEXUS Forums :: 3 Comments Login with Forum Account User Name Password Don't have an account? Register today! Posted by Cr@ig - Thu 17 Nov 2016 09:45 Well cool Posted by Smudger - Thu 17 Nov 2016 09:51 So not Vic and Bob then? Posted by cheesemp - Thu 17 Nov 2016 14:21 Gosh that is impressive. Can't wait until they scale this up. 5000 drone open air cinema anyone? MY HEXUS Sign in for the best HEXUS experience LOG IN REGISTER HEXUS NEWSLETTER MOST VIEWED MOST COMMENTED 1 Raspberry Pi powered anti-tank rocket launcher prototype shown 15 2 Nanocoated cathode powders prevent Li-ion battery explosions 2 3 "Data is the new oil" declares Intel CEO Brian Krzanich 4 4 Intel and Disney collaborate for Shooting Star Drone Xmas shows 3 1 QOTW: What do you wear on your wrist? 50 2 Raspberry Pi powered anti-tank rocket launcher prototype shown 15 3 "Data is the new oil" declares Intel CEO Brian Krzanich 4 4 Intel and Disney collaborate for Shooting Star Drone Xmas shows 3 5 Nanocoated cathode powders prevent Li-ion battery explosions 2 EVENTS ALL EVENTS POLL FACEBOOK INDUSTRY PRESS RELEASES 1 ENERMAX Europe Launches Ostrog Lite – the elegant Gaming Tower 2 New iPhone 7 Collection from Element Case 3 Which? names Zen its Best Broadband Provider 4 Thrustmaster announces ultimate racing wheel for PC gamers 5 Cooler Master Launches MasterCase Pro 5 NVIDIA Edition 6 NETGEAR launches 802.11AC wireless access point to improve WiFi coverage INFORMATION About us Advertise Contact us How Competitions work How we test About Cookies What our awards mean Privacy and terms of use SUBSCRIPTIONS RSS / Alerts / Twitter Facebook / Newsletter Unsubscribe HEXUS Community Members: 408,210 Forum posts: 2,559,115 Forum threads: 246,665 Currently active users: 604 Copyright © 1998 - 2016, HEXUS.net. All rights reserved. HEXUS® is a registered trademark.
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Motors Sun Bingo Sun Gifts News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz Living News Videos Sun Bingo Sun Bets All News All News UK News World News Politics Tech and science Opinion who needs fireworks? Disney announces new Christmas drone show to light up the skies this winter The entertainment giant is using 300 drones capable of BILLIONS of different light combinations Video by jon lockett 17th November 2016, 8:07 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments DISNEY will send 300 drones into the air every night over Orlando this winter to create a spectacular Christmas-themed light show in the night skies. The entertainment giant is using 300 Shooting Star drones, specially designed to fly in unison with others, for its new attraction. Intel 3 Each Shooting Star drone is capable of four billion light combinations Alamy 3 Disney’s drone show will fly twice a night this Winter The drones –  which will replace part of the traditional fireworks show – will all be controlled by a single operator. Tech giant Intel unveiled the tiny drone earlier this month after a flying 500 simultaneously in Germany breaking the Guinness Book of World Records for most drones operated one person. And now that the Federal Aviation Administration has given Disney the green light to fly the machines at night – normally illegal in the US. Related Stories WHAT A LOAD OF MUPPETS! Disney owns the website 'MuppetF****r.net', stunned fan reveals WELCOME TO BLUNDERLAND The Disney-style theme park that was abandoned midway through construction 'White Powder Alert' These are the top secret codes Disney World staff use… and what they actually mean REAL LIFE DISNEY PRINCESS Nicole Scherzinger wows in enchanting white gown for premiere of Disney film Moana be our guest! See Emma Watson as Belle in new movie poster for Disney's upcoming Beauty and the Beast remake The show will take place every night at Disney Springs – formerly Downtown Disney – in the Walt Disney World Resort in Bay Lake, Florida. If one of the unmanned aircraft does fail, Natalie Cheung, director of drones marketing at Intel, says the pilot has the ability to select any individual drone to turn it off or make it fly home. And for the Disney light show, the drone fleet is flying over a lake, so any drone that stopped working in midair would just fall into the water. Intel hasn’t yet announced how the Shooting Star is going to come to market beyond the Disney light show. Youtube/Disney Parks 3 Disney had to get special permission to fly drones at night Disney announces new Christmas drone show spectacular But it believes the sky really is the limit for its new flying machine. “We can see the multiple drones per pilot technology being implemented not just in light shows, but also in commercial applications,” said Cheung. “If you inspect a bridge, if you can have more than one drone to do it, you have a faster way of inspecting the bridge. If you were doing search and rescue and you have one drone out there searching for you, it’s much better to have a fleet of drones searching.” Disney’s drone show will fly twice a night this Winter at their Disney Springs resort in Orlando. Each Shooting Star is capable of four billion light combinations, can travel at around 22 miles per hour and fly in light rain. Topics Children Disney Drones Family Holidays Florida Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Read in News 'SNOWMAGEDDON' Bookies slash odds on white Christmas as forecasters predict more snow is set to batter Britain this weekend News sex beast 'Repulsive' woman, 27, admits having sex with her PITBULL while her boyfriend filmed News 'BOO F******* HOO!' Prince William blasted on Twitter after complaining about 'struggling' with parenthood News SEX WITH HER PUPIL Teacher who romped with her 13-year-old schoolboy on "daily basis" before getting pregnant by… News Pictured WINTER BLUNDERLAND Families slam Bakewell Winter Wonderland as 'pile of s***' that is 'so bad even Santa f***** it off' News FEELING LUCKY? National Lottery results live: Winning Lotto numbers for 19 November 2016 £5.6m rollover jackpot News Pictured get ready for storm angus! Storm set to lash Britain with temperatures of -7 and winds of up to 80mph battering the country News BRUTISH GAS Bungling British Gas engineers break into woman's flat and 'ransack' it - but she's NOT their customer News PET PERVERT'S TEARS Woman who had sex with a dog and filmed sick footage  bursts into tears when told she's off to jail News Exclusive DAREDEVIL FELL 300FT James Bond stuntman and SAS hero killed in abseil race after plunging from helicopter in China News Video Exclusive RAILWAY SLEEPER Shocking video shows tram driver SLEEPING at the wheel while doing 40mph on same line as horror Croydon… News Pictured waiting for life after death First pictures of the giant vat where tragic 14-year-old Brit girl will be frozen at -196C with… News Exclusive THE BIG FREEZE 100 more Brits sign up to controversial Cryogenics Institute where Brit teen is being frozen for £37k News SEX BEAST SPARED JAIL Outrage as 15-year-old migrant who raped a five-year-old boy escapes jail sentence News WORLD WAR III FEARS GROW Putin's plane trailed across Switzerland by fighter jets amid tensions between Russia and Europe News Most Popular Exclusive 'i'll hit you roo' Wedding guest threatened to PUNCH drunk Wayne Rooney for 'getting handsy' with his wife during England… Football 'I don’t feel sorry for myself' I'm A Celebrity's Scarlett Moffatt's struggle after suffering facial paralysis condition… TV & Showbiz hot tub time machine Remember Big Brother’s Anthony Hutton who romped with Makosi? Here's what he looks like now Living WTF Frocky horror From VERY daring necklines to flag fails, here are 20 brides who should have said 'I DON'T' to the dress Living Quids in These five 50p coin designs are worth up to £3,000... so how many have YOU got hiding in your purse? Living WHAT TO WATCH OUT FOR From excessive sleeping to to much booze... these are the 5 signs that your man is depressed Living WTF ghost in the back seat Girl captures image of ‘ghost child’ in back of her car in ‘warning to wear seat belt’ News 'she's a heroin addict?!' Jeremy Kyle viewers shocked by looks of escort who’s been on smack for NINE YEARS Living back on Nick Knowles moves back in with estranged wife Jessica Moor TV & Showbiz 'SNOWMAGEDDON' Bookies slash odds on white Christmas as forecasters predict more snow is set to batter Britain this weekend News Video honey g-enius X Factor’s Honey G gets standing ovation AGAIN… sparking shock from confused viewers TV & Showbiz sex beast 'Repulsive' woman, 27, admits having sex with her PITBULL while her boyfriend filmed News All grown up! From All Saints to TLC… You won’t believe what your favourite 90s bands’ kids look like now Living Exclusive 'I don't give a s**t what people say' Cheryl reveals she is happier than ever Living 'BOO F******* HOO!' Prince William blasted on Twitter after complaining about 'struggling' with parenthood News Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
PRLog XHome Login Latest News News By Location News By Industry News By Topic News By Date Business Profiles Pressrooms Get Feeds Get Alerted For Bloggers PRNewswire Distribution Search The LEC-7338: SFF Surveillance Platform with Intel® BayTrail CPU The LEC-7338, running on Intel® Celeron® J1900, is a SFF box PC that offers quad-core processing power. LEC-7338_front   Spread the Word: News By Tag: * Embedded Box PCs * SFF Surveillance Platform By Industry: * ComputersNEW TAIPEI CITY, Taiwan - Nov. 17, 2016 - PRLog -- The LEC-7338, running on Intel® Celeron® J1900, is a SFF box PC that offers quad-core processing power, dual 2.5" HDD/SSD drive bays (RAID 0/1) and a generous I/O interface for video-heavy commercial applications such as physical security and retail surveillance. Intel®'s Bay Trail SoC is known for its significantly improved computing performance and greatly optimized power efficiency. Benchmark tests conducted for processor performance and power consumption show that the Intel® Celeron® J1900 CPU outperforms its predecessor (Intel® Atom™ N2800) by 310% while maintaining the same level of power efficiency. In addition to the powerful and nimble CPU, the LEC-7338's notable features include its 8x POE 10/100 Mbps Ethernet switch ports, 2x 100/1000 Mbps Ethernet port, 2x RS-232/485 COM ports, high speed USB 3.0, digital I/O and HDMI video-out. Also built in are support for up to 8GB of DDR3L 1333MHz memory and a full-sized mini-PCIe with SIM card reader. All in all, the LEC-7338's Intel® Celeron® J1900 processor, compact form factor (272 x 44 x 164.4 mm) and flexible I/O interface make it one of the most versatile and robust box PCs for commercial surveillance application scenarios. Key features • -Intel® Celeron® J1900 CPU • -8x PoE 10/100 Mbps Ethernet Switch Ports • -2x 2.5" HDD/SSD Drive Bays (RAID 0/1) • -2x 100/1000 Mbps LAN Ports • -2x RS-232/485 COM Ports • -1x HDMI (1920 x 1080) • -1x Full-sized Mini-PCIe Slot with SIM Know more about this product: http://www.lannerinc.com/products/embedded-box-pcs/indust... About Lanner Electronics Inc. Lanner Electronics Inc. (TAIEX 6245) is a world-leading hardware provider in design, engineering, and manufacturing services for advanced network appliances and rugged industrial computers. With 30-year experiences, Lanner provides reliable and cost-effective computing platforms with high quality and performance. Today, Lanner has a large and dynamic manpower of over 800 well-experienced employees worldwide with the headquarters in Taipei, Taiwan and subsidiaries in the US, Canada, and China. Contact Lanner Electronics Inc. ***@lannerinc.com End Source : Lanner Electronics Inc. » Follow Email : ***@lannerinc.com Listed Under- Tags : Embedded Box PCs, SFF Surveillance Platform Industry : Computers Location : New Taipei City - New Taipei City - Taiwan Subject : Products A/C Email Vfyd: | A/C Phone Vfyd: Disclaimer   Report Abuse Lanner Electronics Inc. PRs Lanner Partners with Rapid Signage to Offer well-rounded Digital Signage Solutions Lanner Partners with Versa Networks to Enhance SD-WAN and vCPE Solutions at Customer Site Lanner, NTT Lagopus Exchange SDN Switch Compatibility Co-Certifications Lanner Adds NCA-1210 into its Expanding Compact Network Appliance Lineup The LEC-2580: Unsurpassed in Performance, Flexibility and Scalability Trending News Janet Eilber Artistic Director - Martha Graham Dance Company - on the GingerNewYork TV Show NYC Hip Hop Sensation Suspens Jr® Set to Drop Music Release in November "Holiday Miniatures" at James Ratliff Gallery, Sedona, AZ 15th Award for Humor Novel THE LOBBY by Randi M Sherman Dan Nathanson Nominated for Realtor of the Year by The REALTORS Association of the Palm Beaches Top Daily News Lorain Life Coach Helps Community to Cope Post-Election - 354 views Janet Eilber Artistic Director - Martha Graham Dance Company - on the GingerNewYork TV Show NYC - 254 views Marsha Crawford Named REALTOR® of the Year - 238 views University of Tennessee Ice Vols Celebrate 50 Years of Club Hockey - 217 views Hip Hop Sensation Suspens Jr® Set to Drop Music Release in November - 184 views Top Weekly News Scienaptic: A new age analytics platform backed by Pramod Bhasin - 1480 views 2016 Denver Christkindl Market Brings European Charm to Downtown Denver - 1226 views Wisco Hotel Group hires Regional Vice President for Milwaukee Area - 900 views John Deere Gearation Board Selected As Top Educational Toy of 2016 In The Goddard School's Toy Test - 830 views Wayman Aviation Opa Locka to Relocate After 30 years - 758 views PTC News First Bancorp Of Indiana, Inc. Announces Quarterly Cash Dividend - 342 views Dexter Cast to Make First Ever Appearance Together At Wizard World Comic Con Cleveland, St. Louis - 239 views Dave Bautista (WWE Superstar Batista), Finn Bálor Blast Into Wizard World Comic Con New Orleans - 182 views Mobile | Home | Latest Press Releases | Get Feeds | Get Alerted | For Bloggers | PR Newswire Distribution | Privacy | TOS | Contact | Copyright | About
null
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Disney and Intel Light Up the Skies at Disney Springs With Hundreds of Twinkling Choreographed Drones Groundbreaking"Starbright Holidays - An Intel Collaboration" Gives New Meaning to "Wishing Upon a Star" News provided by Walt Disney World Nov 16, 2016, 21:38 ET Share this article LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla., Nov. 16, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- This holiday season, guests at Disney Springs – the shopping, dining and entertainment district of Walt Disney World Resort – will get a chance to see Disney and Intel exploring remarkable new technology as hundreds of lighted show drones take to the nighttime sky in "Starbright Holidays – An Intel Collaboration." The first-of-its-kind light show featuring 300 Intel® Shooting Star™ show drones invites guests to gaze skyward and make a special wish this holiday season. The synchronized choreography of the new Intel Shooting Star drones is set to a specially orchestrated arrangement of classic holiday music. In the nostalgic and stirring medley, Disney Springs guests can listen for a few bars of classic Disney melodies. Continue Reading Starbright Holidays - An Intel Collaboration at Disney Spring: This holiday season, guests at Disney Springs-the shopping, dining and entertainment district of Walt Disney World Resort-will get a chance to see Disney and Intel exploring remarkable new technology as hundreds of lighted show drones take to the nighttime sky in "Starbright Holidays - An Intel Collaboration." (Matt Stroshane, photographer) Starbright Holidays - An Intel Collaboration at Disney Spring: This holiday season, guests at Disney Springs-the shopping, dining and entertainment district of Walt Disney World Resort-will get a chance to see Disney and Intel exploring remarkable new technology as hundreds of lighted show drones take to the nighttime sky in "Starbright Holidays - An Intel Collaboration." (Matt Stroshane, photographer) "We are thrilled to share an experience as innovative and unique as Disney Springs," said Keith Bradford, Vice President of Disney Springs. "'Starbright Holidays' is a wonderful surprise and delight moment for guests as they enjoy an evening of world-class shopping, dining and entertainment here at Disney Springs." Added Jon Snoddy, Studio Executive with Walt Disney Imagineering R&D, "At Disney, we are always looking for innovative ways to tell stories and create unexpected experiences. We're excited to invite guests to watch as we explore the possibilities of this remarkable new technology." "Starbright Holidays - An Intel Collaboration" marks the first time in the United States 300 show drones have flown at one time. At 280g, the Intel Shooting Star drone weighs less than a volleyball, and features built-in LED lights that can create more than four billion color combinations. "We are excited to work with Walt Disney Imagineering to bring a fresh and innovative approach to its world-renowned light shows," said Senior Vice President and General Manager of Intel's New Technology Group, Josh Walden. "Together, we worked to tackle the new frontier of entertainment, picturing the sky as our canvas, and flying lights as ink." "Starbright Holidays - An Intel Collaboration" will join other holiday enhancements at Disney Springs, including a brand-new Christmas Tree Trail, special seasonal entertainment, meet and greets with Santa, and festive decor throughout all four neighborhoods – Town Center, The Landing, West Side and Marketplace.  About Disney Springs: Disney Springs is a one-of-a-kind Disney experience, treating guests by day and night to great dining, shopping and entertainment amid beautiful open-air promenades, flowing springs and waterfront charm. Offering an air of sophisticated grace and design that harkens to Florida's waterfront towns at the turn-of-the-century, Disney Springs is home to four distinct, outdoor neighborhoods: The Landing, Town Center, Marketplace and West Side. Nearing completion in 2016, Disney Springs has been undergoing the largest expansion in its history to double the number of shops, restaurants and other venues for guests to explore, which will result in more than 150 establishments. Disney Springs is part of Walt Disney World Resort, the number one family vacation destination in the world, located in Lake Buena Vista, Fla. About Intel: Intel (NASDAQ: INTC) expands the boundaries of technology to make the most amazing experiences possible. Information about Intel and the work of its more than 100,000 employees can be found at newsroom.intel.com and intel.com. Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161116/440551 Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161116/440552 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/disney-and-intel-light-up-the-skies-at-disney-springs-with-hundreds-of-twinkling-choreographed-drones-300364792.html SOURCE Walt Disney World Feb 29, 2016, 11:29 ET Preview: Disney Springs Continues to Grow and Add Even More Exceptional Dining and Retail Experiences My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: Disney and Intel Light Up the Skies at Disney Springs With Hundreds of Twinkling Choreographed Drones News provided by Walt Disney World Nov 16, 2016, 21:38 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Intel's Shooting Star light show drones make US debut ​Intel's Shooting Star drones can be controlled by a single computer and operator -- a feat that could have larger implications to the rest of Intel's burgeoning drone portfolio. By Natalie Gagliordi for Between the Lines | November 17, 2016 -- 00:15 GMT (16:15 PST) | Topic: Robotics A figure of a dove created with Intel's Shooting Star drone system. Intel's Shooting Star drones will head to the Walt Disney World Resort on Sunday for three weeks of nightly light shows at Disney Springs. The shows, which will feature 300 Intel Shooting Star drones in a choreographed aerial performance, marks the public debut of the Intel Shooting Star drone system in the US. What's Hot on ZDNet Nothing good is free: How Linux and open source companies make money Could Trump be the catalyst for an all-American iPhone? Women's share of Microsoft jobs falls again, so it's tying top pay to diversity Britain has passed the 'most extreme surveillance law ever passed in a democracy' The Shooting Star system is a new type of unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) specifically designed for entertainment purposes. Each quadcopter is constructed out of styrofoam and lightweight plastics, along with built-in LED lights that can create more than 4 billion color combinations. Because the system's algorithms control the choreography and optimize the flight path, the entire fleet of 300 Shooting Star drones can be controlled by a single computer and operator -- a feat that could have larger implications for the rest of Intel's burgeoning drone portfolio. 'We see the ability to fly hundreds of drones with a single operator as something that easily could move into the inspection space," said Josh Walden, SVP & GM of Intel's New Technologies Group. Among a bevy of available commercial drone applications, the ability to deploy a fleet of drones with one operator to inspect large structures such as cell towers, buildings, and bridges is still somewhat rare because of weaknesses in existing GPS technology. For the most part, GPS works just fine to get a drone from one place to another, but the technology faces challenges when it comes to getting drones close enough to a structure to capture high-resolution images. Intel's Shooting Star drones rely on GPS, but the software alone could lead in to the more sophisticated, industrial applications. "When we developed the platform, we did it so we could program the light show to a PC have the software manage the whole system," Walden said. "It's a highly automated process that previously took a lot more people and more time. The technology that we created which enables the Shooting Star light show could eventually be used to send out dozens of drones to do an inspection that much quicker." As for the Walt Disney World Resort, the self-proclaimed "Happiest Place on Earth" gained approval from the Federal Aviation Administration earlier this month to fly drones within its parks. Disney's permission waiver from the FAA covers both its Florida and California theme parks and requires that drone operators have remote pilot certificates. READ ALSO: Humans can now use mind control to direct swarms of robots Utah teen launches consumer drone that can fly over 70 mph AT&T's flying COWs are better than they sound Birds do it. Bees do it. Can drones do it? Cheap 3D vision bringing robots into the real world Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Innovation Why robotic process automation adoption is on the rise Innovation Should we ban killer robots? Innovation Artificial skin improves home care robots Innovation Chatbots gain more sophistication and popularity for business applications × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. Disney’s Latest Attraction? 300 Drones Flying in Formation subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER Roadmap to 2020 Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 4 hours Love stinks: bit.ly/2g5dZRH Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Advertisement. Slide: 1 / of 2. Caption: Intel Slide: 2 / of 2. Caption: Intel Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: Brian Barrett. Brian Barrett Gear Date of Publication: 11.16.16. 11.16.16 Time of Publication: 7:15 pm. 7:15 pm Disney’s Latest Attraction? 300 Drones Flying in Formation Intel With the push of a button, 300 drones ascend from a ground station and float over a nearby lake. You can’t see them at first—it’s well after sundown—but you can hear them falling into formation. The music starts, the drones light up, and the choreography begins. This isn’t just the latest Disney World attraction. It’s a whole new breed of entertainment. That’s the hope for both Disney and Intel, anyway, as they prepare to launch previews of their “Starbright Holidays” extravaganza in Orlando. The drones are Intel’s new Shooting Star quadcopters, and while this isn’t Intel’s biggest air show—the company synced up 500 of them earlier this year in Sydney—it will be the first implementation in which Disney’s imagineers helped guide the production. “Our drones, together with Disney’s expertise in animation as well as storytelling, and the music score, together make what we think is going to be a groundbreaking for of entertainment,” says Josh Walden, general manager of Intel’s New Technology Group. It’s taken five months of close coordination between Intel and Disney to get this far, all to the end of creating a live experience that’s as engrossing as it is technologically innovative. And what’s fun for the whole family today may end up having more serious applications down the road. Drone Home The final details of the Starbright Holidays show are still being worked out. What we do know, though, is how the Shooting Star drones work. In short, very impressively. I absolutely see this applicable to controlling a fleet of drones in a commercial space. Josh Walden, general manager of Intel's New Technology Group The drones themselves don’t look like much, but then again they’re not supposed to; they’re simply flying LED delivery systems, capable of creating over four billion color combinations. They each weigh a little over half a pound, are just over a foot long and wide, and feature a soft-frame construction of plastics and foam (safety first). What matters much more is what the drones can do when they’re aloft. Namely, anything you tell them to, in any combination. What Intel has created is not simply drone hardware, but an entire platform on which to build aerial spectacles. “They way that they work is that they wirelessly talk with the computer. The drones don’t actually communicate with each other,” says Walden. “You program them upfront for the light show itself, and then the drones essentially are independent.” Intel They’re also highly adaptable. Drones aren’t assigned light show roles until after a computer has queried each individually, assessing characteristics like battery level and GPS signal before divvying up assignments. Once the algorithms crunch through which drone is best for a given flight, an operator can deploy them with the push of a button. While 300 sounds like (and is) a lot of drones, several also wait in reserve, just in case. “We have more drones on the ground than the actual light show needs,” says Walden. In the event that an active drone suffers a battery failure or a GPS glitch, a backup can dynamically sub in. The Shooting Star models can fly within five feet of one another, and can stay airborne for up to 20 minutes, though the Starbright Holidays exhibition should wind up a bit shorter. While the drone show isn’t a Disney exclusive, Walden says his team is “heads down” on making sure the Starbright debut goes off smoothly. The technology used to make that happen, though, could also have implications well beyond the amusement park. Global Swarming Drones that can be programmed in days or even hours to fly in tight formation? That’s good for an aerial ballet, but could be even better for a much broader range of applications. After all, what’s one drone when you can send 500? “I absolutely see this applicable to controlling a fleet of drones in a commercial space,” says Walden. It wouldn’t be surprising some day to see companies deploy dozens or hundreds of drones to complete inspections of construction areas, assist in agricultural work, or even form a search and rescue party in the event of a natural disaster. Walden acknowledges that the technology isn’t quite there today, and neither are federal regulations. There’s only so much you can do with a drone army that needs to remain within your line of sight. Still, the FAA has already signaled its willingness to work with companies like Intel, recently began offering waivers from certain drone restrictions (including, crucially for Starbright Holidays, the ability to fly drones at night). It helps, too, that Intel CEO Brian Krzanich chairs the FAA’s Drone Advisory Committee. Until those changes actually take place? A dazzling drone light show sounds like a perfectly wonderful way to kill time. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Disney drones Intel Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Pin Comment Email Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Pin Comment Email Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Most Popular Review: Sun and Moon are Kinder, Gentler Pokémon Games Gaming Review: Sun and Moon are Kinder, Gentler Pokémon Games 6 hours America’s Top Spy Talks Snowden Leaks and Our Ominous Future Security America’s Top Spy Talks Snowden Leaks and Our Ominous Future 11.17.16 Snap’s Spectacles Are the Beginning of a Camera-First Future gear Snap’s Spectacles Are the Beginning of a Camera-First Future 7 hours Every Single Name on This Entrancing Map Is a Music Reference maps Every Single Name on This Entrancing Map Is a Music Reference 11.17.16 Woah, Google’s AI Is Really Good at Pictionary Artificial Intelligence Woah, Google’s AI Is Really Good at Pictionary 2 days The EU’s Android Antitrust Complaints Are Contrived WIRED Opinion The EU’s Android Antitrust Complaints Are Contrived 6 hours Security News This Week: Snowden-Hater Michael Pompeo May Be CIA Director security news this week Security News This Week: Snowden-Hater Michael Pompeo May Be CIA Director 6 hours Here’s How Facebook Actually Won Trump the Presidency Election 2016 Here’s How Facebook Actually Won Trump the Presidency 11.15.16 More Stories Skip Comments. Skip to: Footer. View comments Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Gear gear Snap’s Spectacles Are the Beginning of a Camera-First Future 7 hours Tech Specs The UFC’s 4K Truck Is a Symphony of Pixels and Punches 1 day product review Review: Apple MacBook Pro With Touch Bar 11.14.16 Fetish Official Star Wars Drones Will Cost $240 Each 2 days product review Review: Monster iSport Victory BT 2 days physics Physicists Uncover Strange Numbers in Particle Collisions 6 hours We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 4 hours Love stinks: bit.ly/2g5dZRH Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 4 hours Love stinks: bit.ly/2g5dZRH Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.

obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu INTEL OUTSIDE Disney will use hundreds of swarming drones in its holiday light show Written by Mike Murphy Obsession Machines with Brains November 16, 2016 Can they do Mickey? (Intel) Share Written by Mike Murphy Obsession Machines with Brains November 16, 2016 Fireworks are great. They tap into some Neanderthalic love we harbor for watching things on fire explode. But fireworks are also expensive, difficult to set up in large quantities, and can’t be reused. What if you could replace them with drones? Mickey is trying it out. Today, Disney and Intel are announcing that the two companies are partnering to create a new type of light show at Disney World in Florida, where 300 drones bearing multicolored lights will fly in unison, giving the impression of something akin to a fireworks display, or a massive, floating LED screen. The two are calling the drone performances “Starbright Holidays.” Intel first tested out a system to control multiple drones at once last year. It performed a light show in Germany with 100 drones performing a routine, all controlled by one computer. Since then, the company has broken a Guinness world record by controlling 500 drones at the same time, earlier this year: Intel worked with Disney’s engineering group in Los Angeles, referred to as Imagineers, to create a proprietary software and hardware for Disney’s holiday celebrations. The show will incorporate 300 new drones, designed by Intel, that it’s calling “Shooting Star” drones. The mainly plastic drones are each about the size of a volleyball, Intel’s general manager of new technologies, Josh Walden, told Quartz. Each drone will have GPS and other sensors to help it position itself, but the drones will not be able to communicate with each other. Instead they will all be in constant contact with the single computer that will control them all. The entire setup can be controlled by a single person, who can press one button to safely return all the drones to earth if they encounter any issues. The new system developed for Disney can emit 4 billion light and color combinations, Walden said, and it’s much easier to set up than Intel’s earlier drone shows. “It used to take six weeks to choreograph one of these shows,” Walden said, “and now can be done in a few days.” The drones can fly for about 20 minutes, and Disney’s light show will incorporate 10 different scenes and holiday songs. They can also fly in light rain, meaning that warm Florida winters should be no problem. The Shooting Star drones’ flight control technology is based on the technology in Intel’s Falcon 8 drones, created by the company’s subsidiary, Ascending Technologies, Walden said. Intel has also invested $60 million in the Chinese drone manufacturer Yuneec, signaling the company’s belief that robots—along with self-driving cars—are the next wave of computing. Intel, once the go-to manufacturer of computer chips during the desktop PC era, has fallen by the wayside somewhat after missing the smartphone revolution, and it layed off 12,000 employees earlier this year. Yesterday, Intel announced that it was also investing $250 million over the next two years to develop its self-driving car capabilities. One of Intel’s Shooting Star drones. (Intel) Walden told Quartz that Intel’s Shooting Star drones won’t necessarily replace traditional fireworks displays—they offer something different, and can be used in conjunction with fireworks. But, he said, they are more environmentally friendly in the long run, as they can be used multiple times. They’ll also likely set fewer things (or people) on fire than fireworks tend to. Walden didn’t release numbers on how much Intel charged Disney to create its light show, but he said other institutions had expressed interest in doing something similar. Beyond lighting up the night’s sky in novel ways, Walden said this proprietary swarming technology could be used in other fields in the future. Strapping cameras on drones like these would allow them to be used in effective search-and-rescue missions, for example: Swarms of drones could be sent out to cover an area, with each drone sending back data in real time, to search for the missing person a lot more efficiently than a helicopter could. The drone light show will take place daily at Disney World over the holiday season, and Walden thinks fans of Mickey will be be impressed with what they seen. “When you watch the expression of children watching it,” he said, “it’s absolutely incredible.” Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search

Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Snapshot of the divide: Like America, Clark County split Hike in park impact fees raises concerns One year later, camping ordinance yields little change for area’s homeless Weather Eye: Drop in temperatures seems to signal approaching holidays Public meetings for week of Nov. 20 Two arrested as drug raid targets notorious nuisance house Free barbecue satisfying Thanksgiving meal for many Herrera Beutler on Trump team: Wait and see Robber strikes bank near Vancouver Mall Press Talk: The power of the thank you Free barbecue satisfying Thanksgiving meal for many Less than two months ago, Angie Travis was living in her car in Vancouver when a woman told her there… Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Mayolo, La Center hold off Mount Baker in 1A quarterfinals No. 7 Washington rolls past Arizona State, 44-18 Interceptions spark Skyview to 35-14 win over Lake Stevens   Columbia River girls win 2A soccer title in shootout Camas wins 4A state soccer championship Camas gets payback against Skyline on way to football semifinals   No. 12 Colorado beats No. 20 Washington State Oregon upsets No. 11 Utah on late TD catch Clark volleyball season ends State Football and Soccer Live Chat Camas wins 4A state soccer championship A near-perfect team ended its season in the perfect way – a state championship. Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories U.S. whiskey boom is having long legs Path to take to find a good used car Automakers poised to help electric cars rev into high gear Investors shrug off tech field diversity Crunch all data before switch to unlimited data Gearing up for holiday shopping in Clark County Tech Test: Laptops getting more in touch with users Berko: Yeses and not with a 10-foot pole on high-yield stocks Alcohol giant Constellations eyeing putting marijuana in beverages Berko: Gut says hold off on buying Subaru stock Tech Test: Laptops getting more in touch with users Can the venerable laptop keyboard get more touchy-feely — and in a good way? Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Movie Listings Recent Life Stories ‘Post-truth’ named as 2016 word of the year Eddie Redmayne’s big bag of acting tricks Chicago’s tricky position in pop culture Check It Out: Celebrate the ugly side of the holiday season Tinder now allows users to write in their gender identity Unwrap the best gifts for jet-setting people Sanders takes Democrats to task in book Seattle’s EMP Museum rebrands to MoPOP Somali starts club to help others into college Clark County’s three tea houses offer a warm diversion Check It Out: Celebrate the ugly side of the holiday season Just so you know, things are gonna get ugly. Christmas is about a month away, and if past Christmas celebrations… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: Much to Learn after Protests Jayne: So, what really happened on Election Day? Will: Draw curtain on Democrats’ theater of pointless gestures Letter: God helps those in need Letter: Election leads to civil strife Letter: U.S. wrong on Syria Letter: Trump supporters should protest Letter: Nothing miraculous about Trump Safe energy alliance keeps Mosier explosion’s results in mind Everything’s for sale now, even the ‘truth’ Editorial Cartoons, Nov. 20-26 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Green Meadows residents worry about annexation Everybody has a story: Thanksgiving out in the wilderness a year to remember School donates piano to nursing care center Applause You Can Help Vancouver celebrates Miss Washington with Alicia Cooper Day Ridgefield resident places in state wool competition Students create videos about vaping Good cafeteria behavior leads to five-course meal My Fair Kitty fundraiser supports new shelter Green Meadows residents worry about annexation Art Stubbs is resigned to becoming a resident of Vancouver. But the idea still worries him. Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Job fair aims to attract workers laid off by Intel By Mike Rogoway, The Oregonian Published: November 16, 2016, 3:57 PM A   A PORTLAND — Semiconductor manufacturer GlobalFoundries will host a Portland job fair next month, hoping to pick up workers who lost their jobs in Intel’s mass layoff in the spring. GlobalFoundries is not hiring for positions in Oregon; its jobs are at its Fab 8 manufacturing site in Albany, N.Y. The company is a contract manufacturer that was created when Intel’s much-smaller rival Advanced Micro Devices spun off its production arm in 2009. Intel laid off 784 Oregon workers in April. The cuts were the first step in a plan to cull 12,000 jobs companywide by the middle of 2017 to prepare for long-term decline in Intel’s core market, PCs and laptops. The chipmaker had 19,500 Oregon employees before the layoffs began last spring. Oregon tech employers have held two large job fairs since Intel began downsizing, attracting hundreds, but laid-off workers report relatively few hires at each event. The semiconductor industry is highly specialized and — outside of Intel — there is relatively little market for advanced chip skills in Oregon. GlobalFoundries said it quietly held a Portland job fair last July for development engineers with doctorates and hired 15 people from that event. December’s job fair is for front-line workers: equipment and maintenance technicians with experience in various stages of the semiconductor manufacturing process. “We have been successful at hiring quality and experienced professionals from Portland in the past,” GlobalFoundries recruiter Nick Esteban said in an email. GlobalFoundries is holding additional job fairs in Arizona, where Intel also has a large presence, and in New York. The company said it will provide relocation assistance to those it hires from Oregon. Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Want more local business news? Sign up for our Business Newsletter. HERE Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Report Bug Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2016 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter The Mercury News Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian Intel Extreme Masters highlights growth of… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Slain soldier’s family booed Kanye cuts Sac show short Trump U lawsuits settled ‘Touch disease’ woes Bourdain in San Jose Entertainment Intel Extreme Masters highlights e-sports popularity Region cradled competitive gaming, and now it benefits from maturing scene Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) The Intel Extreme Masters was held at the SAP Center in San Jose on Nov. 22, 2015. This year it is being held at Oracle Arena in Oakland on Nov. 19 and Nov. 20 (ESL) By Gieson Cacho | gcacho@bayareanewsgroup.com PUBLISHED: November 18, 2016 at 4:49 pm | UPDATED: November 19, 2016 at 2:57 pm When it comes to e-sports, Dennis Fong considers himself patient zero — the first player to discover you can earn money playing video games. Before he ran services such as Plays.tv and Raptr, Fong (aka “Thresh”) was the world’s best “Doom” and “Quake” player. “From the money perspective … I was the first one making a living at doing” e-sports, he said in an interview, talking about growing up in Los Altos and becoming a professional gamer. As the field’s first star, he helped establish e-sports as an underground niche and now is helping make it a burgeoning part of the video game industry. Not only are e-sports televised today, but they regularly fill up venues used for NBA games — including Oracle Arena, where the Intel Extreme Masters event takes place this weekend. “The IEM is the big one in the Bay Area,” said Michal Blicharz, vice president of pro gaming at the Cologne, Germany-based ESL, which organizes these competitions worldwide and backs a top league. “It’s the biggest e-sports event in the Bay Area and the biggest ‘Counter-Strike’ event in California,” added Blicharz. Field reporter Kristine Leahy, center, speaks to billionaire Mark Cuban and Intel CEO Brian Krzanich at a “League of Legends” charity match at IEM San Jose in 2015. (ESL)  The IEM in Oakland features competitions in two games, “League of Legends” and “Counter-Strike: Global Offensive.” The first is a multiplayer online battle arena where two teams of five control virtual champions with a variety of abilities. The goal is to destroy the rival’s base. The draw of “League” is the strategizing involved as teams try to outmaneuver and defeat their opponents. Since its 2009 release, “League” has become one of the pre-eminent e-sports titles. “Counter-Strike,” introduced in 1999, also pairs off two teams of five people. One side represents terrorists guarding a bomb, the other counter terrorists intent on defusing it. This first-person shooter demands intricate team interaction. Matches become tense as one side picks off the other’s personnel until they are wiped out or the oposing team completes its objective. Last year’s IEM drew 9,000 to 10,000 people over two days at SAP Center in San Jose, according to Blicharz. It also featured a charity event where billionaire Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban played against Intel CEO Brian Krzanich in “League of Legends.” This year, said Blicharz, ESL is expecting a similar-size crowd, and it will also feature a twist on the Big Game as teams from Cal and Stanford duke it out in a “League” show match. As for the main competition, teams will battle for a $100,000 prize pot in “League of Legends” and $300,000 in “Counter-Strike.” With its mix of tech innovation and history, the Bay Area is one of the few places in the U.S. that have become competition hubs. Blicharz says historically Dallas has been an epicenter, while Southern California has drawn teams and events thanks to Riot Games, the “League of Legends” developer based in Santa Monica, and Blizzard, the developer of e-sports games such as “Hearthstone,” “StarCraft” and “Overwatch,” headquartered in Irvine. Seattle is a hub because of its proximity to gaming giant Valve, which hosts the International, a tournament for the popular game “Dota 2.” The Intel Extreme Masters drew 9,000 to 10,000 people a day when it was held at the SAP Center in San Jose in 2015. (ESL)  The Bay Area’s gravity stems from streaming giant Twitch and gaming and hardware companies, Blicharz said, including Electronic Arts (“Madden NFL”) and Capcom (Street Fighter”). In a training facility at Logitech’s U.S. headquarters in Newark, pro players from Team Solomid and Cloud 9 practice for up to 12 hours a day, according to Brent Barry, the company’s head of e-sports. Then there’s the region’s demographic. “Lots of young people — lots of young people interested in tech, this kind of tech — is integrated in this part of the country,” he said. “Events like these naturally fit.” Fong, who graduated from pro gamer to running companies that fuel interest video gaming, sees the same potential e-sports audience in the younger generation. “Today, I suspect if you were to talk to anyone under the age of 25, they would all know about e-sports,” he said. “It’s not mainstream yet, but anyone who has kids will see it.” INTEL EXTREME MASTERS When: Nov. 19 and 20, starting 9 a.m. Where: Oracle Arena, Oakland Ticket packages: $40-$160 Information: http://intelextrememasters.com/season11/oakland/     Tags:  Video Games Gieson Cacho Gieson Cacho is the video game columnist for the Bay Area News Group. He lives in Berkeley, roasts his own coffee and drinks craft beer. Follow Gieson Cacho @gcacho Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Gold Star family of slain California soldier booed on flight DUI charges against 19-year-old woman dropped in Moss Landing double fatal crash Kanye West: Anatomy of the train-wrecked concert in San Jose Apple admits to iPhone ‘touch disease,’ blames users Warriors survive first crunch time test in 124-121 win over the Bucks Kawakami: Why the A’s had to move on from the Lew Wolff era Stanford thumps Cal as Christian McCaffrey sets Big Game rushing record Raiders kicker Sebastian Janikowski buys in to Del Rio’s `process’ More in Entertainment Kanye West cuts Sacramento show after 30 minutes, fans enraged November 20, 2016, 9:37 am Within minutes of the show, the streets and sidewalks near the arena erupted with chants and cussing aimed at Kanye West. Lady Gaga, Bruno Mars, Sting set for American Music Awards November 20, 2016, 9:38 am With new albums to promote, the timing is perfect for Sunday’s American Music Awards, where performers include top pop stars such as Lady Gaga, Bruno Mars and The Weeknd. TV this week: Macy’s Thanksgiving Parade kicks off flood of holiday fare November 20, 2016, 7:00 am Also on TV this week: ‘The Affair,’ ‘Vikings’ return Trump again demands apology from cast of ‘Hamilton’; Pence says he wasn’t offended November 20, 2016, 8:02 am In the midst of choosing his Cabinet, the president-elect took time out Sunday for a second day to criticize the cast of the Broadway musical “Hamilton” and demand an apology for a message an actor delivered from stage to VP-elect Mike Pence. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription All Access Subscriptions Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps Contact Us Corrections Reprints Archive Search Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Local Guide Fry’s Ad Public Notices © 2016 Digital First Media Site Map Copyright Privacy Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Bay Area News Group Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team 10th Annual CrunchiesCelebrate Startups At TechCrunch's Awards Show This February Grab Your Tickets Today Hardware Intel is laying off a major portion of its wearables group Razer’s Blade 14 successfully merges mobile gaming with slick hardware Airspace Systems’ ‘Interceptor’ can catch high-speed drones all by itself Browse more... Intel Intel is laying off a major portion of its wearables group Intel announces $250 million for autonomous driving tech How drones will reshape the enterprise Browse more... Here’s Intel’s abandoned wearable, the Basis Ruby Posted yesterday by Brian Heater (@bheater) 0 SHARES Next Story Intel is laying off a major portion of its wearables group Intel’s spent the last few years betting on wearables, but things just aren’t paying off. According to sources close to the company, there are major changes afoot at the chipmaker’s New Devices Group, including some major job loss. From the sound of it, some key projects will likely never see the light of day either, including the Ruby, a new fitness watch developed in-house by Basis, a wearable company swallowed up by Intel in 2014. The Ruby — codenamed “Goblin” according to a source — would have been Basis’s first major new product, assuming you don’t count the Basis Titanium, essentially a dressed-up version of the company’s well-received Peak wearable. The Ruby was set to be a smaller wearable, designed to take on Fitbit’s Charge 2, rather than the Blaze, cramming the Peak’s specs into a more compact form factor, coupled with some overall improvements to connectivity. Originally developed for female users, due to its smaller size, the Ruby was ultimately going to be positioned more broadly. The wearable was also set to arrive with a revamped version of the Basis software. Ultimately, however, the device was canceled, another blow to a company reeling from the Peak’s recalls, and, according to our source, “the beginning of the end.” 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Intel Founded 1968 Overview Intel designs, manufactures, and sells integrated digital technology platforms worldwide. The company operates through PC client, data center, Internet of Things, mobile and communications groups; software and services; and all other segments. Its platforms are used in various computing applications comprising notebooks, desktops, servers, tablets, smartphones, wireless and wired connectivity products, … Location Santa Clara, CA Categories Semiconductor, Hardware, Software, Manufacturing Website http://www.intel.com/ Full profile for Intel Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe Latest Crunch Report FanDuel and DraftKings Merge | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes Intel Hardware Popular Posts Featured Stories Zuckerberg reveals plans to address misinformation on Facebook 22 hours ago | Kate Conger The tech that will feed the world yesterday | Joseph Byrum So you think you elected an autocrat yesterday | Jon Evans, Columnist Intel is laying off a major portion of its wearables group yesterday | Brian Heater Latest From TechCrunch Spectacle-selling Snapbot deployed at the Grand Canyon 2 hours ago | Darrell Etherington Beyond Nokia: A love story 6 hours ago | Steve O'Hear Listen to Nested CEO on reluctant founders, fundraising, and why you shouldn’t do a startup 7 hours ago | Steve O'Hear How data science and rocket science will get humans to Mars 16 hours ago | Kapil Kedar Comment moderation powered by Up Next Intel is laying off a major portion of its wearables group Posted yesterday CrunchBoard Job Listings iOS Developer (m/f) at eGym GmbH (Berlin, Deutschland) Director, Software Security @ Practice Fusion at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Developer at CastleBranch (Wilmington, NC, United States) Infrastructure Engineer Tango at The Sourcery (Mountain View, CA, United States) Senior Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2016 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Zuckerberg reveals plans to address misinformation on Facebook 22 hours ago by Kate Conger Intel and Disney paint the sky Nov 16, 2016 by Matt Burns Watch a fully self-driving Tesla navigate intersections and city streets 20 hours ago by Darrell Etherington Beyond Nokia: A love story 6 hours ago by Steve O'Hear Intel is laying off a major portion of its wearables group yesterday by Brian Heater Google reverses its ‘digital death sentence’ for Pixel phone resellers Nov 18, 2016 by Sarah Perez Listen to Nested CEO on reluctant founders, fundraising, and why you shouldn’t do a startup 7 hours ago by Steve O'Hear So you think you elected an autocrat yesterday by Jon Evans The tech that will feed the world yesterday by Joseph Byrum Watch Tesla Model S P85D’s instant speed avoid a potential rear-end collision yesterday by Darrell Etherington
null
TechRadar pro IT insights for business Search RSS News Reviews Insights TechRadar Business Laptop/PC Printers Hardware Software Mobile working Security Networks Management Data centre & Cloud Reviews Lenovo ThinkStation P310 Tower Workstation review Hands on: Lenovo ThinkStation P310 Tower Workstation review Not yet rated By Desire Athow PC & Mac desktops  Plenty of performance squeezed into a compact case Shares What is a hands on review? Jump to Section: Best Price Comments Our Early Verdict The P310 throws the gauntlet at the rest of the competition in the sub-£1,000 desktop workstation PC market. A genuine gem against which others will be measured. For Value for money Mature design Against Cable management could be tidier 250W PSU looks a little lightweight There was a time when workstations were expected to fit a certain template. They were meant to be big, expensive, noisy, and above all, powerful. For years, your average workstation would stick closely to this formula, but things have evolved, driven partly by the industry’s focus on power efficiency. One of these new workstations that dares to be different is the Lenovo ThinkStation P310, a relatively tiny (only 25 litres) model that is surprisingly affordable despite offering some cracking features. The P310 sits below the P410, P510, P710 and the P910, and is Lenovo’s value-offering for the entry-level 3D and 2D CAD/CAM market, offering a serious alternative to high-end desktops thanks to its ISV-certified status. The cheapest model is available for £675 (around $840, AU$1,120) at the time of writing with a three-year onsite, next business day warranty, free delivery, and that’s inclusive of VAT. For that price, you get a quad-core Intel Core i5-6400 CPU with 4GB of RAM and a 500GB hard drive, which is great but certainly not enough for your standard workstation user. There’s plenty to like about the latest entry-level candidate of Lenovo’s Thinkstation family, which is now almost ten years old. Indeed, there are several neat features that can be found across the entire series regardless of the price point. The integrated handles, for example, should be the norm by now. The front one is particularly worth highlighting as it combines an aesthetic touch (the red Lenovo signature) with a practical one (it’s made from rubber to protect the fingers of the user). Not that this machine is particularly heavy or big – at 175 x 426 x 376mm and weighing 13kg, it is just a bit bulkier than two A3 reams of 500 sheets put together. The P310 is also easy to maintain – getting inside the case still requires you to undo two thumb screws to remove the side panel, but that takes a few seconds at most. Once you’re in, adding or removing boards, memory cards or hard disk drives can be done quickly. We’re impressed by the flexible hard drive ‘caddy’ but less enamoured with the so-so cable management. Airflow is excellent thanks to a honeycomb meshed front that’s mostly empty space and allows fresh air to be sucked through efficiently via an 80mm fan at the front. Lenovo engineers came up with an elegant solution to solve the problem associated with customising I/O ports. With ‘Flex Module’ technology, they allow the end-user to easily mix and match the components they need. Around the back, our review sample came with a pair of legacy ports (Serial and D-Sub) as well as two DisplayPorts, four USB 3.0 ports, two USB 2.0, three audio ports and a Gigabit Ethernet connector. At the front are two USB 3.0 ports, a card reader and two audio connectors, together with a power button and a DVD writer. Inside there’s enough room for 64GB of RAM (across four memory slots, supporting ECC), and there are four hard drive bays (one of which is used) with options for RAID-1, 0, 5 and 10, with space even for an internal M.2 SSD. 48GB of Samsung DDR4 2133MHz RAM modules were in our system with a Crucial MX300 1TB SSD and a 512GB Samsung PM951 M2 drive. The processor in our bundled computer was an Intel Core i7-6700, a quad-core, 8-thread monster with 8MB cache and a base clock speed of 3.4GHz. That can be swapped for a Xeon E3-1200 v5 series CPU (E3-1280 v5 is available for a premium). There are four PCIe slots – x16, x4 (x16 mechanical) and two x1 – which can accommodate that M2 via an adaptor as well as an Nvidia Quadro M4000 GPU. By default, the P310 comes with Windows 10 Pro but as always, Microsoft offers a downgrade option to Windows 7 Pro. A slew of Lenovo-only applications (Lenovo Solution Advice, Reachit – which is disabled – Shareit, Thinkvantage tools and PowerEngage) are installed alongside a few usual software suspects. Surprisingly enough, all this is powered by a 250W PSU from FSP. Although it sports a respectable 85% efficiency, we’re concerned that it would prove inadequate should the end-user decide to upgrade an existing system – down the line – with more power-hungry components. We’d advise you to opt for the 92% efficient, 400W model instead to give your components more breathing space. We were pleased to see that Lenovo offers wireless connectivity (802.11ac and Bluetooth 4.0) as an affordable option. Let’s talk for a moment about the keyboard. This rarely deserves a mention, but in this case, the KU-0225 that accompanies Lenovo’s workstation is designed to look like an old-school mechanical keyboard (but it’s still a membrane type). It eschews the current design trends by opting for taller keys with a long but mushy travel and a rather wobbly stand. Still, it’s a welcome change from the identikit keyboards that usually land on our desk. We didn’t expect anything but stellar performance from the parts fitted in the P310 that was sent to us. And indeed it performed fabulously on all the benchmarks thrown at it. The PC’s results were as follows: Passmark: 5,390; GPU: 9,806 CPU-Z: Single-thread: 1,971; Multi-thread: 8,009 GeekBench 4: Single-core: 4,804; Multi-core: 14,045; Compute: 59,156 Cinebench R15: OpenGL: 142.12 fps; GPU: 813 points CrystalDiskMark: Read: 2,533MBps; Write: 1,537MBps Early verdict  The P310 is not perfect – far from it – but its imperfections pale in comparison to the genuinely compelling offer that Lenovo has managed to put together here. The design of this workstation is excellent and when you factor in the cost of the Windows 10 Pro operating system, three-year onsite warranty and free delivery, you wonder how on Earth the Chinese PC vendor is making a profit out of this workstation. The test PC sent to us might have different components thrown in, but the underlying chassis remains the same and is a superb testament to the work achieved by the engineering and design teams from Lenovo. Note that a small form factor model of the P310 is also available but is not on sale at Lenovo’s online shop. You can only buy it from one of the many resellers online. We’ve rounded up the best mobile workstations of 2016 ABOUT THE AUTHOR Desire Athow Editor, TechRadar Pro Désiré (Twitter) has been musing and writing about technology since 1997. Following an eight-year stint at ITProPortal.com where he discovered the joys of global techfests, Désiré now heads up TechRadar Pro What is a hands on review? 'Hands on reviews' are a journalist's first impressions of a piece of kit based on spending some time with it. It may be just a few moments, or a few hours. The important thing is we have been able to play with it ourselves and can give you some sense of what it's like to use, even if it's only an embryonic view. For more information, see TechRadar's Reviews Guarantee. Load Comments Tech deals, prizes and latest news Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more! No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 The best Argos Black Friday deals 2016 2 The best Amazon Black Friday deals 2016 3 10 best wireless headphones available today 4 15 best laptops you can buy in 2016 5 PS4 vs Xbox One: which is better? 1 How to protect yourself from the Three hack 2 Elon Musk says his smart solar roof could cost less than a regular roof 3 Apple will finally fix iPhone 6 Plus phones affected by 'touch disease' 4 Apple's Siri could be an insanely useful addition to iMessage, patent shows 5 How to speed up your Wi-Fi TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
MSPU Windows Phone Windows 10 Surface Xbox Enterprise Tip us Settings Text Input: Windows 10 Windows Phone Surface Xbox Enterprise Settings Tip us Forum Text Input: Surface Studio review round-up 2 by Michael Allison  @Mkeallison Nov 18, 2016 at 21:25 GMT2 days ago Microsoft’s Surface line has been on a roll for the past few years, with new devices like the Surface 3 family, Surface Pro 4 and Surface Book being received to wide critical and commercial acclaim. With the new Surface Studio, Microsoft sets its sights on a new category of devices – the All-in-One PC with a “Surface” twist. The Surface Studio has been reviewed by Digital Trends, CNET (FYI: Autoplays video), Engadget and The Verge. You can click the blue links to see their full review or scroll down to read our four in one takeaway for the cliff notes version. Much like a typical Surface, this one is a looker. The sentence, “This is one gorgeous computer.”  sums up the critical opinion of the Surface Studio. It isn’t simply its minimalistic, understated design, or its aluminum “legs”, or even its beautiful screen that make it so, its the combination of all those factors put together that seemingly elevate the device for these reviewers. When it comes to the display, the praise for the Surface Studio is unanimous. Engadget’s Devindra Hardawar  says “Mostly, I appreciate the Surface Studio simply for having a big freaking screen. After spending years writing on ultraportables and reading news apps on smartphones and tablets, I sometimes forget how nice it is to use a large screen where you can have a pile of windows thrown about, or simply view a full-size webpage next to a document for note taking. It might just be me, but I’ve found that bigger displays simply let me be more creative.” Digital Trends’ Matt Smith says that their “Art Director was in love with the display, saying he found it “incredibly clear, the best Windows display [he’s] seen.” The high pixel density, combined with excellent colour accuracy, makes the Studio eligible for color-critical work right out of the box.” The Verge’s Tom Warren has, even more, words of praise for the Surface’s screen, stating that “It’s stunning to look at and it’s truly one of the best desktop monitors I’ve ever used. It makes things feel oddly lifelike because you can’t see the pixels — text, videos, and pictures just look great on this thing.” One of Microsoft’s strong points with their Surface devices (and for the brief period they made them), their Lumia phones has been the quality of the screen. The firm has excelled at pushing out high quality, well calibrated and beautiful screens, and the Surface Studio is clearly no exception. The internals of the device are powerful and impressive, but their outdated status makes their future-proof status doubtful. “That’s actually some old tech for such a futuristic-looking PC. Microsoft has opted for last year’s Intel and Nvidia chips, and its storage isn’t all solid state.” Tom Warren notes in his review, explaining ” This is especially tough to swallow on the GPU front because Nvidia’s 2016 Pascal architecture is miles ahead of its predecessors. Intel and Nvidia’s latest chips simply weren’t ready in time for the Surface Studio, and the storage uses a mix of 128GB SSD with a 2TB hard disk drive. That’s disappointing because even a GTX 1060 would have pushed the Studio into VR gaming, something Microsoft is starting to support directly in Windows 10.” Digital Trends’ Smith continues that thread “As you can see, the hybrid drive just can’t keep up with solid state drives. The Origin Millennium was ten times quicker in read speeds. Even the Avant, which had a humble (by modern standards) SATA-connected SSD, was several times quicker than the Surface Studio. We can see this being an area of definite concern for certain users, as the drive’s modest performance could put a crimp on certain workloads. Video editing again seems a prime suspect, as 4K editing can task a drive’s write speeds.”, Finally,  Engadget’s Hardawar notes “The only major downside is the Studio’s slow disk speeds, which stem from its hybrid SSD/mechanical hard drive approach to storage.”  Doubts about the future aside, all have positive things to say about its actual performance in the here and now. The Skylake powered Surface, backed with 32GB of RAM helped run apps even as tasking as Photoshop in a “super-responsive” fashion, being able to juggle “dozens of browser tabs, 4K video playback and Minecraft running with high-quality settings all at once without breaking a sweat.” The Surface Dial similarly proved to be both a boon and a bane. Reviewers unanimously panned the peripheral as an “oddity” which was “limited” in scope and application support. Digital Trends’ Smith opines “The Dial is a lot of fun to use, but app support is limited, and that may prove to be the biggest problem. It can’t do much unless developers get on board. It’s also a $100 add-on (pre-orders get it for free), adding even more to the price of this already expensive PC.”, a thread which is picked up by The Verge, “There are nearly 20 apps on Microsoft’s official list, but even many of those just have basic zoom or scroll controls, or just the ability to adjust the system volume. Impressive Dial support can be found in Sketchable, Drawboard, or Mental Canvas, but I’m disappointed that apps like Photoshop don’t have full Dial support. ” All the talk about the Surface Studio is ultimately unimportant if you aren’t the target audience. Microsoft provided a  huge clue by launching it alongside the Windows 10 Creators Update,and demoed it by showing off art focused apps like Sketchable. The Verge and Digital Trends both engaged the services of artists for their reviews to get an artist’s perspective of it. The Verge’s invited freelance artist Lawrence Mann to have a go at using the Surface Studio. He produced two pieces and went on to say “What astounds me is how close Microsoft have got their experience to what I have already carefully crafted with pieces from three different companies,[ Cintiq, MacBook Pro, and Surface Book combination]”. Mann thought the accuracy and pen lag seemed comparable to Wacom’s Cintiq, but to be fully satisfied with the Studio he’d like to see some improvements elsewhere. He would like to have the ability to rotate the display, along with a more ergonomic stylus, and some extra buttons on the Dial for more than the basic controls. Mann says the Studio has left him with a “lot to think about” in terms of opening his own wallet. “I can safely say as a professional digital artist looking to upgrade my main device, the Surface Studio is certainly the strongest contender so far” Meanwhile, Engadget enlisted the software engineer and webcomic creator Alexander Sapountzis as their case study was similarly impressed “On the downside, he noticed that palm rejection was worse than with the iPad Pro, and the software ring around the Dial had the annoying habit of drifting down the screen, even if the Dial was staying in place at the Studio’s lowest angle. Both of those issues ended up disrupting his creative flow, which is exactly the opposite of how Microsoft wants people to see the computer. The Surface Studio also had difficulty recognising when he wanted to move an image around, which often led to unwanted brushstrokes from his fingers. Overall, he was impressed with the Surface Studio’s size and form factor, but he wasn’t looking to switch anytime soon. As for the issues mentioned, hopefully it’s the sort of thing Microsoft could fix with a software update. We’ve asked the company to comment on whether it’s working on any fixes.” You’ll note that despite all the downsides, both artists came to a very impressed conclusion. – and this is a common thread among all the reviews. CNet sees the device as a beautiful design with a “fantastic” screen, “excellent” colours, the Verge concluded that it is “something unique and a hint of real innovation we haven’t seen for some years with PCs”, and Engadget comments that it is a tool which ” empowers us to work the way we always have, while also giving us entirely new modes of productivity.” The Surface Studio still comes with some downsides, the Surface Dial isn’t standard (much like the Surface Keyboard on the Surface Pros), and app support for it is limited out of the door (though one can expect this to change – at least by a small margin), and it is really, really, expensive. To paraphrase the Digital Trends conclusion, if you end up buying this device – no matter who you are – you’ll love it, but unless you’re an artist or creative type in that field, you won’t truly need it. Microsoft’s Surface Studio ships from next year and you can pre-order it and its accessories from the below links: Surface Studio – $2,999.99 Surface Keyboard – $129.99 Surface Ergonomic Keyboard – $129.99 Surface Mouse – $49.99 Surface Dial – $99.99 Related discussion news review review round-up Surface Surface Dial Surface Keyboard surface pen Surface Studio windows 10 Windows 10 Creators Update Tweet Share 0 Read these next Trending HP rumoured to be working on consumer Windows Phone for February 2017 by Surur 0 Trending MSPoweruser Podcast 22: No Phone Left Behind by Andrew Bennett 0 Trending One year on and Microsoft still makes it hard to be productive on UWP by Michael Allison 0 Trending Windows 10 Build 14971 comes to Windows Insiders by Mehedi Hassan 0 Comments Forums About Us Contact Us Tip Us Submit Articles Community Guidelines Privacy Policy © 2016 MSPoweruser - All rights reservedNot associated with Microsoft   Top
mirrorLoad mobile navigation News UK News World News Weird News Crime Real Life Stories Health MotoringExpand Politics Sport Football Formula 1 Boxing Cricket Horse Racing Row Zed Rugby Union Other Sports Athletics Cycling Darts MMA WrestlingExpandExpand Football Celebs Celebrity News US Gossip Fashion & Beauty Weird Celeb NewsExpand TV & Film Weird News Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Quizzes Sign in Sign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Offers Fantasy Bingo Dating Jobs BuySell Competitions Horoscopes Cartoons Crosswords BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited Home Technology Royal Shakespeare Company Technology Royal Shakespeare Company brings CGI Ariel to the stage in new high-tech production of The Tempest The character of Ariel is recreated as a digital avatar in real time using live performance capture technology  Share  Comments BySophie Curtis 09:35, 19 NOV 2016 Updated09:51, 19 NOV 2016 Technology Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to playTap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch NextLorraine: Alex Jones reflects on the first Childr Watch this video again Watch Next Good Morning Britain: Richard Hammond admits The 0:15 DARK SOULS 3 Launch Trailer2:47 How to test if your microwave is leaking radiation0:37 German students play TETRIS on the side of a univ2:27 Robots taking over the world: Driverless cars cou0:46 DEMO: A look at Instagram's controversial new upd1:10 Here's how Instagram's big change will affect YOU1:10 Grand Theft Auto deer causes chaos in game world0:30 Video will play in Royal Shakespeare Company brings CGI Ariel to the stage Share this video Watch Next  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email A groundbreaking new production of Shakespeare's The Tempest has opened in Stratford upon Avon, which for the first time sees the character of Ariel appear on stage as a digital avatar. The Royal Shakespeare Company has teamed up with Intel and The Imaginarium Studios - the CGI wizards behind films like Rise of the Planet of the Apes and Star Wars: The Force Awakens - to recreate Ariel as a shape-shifting digital sprite. While using technology to create illusion and magic in the theatre is nothing new, this is the first time a digital character has been rendered live on stage in real-time, allowing him to transform from sea nymph into flaming harpy in the blink of an eye. Ariel appears on stage above Prospero (Photo: Intel Corporation) Ariel is not a recording but a live performance by an actor, Mark Quartley. His costume contains sensors that pick up his movements and facial expressions – a technique known as "live performance capture". Real-time data from these sensors is mapped onto a complex digital avatar with 336 joints - the equivalent of every joint in the human body - and then projected out through 27 projectors in high-definition, live on stage. While this kind of cutting-edge technology may sound out-of-place in a traditional Shakespearean production, the RSC's artistic director, Gregory Doran, insists it is very fitting. Mark Quartley pictures wearing a performance capture headset (Photo: Intel Corporation) The Tempest was written in the early 1600s, when Jacobean "masques" were all the rage. These multimedia extravaganzas employed the latest stage machinery and lighting techniques to create spectacular stage effects. The Tempest is also regarded as one of Shakespeare's most magical plays, and it even includes a masque scene, suggesting Shakespeare took inspiration from the elaborate court entertainments. Read More Could holographic televisions be the next big thing? BBC creates amazing experimental device "If Shakespeare were alive today, we believe he would be using the latest technology to bring his characters to life," said Sarah Ellis, head of digital development at the RSC. Ariel in "human" form (Photo: Intel Corporation) Doran makes no attempt to hide the technological aspects of his production from the audience. Even as the digital avatar of Ariel is projected onto the stage, the actor is clearly visible, reinforcing the play's themes of magic and illusion. From a visual perspective, it's breathtaking. Ariel swirls majestically around the stage and looms huge and powerful over his master, Prospero, played by Simon Russell Beale There's something fascinating about seeing Quartley manipulate his digital avatar - in much the same way a puppeteer manipulates a puppet. It gives the performance a feeling of spontaneity that you wouldn't get from a pre-recorded video. Ariel towers over Prospero (Photo: Intel Corporation) However, the technological aspects of the production are not a total success. Despite the vast effort that has gone into faithfully capturing Quartley's performance, some of the details of his movement and expressions are lost in the projection of his image onto gauze curtains in the centre of the stage. Read More Magic mirrors on new MSC Cruises smartships show passengers how clothes will look on them in 3D A lag in the projection also means the avatar often appears out-of-sync with the actor, which breaks the illusion the company is working so hard to create. Ariel is a puppet master to his avatar (Photo: Intel Corporation) It is unfair, of course, to compare live performance capture rendered in real-time on a stage to films and video games that have had months of post-production editing. However, modern audiences are so used to seeing fantastical creatures brought to life in ultra high-definition on the big screen and in video games that it is difficult to overlook the limitations of this production. That is not to take away from the RSC's achievement. Every new technology has a "beta" version, which - although unrefined - contains the kernel of some great innovation. The Tempest View gallery The Imaginarium Studios is already exploring the possibility of using performance capture and projection mapping to create 3D holograms on the stage, rather than just 2D projected images. "Augmented reality within a theatrical space is certainly coming. I think if we were to do this production in five years time it would be a very different thing," said Ben Lumsden, head of studio at The Imaginarium Studios. "Everybody in the auditorium would have a slightly different view – perhaps wearing some glasses and seeing their own version of the show with their own computer graphic that is specifically in tune for that seat in the house." Doran's production of The Tempest may go down in history as the first beta version of live performance capture on stage, but it hints at even more spectacular and exciting things to come. The Tempest is showing at the Royal Shakespeare Theatre in Stratford-upon-Avon until 21 January 2017. It will have a second run at the Barbican Theatre in London from 30 June to 18 August 2017. Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @MirrorTech Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Intel Corporation Royal Shakespeare Company Theatre Shakespeare CGI tech all Most Read Most Recent NintendoNintendo Mini NES Classic Edition: Release date, price, games and how to pre-order Mario's nostalgic new console Nintendo is going back to the glory days with this brand new version of the classic NES console - here's everything you need to know about it Black FridayWhere to find the best Playstation deals online on Black Friday 2016 Have you got your eye on anything in particular for Black Friday? Here's where to find the best deals on Playstation consoles, games and VR headsets Black FridayXbox One Black Friday sale 2016: Xbox Live discounts on digital games Over 130 Xbox One games are getting a price cut of up to 50% for Xbox Live's Black Friday sale. Check out the full list and download a bargain iPhone rumoursiPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's 2017 iPhone Apple has only just launched its iPhone 7, but many eyes are already turning to next year's model, the iPhone 8, which is expected to be Apple's biggest launch in years Royal Shakespeare CompanyRoyal Shakespeare Company brings CGI Ariel to the stage in new high-tech production of The Tempest The character of Ariel is recreated as a digital avatar in real time using live performance capture technology TechnologyEGX 2016: Trying to avoid mass hiss-tyeria in our preview of Snake Pass Does this title scale new heights or should you boa your expectations? We went hands-on with it at Eurogamer Expo, and came up with some quality snake-related puns AirbnbAirbnb moves beyond accommodation with new Trips service that helps you plan your entire holiday Airbnb doesn't just want to help you find somewhere to stay, it wants to plan your entire trip SpaceSpace junk is 'one of humankind's greatest environmental challenges' - and could hinder future space travel 100 million pieces of space junk are orbiting the Earth at speeds of up to 17,398 mph, posing a challenge for future generations who want to work and live in space Royal Shakespeare CompanyRoyal Shakespeare Company brings CGI Ariel to the stage in new high-tech production of The Tempest The character of Ariel is recreated as a digital avatar in real time using live performance capture technology AccessoriesThis case will make your iPhone INDESTRUCTIBLE: Smartphone survives 45-foot drop off a crane without a scratch The cases contain a smart material called Airo Shock that compresses on impact Most Read Most Recent Weird NewsSome people are born with tiny holes above their ears – and this is why No, this has got nothing to do with piercing, it's a strange, rare birth defect Weird NewsMystery sphere spotted zooming past sun by NASA satellites - sparking conspiracy theories over UFOs Other frames in the series do not feature the sphere, nor does any image from October's captures from the mission UK NewsCancer-stricken girl, 4, who reduced world to tears after father posted heartbreaking picture of her suffering has died The shocking picture showed little Jessica Whelan in visible pain as the cancer coursed through her body Celebrity NewsSusan Boyle may NEVER sing live again - as she reveals two-stone weight loss secrets and looks for love SuBo says her Asperger’s syndrome has become so crippling that she is unable to set dates for another tour World newsISIS leader reveals how he feels about beheading prisoners, the future if Mosul falls and missing his CAT Rachid Kassim, linked to a string of terror attacks in Europe, has given a startling frank account of his life in Islamic State AllergiesSix-year-old girl 'allergic to her GARDEN' finally gets taste of great outdoors thanks to incredible backyard makeover Little Savanna Donnison, who has Down’s Syndrome, suffered horrific allergic reactions to the trees and grass outside her home Eden HazardEden Hazard makes 150th Premier League appearance as Chelsea secure away win at Middlesbrough Hazard has been in fine form this season and is the current holder of the Premier League's Player of the Month award as the Blues sit top of the table ATP World Tour FinalsAndy Murray vs Novak Djokovic attracts host of star fans as they play to finish the year as world No.1 Hollywood actors, musicians, models and footballers added glitz to the season-ending ATP World Tour Finals ATP World Tour FinalsAndy Murray vs Novak Djokovic live updates from ATP World Tour Finals showdown at the O2 Djokovic and Murray will meet in Sunday's final at the O2 in London and the equation is simple: whoever wins will end the year as the world's top-ranked player DisabilityScientists believe they have found a cure for deafness by replacing faulty cells in the human ear Researchers hope the treatment could be available for people with hereditary hearing loss within the next five to 10 years Top Stories UK NewsFears for ex-England star after second dinner event cancelled as "very upset" legend hit with "bad news" A promoter claimed Paul Gascoigne had received some 'bad news' and was 'very upset' UK NewsTerrified families barricaded inside pub with children as vicious knife and hammer battle erupts in car park One terrified patron recounted: "It was really scary especially when we had five young children with us and some (of the lads) were trying to get inside" BrexitFurious Boris Johnson blasts 'total lie' that he took WRONG notes to No10 Brexit meeting The bumbling Tory is said to have prompted "groans of disapproval" in Downing Street West Bromwich Albion FCSaido Berahino sent BACK to France fitness camp by West Brom in bid to recover from 'most difficult year' Berahino travelled to the south of France earlier this season and the club say it is the best way forward for him if he returns for another spell ShopliftingShop assistant 'chokes alleged thief on the ground even AFTER she claims to be three months pregnant' A clothes shop worker pinning an alleged thief to the ground attracts jeers and horrified gasps after the woman claims she is pregnant - and he continues to lie on top of her Premier LeagueMiddlesbrough 0-1 Chelsea: Diego Costa strike sends Blues top of the table - 5 things we learned Costa scored the only goal of the game as Antonio Conte's side moved to the top of the Premier League Weird NewsSome people are born with tiny holes above their ears – and this is why No, this has got nothing to do with piercing, it's a strange, rare birth defect DrugsSix-year-old boy exposed to high levels of METH after his parents unknowingly moved into an old drug den The boy's condition only became apparent when his school performance crashed, and it later emerged that authorities knew the home had been a meth lab MonkeysMonkey 'pulls off girl's headscarf sparking violent clashes between mortar-wielding tribes leaving 16 dead and dozens injured' Tanks, mortars and other heavy weapons were used during the four days of violent clashes in the Libyan city of Sabha ImmigrationDetainees at British immigration centre held in isolation amid fears of a TB outbreak Detainees at Yarl's Wood immigration centre in Bedford are in isolation after one woman was taken the hospital with tuberculosis UK News"My princess has grown her angel wings": Dad who shared heartbreaking picture of his girl battling cancer announces she has passed away The shocking picture showed little Jessica Whelan in visible pain as the cancer coursed through her body. Now dad Andy announces she has 'found peace' Heathrow AirportBreaking: Massive fire close to Heathrow Airport sends thick black smoke billowing into the sky Flights departing and arriving at the airport will not be affected, a spokesman confirmed tonight News Politics Football Sport Celebs TV & Film Weird News Quizzes Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Motoring Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
CNET Reviews CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home CNET Smart Home CNET Smart Apartment Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español HolidayBuyer's Guide CNET Computers Laptops eBay Black Friday and Cyber Monday deals loaded with laptops, TVs and drones eBay Black Friday and Cyber Monday deals loaded with laptops, TVs and drones The online auction giant has a long list of "eBay Approved" deals including the Apple iPad Pro tablet, DJI drones and Xbox One and Playstation 4 bundles. eBay Black Friday and Cyber Monday deals loaded with laptops, TVs and drones 0 Laptops by Joshua Goldman November 18, 2016 9:53 AM PST @ByJoshG Up Next Trump presidency fuels heated encryption debate DJI's Phantom 4 will be $899 on eBay for Black Friday.Photo by Joshua Goldman/CNET While it seems every year Best Buy, Target, Walmart and Amazon get all the attention on Black Friday, sites like eBay have plenty of deals, too. As Black Friday approaches, eBay will have a countdown clock to let you know about the latest offers. As always, some deals are better than others, so check out all the Black Friday/Cyber Monday deals just to be sure you're getting the lowest possible price. Black Friday: LG 34-inch Ultra-wide (2560X1080) gaming monitor for $249.99 DJI Phantom 4 for $899 Canon Pixma MX922 Wi-Fi Inkjet All-In-One Printer and Corel PaintShop Pro X8 Bundle for $65.99 Samsung Galaxy Tab A 9.7-inch 32GB tablet for $149.99 Dell XPS 13 touchscreen laptop with a 2.3GHz Intel Core i5-6200U, 8GB RAM, 256GB SSD and Windows 10 Home for $849.99 Samsung 50-inch 4K UHD TV for $399 Samsung UN55KS8000 55-inch 4K UHD TV for $997.99 Samsung UN65KS8000 65-inch 4K UHD TV for $1497.99 Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon 14-inch with an Intel Core i7-6600U, 8GB RAM, 256GB SSD with 3 year warranty for $914.99 39 The best Black Friday 2016 tech deals Cyber Monday: LG 4K UHD 27UD68-P 27-inch LED monitor for $329.99 SAMSUNG 850 EVO 2.5-inch 250GB SATA vertical internal SSD for $69.99 DJI Phantom 3 Professional for $749.00 Xbox One S Gear 1TB console, Xbox One Controller White, Xbox One Deus Ex: Mankind Divided for $299.99 PlayStation 4 Pro console, Watch Dog 2, Street Fighter bundle for $399.99 Apple iPad Pro 12.9-inch 256GB Wi-Fi (all colors) for $649.99 Apple MacBook Air MMGF2LL/A, Intel Core i5, 8GB of RAM, 128GB SSD for $786.99 Apple iMac MK482LL/A, 27-inch 5K, Intel Core i5, 8GB of RAM, 2TB Fusion drive for $1899.99 Asus K556UAK laptop with 15.6-inch full HD display, Intel Core i5-7200, 8GB of RAM, 256GB SSD for $549.99 All Weekend: DJI Phantom Drones are up to 40 percent off select models Share your voice 0 comments Join the conversation Tags Holiday Gift Guide 2016 Black Friday 2016 Laptops TVs Drones Intel LG Samsung CNET Review Microsoft Xbox One It's still not our go-to game console, but Microsoft has significantly improved the Xbox One. $499.99 See it Related Stories Your Eero Wi-Fi system just got smarter -- a lot smarter Teardown of new MacBook Pro shows it's hard to fix Is MacBook Pro perfect? No, but it's worth $3,000 to me Best laptops of 2016 Close   Discuss: eBay Black Friday and Cyber Monday deals... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Trump presidency fuels heated encryption debate Which Apple Watch should you get? How to pick an Apple Watch, and why Series 1 is probably the best bet. by Scott Stein Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Black and white wallpapers for macOS and iOS Jailbreak tweaks of the week: ClearClockView, PullOver, & more… Recap: the top stories of the week on iDB Listen, Later, Firefox Focus, and other apps to check out this weekend   skip to main content skip to main menu     Apple denies throttling LTE performance of Verizon iPhone 7 By Christian Zibreg, Nov 18, 2016 Tweet 17 Comments Bloomberg today shared research conducted by Twin Prime and Cellular Insights in a story suggestively headlined “Apple’s Chip Choices May Leave Some iPhone Users in Slow Lane” which asserts Apple may have throttled LTE performance of the Verizon iPhone 7 handsets to make them perform about as well as the AT&T iPhone 7 models. Apple in a statement shot down the report and denied throttling, insisting there’s “no discernible difference” in wireless performance between various iPhone 7 models. Research is based on data from more than 100,000 smartphones downloading the same image in large U.S. cities. They ran the same tests on Verizon versions of the Galaxy S7 and the iPhone 7, both of which use Qualcomm’s X12 LTE modem chip. Samsung’s phone was about twice as fast as the iPhone 7 running on the same network. Furthermore, the Verizon iPhone 7 was “a little faster” than its AT&T counterpart, but “not as fast as it could be.” Twin Prime’s Gabriel Tavridis thinks that the Verizon iPhone 7 “is not taking advantage” of all of the carrier’s network capabilities, speculating that Apple “could have chosen to not enable certain features” of the Qualcomm chip. Apple responded with a statement denying throttling Verizon iPhone 7 models: Every iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus meets or exceeds all of Apple’s wireless performance standards, quality metrics and reliability testing. In all of our rigorous lab tests based on wireless industry standards, in thousands of hours of real-world field testing, and in extensive carrier partner testing, the data shows there is no discernible difference in the wireless performance of any of the models. Some of the analysts contacted by Bloomberg suspect Apple may have restrained Verizon edition of the iPhone 7 to ensure a uniform experience across iPhone 7 models. “They don’t want one version to get the reputation that it is better,” said Jackdaw Research’s Jan Dawson. “If Apple had a guiding principle it’s that they want to make sure customers were having a consistent performance.” Unlike prior iPhones, the iPhone 7 uses dual-sourced Qualcomm/Intel modems. Specifically, both “A1778” and “A1784“ models of the iPhone 7 use Intel’s LTE chip which supports AT&T and T-Mobile networks, but not CDMA networks used by Verizon, Sprint and a few other carriers. Qualcomm’s X12 chip, however, is the closest thing to a “worldphone” modem. As a result, AT&T and T-Mobile GSM iPhone 7 models cannot be used on Verizon and Sprint’s CDMA network while the Verizon/Sprint iPhone 7 (model “A1660”) works on any of the four U.S. wireless networks. The Qualcomm chip supports LTE speeds of up to 600Mb/s versus 450Mb/s for the Intel chip. Cellular Insights’ Milan Milanovic speculated that Apple didn’t enable a feature of the Qualcomm chip that uses more channels of data simultaneously than its Intel rival in order “to level the playing field between Qualcomm and Intel.” Another analyst thinks Apple may have de-featured the Qualcomm modem because it would be difficult for them to explain to AT&T why Verizon is offering a superior product. Is Apple really hobbling the Verizon iPhone 7 by not taking full advantage of the Qualcomm chip’s capabilities? And do they have some sort of incentive to balance the performance of iPhones across U.S. wireless carriers? Anything is possible, but the wording of Apple’s statement leaves little room for speculation. Other network testing firms that Bloomberg contacted warn that many factors are at play when it comes to measuring LTE speeds reliably. It should also be noted that poor signal strength in areas of weak reception can significantly affect reported LTE speeds. Then, there are differences in CDMA and GSM radio technologies used by Verizon and AT&T networks, for example. The Verizon iPhone was previously found to perform better in low-signal areas because faster low-signal transfer speeds let it maintain a stronger connection than its AT&T counterpart under similar conditions. Source: Bloomberg Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend DigiTimes: Intel to supply at least half of iPhone 7’s faster LTE cellular modems Sprint, Verizon and AT&T announce major LTE expansion AT&T’s LTE is the fastest, Verizon rules coverage Sprint’s 4G LTE will be slower than AT&T’s or Verizon’s Related Topics 4G, Apple, AT&T, Carriers, Cellular, iPhone, iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, LTE, News, Verizon Zack Morris “As a result, AT&T and T-Mobile iPhone 7 models cannot be used on Verizon or Sprint networks, and vice versa.” This isn’t correct. The Sprint and Verizon Iphone 7 phones (A1660) can work on any of the 4 networks. The ATT and Tmobile version cannot. The sprint and verizon phones are the same model that apple sells unlocked without a sim. Also, Apple’s response doesn’t seem to refute what bloomberg is saying. Apple just says their testing has shown all models are about the same. Bloomberg is saying they are about the same because apple has allegedly throttled the a1660 (verizon and sprint) version to be consistent with att’s model. Due to apple’s cryptic reponse, I am thinking their is some merit to this. Interesting… Christian Zibreg Thanks, updated the post t clarify that AT&T and T-Mobile iPhone 7 cannot be used on Sprint and Verizon networks. iBanks Those phones that experienced slower net probably had safety mode enabled that does throttle the net to 128kbs through Verizon itself. Not device specific. techfreak23 Apple took a step back in networking on the 7 by sourcing 2 completely different modems. I understand why they make decisions like that but it sucks that my AT&T 7 can never be used on Verizon as I am considering switching at some point in the next year. 5723alex . You should have bought the unlocked version or the Verizon version to use with AT&T. Utsav Bhattarai no i unlocked my t-mobile iPhone and while tested; it performed phenomenal with a verizon sim card! won’t trust the news posted here anymore Jimmy1259 What do you think is phenomenal? I read a post earlier from a person that thought their speeds were great. I told him on AT&T in the rural area I’m in I can get almost 3x faster. Doesn’t mean you’re not affected. Utsav Bhattarai https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/03c9be8312d54d0087448cdf94aa569536dc8b96d7ca2ed9e83d8c3ca003cb49.jpg ￼ If you read the part in the article which clearly states” As a result At&t and T-Mobile GSM iPhone 7 models…… Wireless networks”, which clearly contradicts to my usage. When I swapped the sim after unlocking my phone, I was able to use phone calls, internet and messages and every thing with out any hiccups. So being able to use my phone normally is what phenomenal for me. Jimmy1259 Apologies. I thought you meant your download speed was phenomenal. Utsav Bhattarai Its all good. Thank you. I believe that download speeds depends in the area you happen to be in like you mentioned earlier. Jimmy1259 That is true about the area you’re in. Also standing in the same spot at different times of the day can make a difference. My first test showed approx 90 down and around 10 up. Later in the same spot I showed approx 60 down and around 15 up. BasedOnAir what about iPhone 6S a1688? Would that work on Verizon? Jimmy1259 Sorry, but I don’t know. BasedOnAir Do you happen to know if a T-Mobile iPhone 6S a1688 will work on Verizon if it’s unlocked? Utsav Bhattarai I have been using T-Mobile for years, and Everytime I unlocked any model, my spare Verizon sim has always been the best friend to test the unlock. So answering your question, yes it will. BasedOnAir Good to know! Thank you for taking the time to reply. Utsav Bhattarai You’re welcome.   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Black and white wallpapers for macOS and iOS Jailbreak tweaks of the week: ClearClockView, PullOver, & more… Recap: the top stories of the week on iDB One day only: we’re dropping the price on this beginner-friendly iOS 10 training to just $29 Claridges hotel launches Jony Ive-designed Christmas tree festive installation   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: ClearClockView, PullOver, & more… PullOver lets you pin an app to your screen for easier multitasking Jailbreak tweaks of the week: EmojiSuggest, PasswordRecovery, & more… EmojiSuggest brings iOS 10-like emoji suggestions to the predictive keyboard WiJoin lets you know what Wi-Fi network you’re connected to iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2016. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
Menu Skip to content Home About Me Publications Andreas Gal Entrepreneur. Technologist. Former CTO Mozilla Post navigation ← Will anyone in the GOP oppose a white supremacist in the White House? AI silicon vs AI software Posted on November 18, 2016 by Andreas under Silk Labs There is a lot of activity in the neural network hardware space. Intel just bought Nervana for $400m and Movidius for an undisclosed amount. Both make dedicated silicon to run and train neural networks. Most other chipset vendors I have talked to are similarly interested in adding direct support for neural networks to future chips. I think there is some risk in this approach. Here is why. Most of the time executing a neural network is spent in massive matrix operations such as convolution and matrix multiplication. The state of the art is to use GPUs to do these operations because GPUs have a lot of ALUs and are well optimized for massively data parallel tasks. If you spent time optimizing neural networks for GPUs (we do!), you probably know that a well optimized engine achieves about 40-90% efficiency (ALU utilization). Dedicated neural network silicon aims to raise that to 100%, which is great, but in the end a 2x speedup only. The problematic part is that chipset changes have a long lead time (2-3 years), and you have to commit today to the architectures of tomorrow. And thats where things get tricky. A paper published earlier this year showed that neural networks can be binarized, which reduces the precision of weights to 1 bit (-1, 1). Slow and energy inefficient floating point math turns into very efficient binary math (XNOR), which speeds up the network on existing commodity silicon by 400% with a very small loss in precision. Commodity GPUs support this because they are relatively general purpose computers. Dedicated neural network silicon is much more likely designed for a specific compute mode. In the last 12 months or so alone we have seen dramatic advances in our understanding how to train and evaluate neural networks. Binarization is just one of them, and its fair to expect that over the next 2-3 years similarly impactful advances will be published. Committing to hardware designs based on today’s understanding of neural networks is ill advised in my opinion. My recommendation to chipset vendors is to beef up their GPUs and DSPs, and support a wide range of fixed point and floating point resolutions in a fairly generic manner. Its more likely that that will cover what we’ll want from silicon over the next 2-3 years. Share this: Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Tumblr Email Like this: Like Loading... Related Bookmark the permalink. Post navigation ← Will anyone in the GOP oppose a white supremacist in the White House? Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Blog at WordPress.com. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
null
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Business More News Features Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger Patrick Norton More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best Of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Podcasts > Close to the Metal Ep. 21: Whoa, 2-in-1s are… Close to the Metal Ep. 21: Whoa, 2-in-1s are suddenly good By Matt Smith — November 15, 2016 9:57 AM Please enable Javascript to watch this video Subscribe on YouTube Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends With the Ultrabook initiative successful and behind it, Intel and the PC industry is moving on to the next challenge — the 2-in-1. This is vague term covers a very wide variety of laptops that can also serve as tablets. Some have a detachable keyboard, like the Surface Pro 4. Others have a 360-degree display hinge, like the Lenovo Yoga 910. This category has faced an uphill battle. It’s not easy to pack a touchscreen, powerful hardware, and a big battery into one package. We’ve reviewed many 2-in-1s poorly, and those that do are almost universally expensive. Until now. A number of new, high-profile 2-in-1 computers are hitting the market this season. While many of them are still relatively expensive, prices have come down a bit, putting most into the $800 to $1,100 range for a machine with impressive specifications. That’s a leap forward. Past 2-in-1 systems were often both expensive and not particularly quick. More: Has laptop battery life really improved? We tested At the same time, battery life is improving. Older devices often struggled to fit a 40 watt-hour battery, but now we’re seeing systems with 50-watt, 60-watt, and larger units. Stepping up battery size is still the last word in extending battery life, and it has allowed the best 2-in-1s to leap forward from merely adequate endurance, to portability that’s as good as the best conventional laptops. All of that makes it look like this holiday shopping season is a good time to buy a 2-in-1. But have they come far enough to consider buying one instead of a conventional laptop, and are there hidden problems to avoid? We’ll take a closer look in this week’s episode. Close to the Metal is a podcast from Digital Trends that focuses on the geekier side of life. It tackles the topics PC enthusiasts argue over in language everyone can understand. Please subscribe, share, and send your questions to podcast@digitaltrends.com. We broadcast the show live on YouTube every Tuesday at 1pm EST/10am PST.
About Us   Log in or Register!   Top News U.S. News World News Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News The Almanac Business Security Industry Energy Industry Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Opinion Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive Home / Odd News Disney World deploys 300 drones for holiday light show By Daniel Uria   |   Nov. 18, 2016 at 1:06 PM Follow @oddnewsupi Comments ORLANDO, Fla., Nov. 18 (UPI) -- Disney World has implemented hundreds of drones to illuminate the sky for a special holiday light show. The new show known as "Starbright Holidays -- An Intel Collaboration" features 300 illuminated drones choreographed to create images including a Christmas tree, birds and others while holiday music plays in the background. "'Starbright Holidays -- An Intel Collaboration' showcases the latest innovation in storytelling and spellbinding experiences to set your holiday season aglow at Walt Disney World Resort," Disney Parks said. The 5-minute production is the largest drone performance in the United States and is scheduled to take place regularly at the Disney Springs shopping center "later this holiday season," the Orlando Sentinel reported. The Styrofoam Intel Shooting Star drones weigh about as much as a volleyball and are equipped with LED lights capable of creating 4 billion color combinations. "We are excited to work with Walt Disney Imagineering to bring a fresh and innovative approach to its world-renowned light shows," Josh Walden, senior vice president and general manager of Intel's New Technology Group told WPTV. "Together, we worked to tackle the new frontier of entertainment, picturing the sky as our canvas, and flying lights as ink." Like Us on Facebook for more stories from UPI.com   Related UPI Stories Man uses drone to rescue crashed drone from Detroit rooftop Australian man faces $9,000 fine for using drone to deliver a sausage Drone photographer helps man rescue brother from flooded North Carolina home Comments Topics: Drones Latest Headlines Swedish labor union opens 'mansplaining' hotline for frustrated women 18 hours ago STOCKHOLM, Sweden, Nov. 19 (UPI) -- A Swedish trade union has set up a hotline for women to call and vent about "mansplaining," when condescending male coworkers over-explain something a woman. FBI seek 'Spelling Bee Bandit' known for leaving misspelled 'robery' notes 1 day ago BOSTON, Nov. 19 (UPI) -- The FBI is offering a reward for information leading to the capture of a man known as "The Spelling Bee Bandit" wanted in a string of thefts. Airport malfunction fills California streets with flame retardant foam 1 day ago SAN JOSE, Calif., Nov. 19 (UPI) -- Flame retardant foam spilled out onto the streets of California after a malfunction at a local airport hangar. Tow truck cleaning up Kansas crash scene hit by train 1 day ago WICHITA, Kan., Nov. 18 (UPI) -- A Kansas driver's dashboard camera captured a tow truck driver's lucky escape from injury when his vehicle was hit by a train. Bear cub attempts to use playground swing in Siberian town 1 day ago KOLPASHEVO, Russia, Nov. 18 (UPI) -- A resident of a Siberian town captured video of a brown bear cub attempting to mount a swing at a snowy playground. Mother and daughter baffled by dead deer in shopping cart inside Walmart 1 day ago SHORT PUMP, Va., Nov. 18 (UPI) -- A Virginia mother and daughter on a trip to the store captured photos of an unusual sight even by Walmart standards -- a gutted deer carcass in a shopping cart. News anchor's attempt to draw a cannon goes phallically wrong 2 days ago SEATTLE, Nov. 18 (UPI) -- A Seattle news anchor is going viral after her attempt at drawing a cannon during a game demonstration resulted in a far more suggestive image. Suspected great white shark makes rare appearance in Oregon river 2 days ago ASTORIA, Ore., Nov. 18 (UPI) -- A pair of men catching crabs in Oregon caught video of a rare sight -- a suspected great white shark in the Columbia River. Fire crews rescue puppies from Florida cemetery 2 days ago MIAMI, Nov. 18 (UPI) -- Fire crews in Miami discovered an adorable surprise when they found a group of puppies in a local cemetery. Bear brutally mauls picnic table at Michigan state park 2 days ago PORCUPINE WILDERNESS MOUNTAINS STATE PARK, Mich., Nov. 18 (UPI) -- Officials at a state park in Michigan's Upper Peninsula shared photos of the aftermath of a large bear's brutal attack on an innocent picnic table. Trending Stories Suspected great white shark makes rare appearance in Oregon river Tow truck cleaning up Kansas crash scene hit by train Polar bear petting dog caught on camera in Manitoba Wrong-number text leads strangers to visit newborn in hospital FBI seek 'Spelling Bee Bandit' known for leaving misspelled 'robery' notes UPI More Collections Popular American brands in China Rio Olympics: Best of Beach Volleyball 2016 NY Comic Con Rio Olympics: Hugs and kisses 2015 Most revealing red carpet looks Go Topless Pride Parade [NSFW] Celebrating the bikini at 70 Notable Deaths of 2016 Celebrities turning 50 in 2016 Top 10 U.S. prison escapes ABOUT UPI United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. A Spanish version of the site reaches millions of readers in Latin America and beyond. UPI was founded in 1907 by E.W. Scripps as the United Press (UP). It became known as UPI after a merger with the International News Service in 1958, which was founded in 1909 by William Randolph Hearst. Today, UPI is owned by News World Communications. It is based in Washington, D.C., and Boca Raton, Fla. EXPLORE UPI.com UPI is your trusted source for ... Top News Entertainment News Odd News Business News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy Resources Security Industry Archives Follow UPI Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram Pinterest Linkedin RSS Newsletter Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY Copyright © 2016 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. UPI.com is your trusted source for world news, top news, science news, health news and current events. We thank you for visiting us and we hope that we will be your daily stop for news updates.
SCOUT 2017 DT Josh Rogers (Gabe Brooks / SCOUT) Sooner Intel: Calling on Calvin Thibodeaux Bob Przybylo Friday at 8:55 AM Intel returns with a look at OU's defensive line targets. The Sooner Intel, created by Bob Przybylo in 2011, is an inside look into Oklahoma football and basketball recruiting and is solely for Sooners Illustrated subscribers. It is a sneak peek into what’s happening with OU recruiting and is not to be distributed anywhere else. Not sure this is what Oklahoma defensive line coach Calvin Thibodeaux had in mind when accepting the job with the Sooners, but it has been a whirlwind of a first year. Think everybody knew it would be tough for Thibodeaux to gain traction on the recruiting trail with OU going with its third defensive line coach in as many years. He was going to have to start from scratch and make it happen. What nobody could have predicted was just how insane the year on the field would be. From injuries to suspensions to people leaving the team, Thibodeaux hasn’t had time to worry about recruiting and has had to make sure he can field a defensive line on Saturdays. *Charles Walker (elected to not return to team) *Matt Dimon (removed from roster) *D.J. Ward (minor injuries) *Matt Romar (concussion) *Amani Bledsoe (one-year suspension) *Marquise Overton (fractured foot, medical redshirt) *Du’Vonta Lampkin (six-game suspension) What’s a first-year coach to do? Somehow he has kept it together, while at the same seeing younger players like Lampkin and Neville Gallimore grow and senior Austin Roberts come up big. Somehow Jordan Wade has been the rock to keep it all together and somehow the defensive line remains a pretty strong point to the defense. So kudos on that, Thibodeaux, now hit the recruiting trail. This was a tough week for OU in that regard with Scout 300 prospects Hunter Echols and Greg Rogers basically saying “thanks but no thanks” to being with SoonerSquad17. Echols will stay committed to USC, while Rogers seems destined to stay out west. He hasn’t made his decision public yet, but he’s let the schools know and OU knows to keep searching. And searching Thibodeaux will do. He has one commitment locked up in Tulsa (Okla.) Memorial’s Isaiah Thomas, a Scout 300 prospect. How’s the rest of that class going to be filled out? Some names to watch in the next couple of months. http://www.scout.com/player/196348-josh-rogers?s=73 Houston Christian’s Josh Rogers Rogers has been one of the favorites for a while for the Sooners and everything seems to be trending upward with Rogers and OU. Listed as a defensive tackle, Rogers seems to be the fit OU is hoping for at defensive end. He hasn’t made a trip to Norman yet but plans on doing so in two weeks for Bedlam when Oklahoma State is in town. If OU can impress there, it might be too much for any other school to do in the race. http://www.scout.com/player/184153-joe-anderson?s=73 Wesson (Miss.) Copiah-Lincoln’s Joe Anderson A name that has surfaced recently is Anderson. Committed to Houston since October, he had a bevy of big-time offers before choosing the Cougars. Thibodeaux seems to be reaching out to try to make this happen, and Anderson would be an answer at defensive end. http://www.scout.com/player/162908-lee-autry?s=73 Fulton (Miss.) Itawamba’s Lee Autry Once again, another junior college name that’s only being talked about here recently. Autry is committed to Mississippi State and would clearly one of the defensive tackles Thibodeaux would like to pursue. Hard to gauge his interest or Anderson’s at this point as an offer has not been officially made to either one of them. http://www.scout.com/player/205845-tyreece-lott?s=73 Ardmore (Okla.) Tyreece Lott When in doubt, stay local. Lott is the best of the bunch remaining in OKPreps. At 6-foot-3 and 265 pounds, he seems like someone who could blossom into a defensive tackle prospect. His recruitment is about to take off, following an offer by Kansas. Sooners Illustrated has not had a chance to check out Lott in person. Holy Grail http://www.scout.com/player/162908-lee-autry?s=73 Houston Bellaire Episcopal’s Marvin Wilson He’s still out there. Still. After all these months, the No. 1-ranked defensive tackle has not committed anywhere or even been anywhere close to making a decision. He’s visited Texas A&M, Texas, Florida State (officially), is heading to LSU this weekend but no school seems to be like the odds on favorite. If OU can somehow get him back on campus for Bedlam, it could erase some of the memories from the official visit Ohio State weekend.   Share on Facebook  Share on Twitter Trending on Scout Video: Bob Stoops after 56-28 win Video: Joe Mixon leads 'Boomer Sooner' chant A LOT OF UGLY IN LONGHORNS' LOSS TO KANSAS OU's Baker Mayfield delivering on promise Doolittle's heroics not enough for OU Sooners Illustrated Top Stories Video: Joe Mixon leads 'Boomer Sooner' chantOU's Joe Mixon leads 'Boomer Sooner' chant after 56-28 win at West Virginia. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedYesterday at 10:30 PM Breaking News OU beatdown in MorgantownThe bear was poked, and OU responded with a 56-28 emphatic win at West Virginia. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedYesterday at 10:16 PM Video: Bob Stoops after 56-28 winOU coach Bob Stoops talks about 56-28 win at West Virginia by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedYesterday at 9:43 PM Sooner Intel: Kamren Curl Intel returns with an update OU's most recent offer, Kamren Curl. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedFriday at 8:51 AM Five questions: West Virginia Breaking down West Virginia with Kevin Kinder. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedThursday at 10:50 AM OU's Baker Mayfield delivering on promiseOU quarterback Baker Mayfield has delivered on his promise after Ohio State game. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedWednesday at 9:07 AM OU's road to CFP playoff a daunting one OU's road to the college football playoff is not a smooth road but not impossible. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedTuesday at 7:15 PM Quoteboard: OU 56, West Virginia 28 Some of the best quotes from OU's big 56-28 win at West Virginia. by Bob Przybylo Sooners Illustrated2:16 AM LIVE Game Chat: OU at West VirginiaIt's the biggest game of the season. No. 9 OU at No. 14 West Virginia. Come along for the ride. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedFriday at 8:19 PM Doolittle's heroics not enough for OUKristian Doolittle's shot not enough for OU as Sooners squander 18-point lead and lose in overtime to UNI. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedFriday at 7:07 PM Sooner Intel: Justin Broiles Intel returns with an update on OU commit Justin Broiles. by Bob Przybylo Sooners IllustratedFriday at 8:47 AMLoad More NCAA Teams Forums Basketball BB Recruiting Football FB Recruiting JC Football NFL Teams Forums Fantasy News Free Agents Draft MLB Teams Forums News Top Prospects Scouting Home Handy Cooking Gardening Tailgater More Hunting Fishing Warrior Golf NBA High School Other App Membership Tickets FOX Sports Sign In Sign Up Back To Top Twitter Facebook Instagram RSS Feed About Advertisers Press Help Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Service Jobs © 2016 Scout.com All rights reserved Javascript must be enabled to view this page.
Skip to content Satellite Press Releases pr @ satprnews.com Global IoT Processors Market by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2021 IoT Processors Global Market – The research report highlights market research and industry analysis driven by in-depth business relevant news. PUNE, INDIA, November 18, 2016 /EINPresswire.com/ — IoT Processors Market: This report studies IoT Processors in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India, focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering ARM Atmel VIA Technologies Cisco Freescale Intel Ericsson AMD NVIDIA Qualcomm Texas Instruments Marvell IBM Samsung Xilinx Supermicro Request Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/751435-global-iot-processors-market-research-report-2016 Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue, market share and growth rate of IoT Processors in these regions, from 2011 to 2021 (forecast), like North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India Split by product type, with production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into Type I Type II Type III Split by application, this report focuses on consumption, market share and growth rate of IoT Processors in each application, can be divided into Application 1 Application 2 Application 3 Access Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/751435-global-iot-processors-market-research-report-2016 Table of Contents 7 Global IoT Processors Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 7.1 ARM 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.1.2 IoT Processors Product Type, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Type I 7.1.2.2 Type II 7.1.3 ARM IoT Processors Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 Atmel 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.2.2 IoT Processors Product Type, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Type I 7.2.2.2 Type II 7.2.3 Atmel IoT Processors Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.3 VIA Technologies 7.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.3.2 IoT Processors Product Type, Application and Specification 7.3.2.1 Type I 7.3.2.2 Type II 7.3.3 VIA Technologies IoT Processors Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.4 Cisco 7.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.4.2 IoT Processors Product Type, Application and Specification 7.4.2.1 Type I 7.4.2.2 Type II 7.4.3 Cisco IoT Processors Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.5 Freescale 7.5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.5.2 IoT Processors Product Type, Application and Specification 7.5.2.1 Type I 7.5.2.2 Type II 7.5.3 Freescale IoT Processors Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.6 Intel 7.6.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.6.2 IoT Processors Product Type, Application and Specification 7.6.2.1 Type I 7.6.2.2 Type II 7.6.3 Intel IoT Processors Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.6.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.7 Ericsson 7.7.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.7.2 IoT Processors Product Type, Application and Specification 7.7.2.1 Type I 7.7.2.2 Type II 7.7.3 Ericsson IoT Processors Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.7.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.8 AMD 7.8.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.8.2 IoT Processors Product Type, Application and Specification 7.8.2.1 Type I 7.8.2.2 Type II 7.8.3 AMD IoT Processors Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.8.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.9 NVIDIA 7.9.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.9.2 IoT Processors Product Type, Application and Specification 7.9.2.1 Type I 7.9.2.2 Type II 7.9.3 NVIDIA IoT Processors Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.9.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.10 Qualcomm 7.10.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.10.2 IoT Processors Product Type, Application and Specification 7.10.2.1 Type I 7.10.2.2 Type II 7.10.3 Qualcomm IoT Processors Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.10.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.11 Texas Instruments 7.12 Marvell 7.13 IBM 7.14 Samsung 7.15 Xilinx 7.16 Supermicro …CONTINUED Buy this Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=751435 NORAH TRENT Wise Guy Reports +91 841 198 5042 email us here Author: Monika Donimirska Editor View all posts by Monika Donimirska Author Monika DonimirskaPosted on November 18, 2016November 18, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Fógraíonn an tAire Creed Tosú Athbhreithnithe Eacnamaíocha ar Earnáil Rásaíocht Chapall Úma na hÉireann Next Next post: Development Program for automated process control systems at Gazprom’s facilities approved for 2017–2021 Search for: Search Recent Posts Alexandra's Announces a Much Anticipated Winter Holiday Sale: November 25th and 26th, 2016 Modern Hospitality Tips for the Holidays With Chef Whitney Miller Raw Paws All Natural Treats Partners With Amazon via Seller Fulfilled Prime Fiat Chrysler Automobiles Celebrates 7.8 Billion YouTube Music Video Views With Two-minute Commercial During 2016 American Music Awards Tonight (Sunday, November 20) Coast Guard, locals save 6 from boat sinking off New Bedford, MA Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 September 2013 June 2013 March 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 July 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 April 2010 March 2010 August 2009 January 1970 Categories Satellite Space Flights Uncategorized VSAT Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Satellite Press Releases Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Intel Corporation Is Preparing a Core i3 7350K Gaming Chip Chipzilla is bringing a cool new feature to its desktop Core i3 processor lineup. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Nov 18, 2016 at 9:00AM Microprocessor giant Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) is expected to refresh its desktop personal computer processor lineup early next year with offerings based on its Kaby Lake architecture. Image source: Intel.  Although these parts have yet to be formally announced, online retailer Bottom Line Telecommunications recently listed the various Kaby Lake-based desktop processors for pre-order (something first spotted by various tech press outlets). Most of the chips listed are direct replacements for the current generation Skylake processors, but there is at least one model that appears to be a new product -- the dual-core Core i3 7350K. An unlocked Core i3 processor emerges For years now, Intel has offered what it has called K versions of its desktop processors. These chips are based on the same designs as their non-K counterparts, but these chips can be run at higher speeds than what they are rated for by Intel. This practice, known as overclocking, is not relevant to most PC users, but it is quite popular among gamers and other PC enthusiasts. Intel had previously offered K versions of its Core i5 and Core i7 processors but not the Core i3 lineups. The rationale behind such a product Intel K processors tend to command slight premiums relative to their non-K counterparts. That premium is nice for Intel, because it doesn't cost the company any more to manufacture those chips, so margins on these products are a bit higher. Additionally, consumers are willing to pay for it, because they know that they can extract significantly more performance out of the chip via overclocking. Additionally, Intel is specifying the Core i3 7350K to run at 4.2GHz speed out of the box -- modestly faster than the Core i3 7320 (also listed at Bottom Line Telecommunications) and its 4.1GHz rating. Not only is Intel allowing users to run these K processors at higher speeds, the company also appears to be rating them at higher speeds from the get-go. This way, even users who have no intention of overclocking their processors may still want to pay the premium for these offerings due to their faster speeds straight out of the box. This should boost average selling prices I suspect that the reason that Intel held off on putting out unlocked Core i3 processors in the past was the concern that such chips would cannibalize sales of its higher-priced Core i5 processors. Indeed, many games still don't make good use of more than two processor cores, so a super-fast dual-core chip like the Core i3 7350K could be more desirable to gamers than a more expensive quad-core chip. However, I suspect that Intel's marketing department concluded that people (including enthusiasts/gamers) are going to buy Core i3 processors anyway, so why not find a way to sell those same processors for more money, improving gross profit margin? Additionally, since the Core i3 chips plug into the same motherboards as the Core i5 and Core i7 chips, Intel might be betting on buyers of the upcoming Core i3 7350K potentially upgrading to Core i5 or Core i7 processors down the line. My guess is that the net effect of the Core i3 7350K launch will be a slight improvement in Intel's desktop processor average selling prices as a mix-shift up to the 7350K among gamers/PC enthusiasts more than offsets a slight cannibalization of Core i5 processor sales.  Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Nov 18, 2016 at 9:00AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.95 down $0.07 (-0.20%) Read More Which of These Companies Could Buy InvenSense? This Threat to Intel Corporation Probably Isn't Real Intel Corporation Needs to Hustle on 10-Nanometer Server Chips Intel Corporation's Internet of Things Business Delivers Strong Growth Better Buy: Micron Technology, Inc. vs. Intel Corp. Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad The coldest handshake: Barack Obama and Vladimir Putin photographed in brief and very frosty exchange at Peru summit - amid angry clashes over Syria and Russian support for Trump Melania and Barron Trump 'WON'T move to the White House so he can finish school in NYC' - threatening years of nightmarish traffic and security checks for shoppers near Trump Tower  What blind trust? Donald Trump meets with Indian business partners and his three children a week AFTER being elected despite conflict of interest promises Senior officials 'call for the director of the NSA be removed from his position over security lapses' Horrific moment a children's hospital in Aleppo is bombed for the second time in a WEEK as workers desperately scramble to rescue babies in incubators Winter IS coming: Storm brings first snow of the season and icy winds in the Northeast as temperatures dip into the twenties Putin to ask Trump's permission to bomb Syria: Russian ambassador to London says airstrikes are 'diplomacy backed by force'   'It was like living in Disneyland': Pablo Escobar's son talks about a childhood of luxury while his drug boss father became the world's most wanted man Fans outraged as Kanye West storms out of ANOTHER gig just ten minutes in after rant blasting 'old a**' Hillary, Mark Zuckerberg's 'lies', 'winning-obsessed Beyonce and Jay-Z 'who has hit-men' Prince's squabbling siblings put aside their fight over his $300m inheritance to pay tribute to him at the AMAs Donations to the Clinton Foundation plummeted amid Hillary's failed run for the presidency  FBI arrest 'female kidnapper' after ransom is paid for woman abducted from her Washington home - who STILL remains missing 'My sister staged her engagement to interrupt my vows!' Married couples reveal the shocking ways their wedding was ruined by the guests Can YOU spot the odd one out? Only true perfectionists can see the tiny differences in these sequences Decorated soldier, 21, is found dead in barracks at Fort Bragg  Indiana city renames Columbus Day and Good Friday to be more 'culturally sensitive' President-elect Trump doubles down in attacks on Hamilton - now saying the popular show isn't worth watching - as pro-Pence rallies are held outside theater despite star support for under-fire cast 'So, I heard you went to Hamilton, Mike': Alec Baldwin portrays a clueless President Trump who bullies Pence, asks SIRI about ISIS and holds awkward meeting with Romney in scathing SNL skit  Romney swallows his pride: 'Choker' Mitt embraces the man he called 'a phony, racist and bigot' in election war-of-words as Trump dangles prospect of White House job during another busy day of transition Come all ye faithful: Donald Trump and Mike Pence go to church in Bedminster before meeting Giuliani, Christie and Rahm Emanuel's Hollywood agent brother for more transition team talks White Lives Matter activists clash with anti-Trump protesters in Texas as cops arrest eight Trump meets with controversial school reformer Michelle Rhee - who fired 241 teachers in 2010 - as she is considered for Secretary of Education in his Cabinet Meet the Oxford-trained actor who delivered Hamilton cast's powerful message to Pence and told President-elect Trump 'conversation is not harassment' Percolator protest! Republican voters fight election backlash by telling Starbucks baristas their name is 'Trump' so they have to shout the name when their cup of Joe is ready Previous Next National security adviser pick Michael Flynn sat in on intelligence briefings while advising foreign clients Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn, national security adviser to President-elect Donald Trump, attended intelligence briefings while he lobbied for foreign clients The Flynn Intel Group lobbies for a Dutch company with a well-to-do Turkish owner  and other unnamed, international businesses Flynn will be ending his registering as a lobbyist in compliance with a mandate Trump instituted this week And he didn't attend Trump's highly classified briefing this week Past lobbying as he advised Trump has given rise to ethics complaints  By Francesca Chambers, White House Correspondent For Dailymail.com Published: 09:55 EST, 18 November 2016 | Updated: 19:08 EST, 18 November 2016 e-mail 83 shares 93 View comments Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn, national security adviser to President-elect Donald Trump, sat in on intelligence briefings, even as he lobbied for foreign clients. The Flynn Intel Group lobbies for a Dutch company whose Turkish owner runs with that country's resident, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Yahoo News reports, and other unnamed, international businesses. Flynn will be ending his registration as a lobbyist in compliance with a mandate Trump instituted this week barring all incoming administration officials from lobbying for five years after their service to him ends. The ex-military and intelligence official was allowed to lobby on behalf of his clients over the summer while he advised Trump, then the Republican nominee for president, giving rise to ethics complaints. New job: Flynn has been a close adviser to Trump throughout the presidential campaign and has worked with him on national security issues during the transition. He is pictured above at Trump Tower on Thursday Good day? Retired Lt General Michael Flynn (pictured left on Thursday at Trump Tower) has been offered a job as national security adviser to president-elect Donald Trump (right) Executive Director of the Project on Government Oversight Danielle Brian told Yahoo News it is 'deeply disturbing' that Flynn, who was offered the National Security Adviser post in the new administration, continued his work as a lobbyist while he receiving classified information. 'It’s exactly the kind of foreign entanglements our laws are designed to prevent,' she said.   The exact nature of Flynn's firm's work is unknown.  Flynn's lawyer told Yahoo in a statement that the organization is a 'private business intelligence company' with 'international and domestic clients.' It lobbies on behalf of Innova BV, a Holland-based business owned by Ekim Alptekin of Turkey, and other undisclosed companies overseas. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Trump meets the Japanese Prime Minister with Ivanka and... Trump offers retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn job as National... Now Trump is set to meet with Mitt Romney ¿ amid reports the... Democratic senator congratulates Gen. Mike Flynn for snaring... Share this article Share 83 shares Attorney Robert Kelley shared a statement from Flynn that said: 'If I return to government service, my relationship with my company will be severed, in accordance with the policy announced by President-elect Trump.'  Flynn, the Director of the Pentagon's Defense Intelligence Agency from 2012 to 2014, was also paid to travel to Russia within the past year.  He sat at a table with Vladimir Putin at a dinner celebrating the state-run Russia Today television channel. He admitted to Yahoo that he was paid by his speakers bureau to attend the 10th anniversary event but did not disclose the amount. 'If this is true, it’s a disqualifying conflict of interest — if not by ethics laws, certainly in the spirit of conflict of interest, not to mention security regulations,' a retired military officer told Yahoo of Flynn's dual titles of lobbyist and Trump adviser. 'We should be deeply concerned about his ethical judgment, but more specifically how can he possibly provide unbiased advice to the POTUS about Turkey and Russia, when he’s taken money from both.' The retired three star general has been a close adviser to Trump throughout the presidential campaign and has worked with him on national security issues during the transition. They are pictured above in September Flynn was no fly on the wall in the secret-level briefings that Trump was authorized to receive once he became the GOP's nominee for president.  Two briefers, and two other sources who heard about Flynn's behavior second hand, told NBC the former Pentagon official kept interrupting and wouldn't stop until transition head Chris Christie told him to pipe down. Christie, who is now just a vice chair on Trump's team, having been replaced last Friday by Vice President-elect Mike Pence, said the report was a 'complete work of fiction.'  Flynn said it was 'total bulls***'.  Trump is now receiving the same top secret daily briefing as the president but Flynn did not sit in on the first one on Tuesday a source with knowledge of the meeting told Yahoo.  Read more: Michael Flynn, Trump¿s reported pick for national security adviser, sat in on intel briefings ¿ while advising foreign clients What Really Happened at Donald Trump's Intelligence Briefing - NBC News Share or comment on this article e-mail 83 shares Most watched News videos Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Girl won right to be frozen just days before dying Scrapped! 'Trump' backpedals from campaign promises in SNL skit Angry Trump supporter argues with Starbucks employee Married woman shamed in Kenya after lover gets stuck inside her Hamilton cast deliver message directly to audience member Mike Pence The best gift of all: Come home for Xmas with Heathrow Airport NASA camera picks up glowing pink 'UFO' above earth Enemies no more? Romney meets with Trump to discuss cabinet post Viral video shows adorable moment a polar bear pets a dog Supermodel Gigi Hadid fights off man who grabs her at Milan show Romney leaves after meeting with President-elect Trump Romney sucks it up: 'Choker' Mitt embraces the man he called... Percolator protest! Republican voters fight election... Melania and Barron Trump 'WON'T move to the White House so... 'It's highly overrated': President-elect Trump doubles down... 'So, I heard you went to Hamilton, Mike': Alec Baldwin... 'It made us cry some more': Gold Star family of soldier... President-elect attacks Hamilton saying Mike Pence was... 'I told her it was OK to close her eyes and go to sleep and... Left to paddle to their deaths: Uncle and another man are... Strip clubs, drag shows... And the KKK: Troubling politics... All white for the night! Monaco's Princess Charlene looks... The icy tomb of Britain's frozen teenager: Pictured for the... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today 'Birthday behaviour!' Kylie Jenner wows in figure hugging white dress as she treats Tyga to a THIRD party  She treated Tyga to a night out 'Nine days Postpartum!' Blac Chyna showcases her jaw-droppingly flat stomach less than two weeks after giving birth to baby Dream Goldie Hawn turns heads in low cut LBD as she steps out for 71st birthday dinner with her partner...as Kate Hudson shares candid family snaps from the bash Prince Harry's girlfriend Meghan throws herself into her work on set of TV show Suits as controversial mural of her wearing Diana's tiara is revealed 'Hold onto those you love': Make-up free Drew Barrymore shares snap alongside pals Cameron Diaz, Gwyneth Paltrow and Nicole Richie An A-list selfie 'It's something that should scare everybody,  even the honey badger': Trevor Noah on Trump's choice of Steve Bannon as his chief strategist Sponsored Justin, where's your car? Bieber 'loses' blue Ferrari after night out... and it takes three weeks to work out where he left it! Luxury sports car 'Happy birthday baby!' Kylie Jenner celebrates boyfriend Tyga's birthday by posting a topless snap of them embracing Racy Instagram post Prince's squabbling siblings put aside their fight over his $300m inheritance to pay tribute to him at the AMAs He was 57 when he died Gleb Savchenko falls sick with the flu just a day before competing in Dancing With The Stars finale News was announced on Insatgram Jason Derulo involved in brawl outside trendy Hollywood club Bootsy Bellows before cops break up fight The fracas was caught on camera 'Girl power!' Katie Holmes shares throwback of herself cheering on her sister's basketball team at age six Clutching a pom pom What would happen if we saw ourselves the way others did? Heartwarming video shows the power of confidence  Sponsored 'Precious kiddos!' Jessica Simpson posts Instagram photo of her children as they get their school pictures taken The kids were dressed up for the cameras Here comes 'Papa'! Tired Russell Brand steps out for a spot of shopping after welcoming his first child Mabel Apt outfit It's Donna and Kelly! Pregnant Tori Spelling, 43, and Jennie Garth, 44, have a Beverly Hills 90210 reunion at Knott's Merry Farm with kids Catch up Blac Chyna looks fabulous as she steps out in figure-hugging ensemble for first time since giving birth to baby Dream Sported a lavender wig 'Give her a kiss!': Blac Chyna's son King Cairo plants a sweet smooch on his newborn sister Dream Kardashian Filmed giving his new sibling a kiss Pamela Anderson, 49, shows off her famous curves in skin-tight black lace dress as she parties at London's Global Gift Gala  Looked sensational Kanye West addresses former pal Jay Z in ANOTHER on-stage rant as he takes aim at rapper's wife Beyoncé, Hillary Clinton and Mark Zuckerberg Big night, Kylie? Pop princess Kylie Minogue appears tired and exhausted with partner Josh Sasse during outing to Melbourne eatery Plenty more fish! Mariah Carey flaunts her cleavage in plunging leather dress as she heads to seafood restaurant after talks with her ex get nasty Justin Bieber shows off darker hairdo as he rocks Metallica T-Shirt on tour in Italy ahead of satellite performance at American Music Awards Trying something new It's a wrap! Orlando Bloom keeps warm in a beanie and three layers of clothing as he enjoys night out at Hollywood hotspot Temperature dip Naomi Campbell continues to wear fur as she arrives at JFK airport... 20 years after claiming she'd rather go nude in PETA's famous anti-cruelty campaign Getting in the holiday cheer! Jaime King wears chic blouse with velvet choker and jeans as she visits Knott's Merry Farm with sons James and Leo Emma Roberts goes hell for leather in plunging wrap dress at Airbnb Open Spotlight event She always turns heads on the red carpet Nicole Scherzinger shows her sartorial sass in a sleeveless blue jumpsuit at Moana screening in London The 38-year-old singer cut a chic figure Pink Saturday! Nicki Minaj flaunts her famous curves in skintight jeans and vibrant faux fur bomber as she enjoys night out in LA Figure-hugging jeans Thor star Jaimie Alexander gushes over superhero co-star Chris Hemsworth as she brands Tom Hiddleston 'a gentleman' in sizzling December cover shoot  'So, I heard you went to Hamilton, Mike': Alec Baldwin portrays a clueless President Trump who bullies Pence in mocking SNL skit  'They look at me like I'm crazy': The Eagles' Don Henley gets sick of hearing his songs and requests restaurants change the track if he hears his music Nicole Scherzinger sizzles in a slashed green dress and VERY racy thigh-high boots at The Global Gift Gala in London Eye-catching ensemble Formula 1 heiress Tamara Ecclestone looks glam in chestnut winter jacket as she enjoys mother and daughter day with adorable Sophia 'I'm happier than I've ever been': 'Pregnant' Cheryl gushes about her life at home with boyfriend Liam Payne  Admitted she's got to know herself. New York state of mind: Daniel Day-Lewis and wife Rebecca Miller enjoy casual coffee date in The Big Apple Wrapped up for the November chill Queen is in danger of losing the Guard at Buckingham Palace as Royal protection suffers its worst recruitment crisis in its history  Manpower targets 'He knocked up his best friend's wife': Kristen Wiig pokes fun at Simon Cowell as she plays with kittens on Saturday Night Live  Second time as host Julianne Hough showcases her lean limbs in skintight black leather pants at LA star-studded Airbnb event Showstopping outfit Can't stop the feeling! A beaming Justin Timberlake cuts a very stylish figure as he leads the celebrities at the Sydney premiere of his new film Trolls I love you Leonardo ...why have you cut me dead? DiCaprio's brother reveals bitter feud with Hollywood star after their wild partying left him an addict  Is The Crown guilty of poetic licence or gross impertinence? A close friendship, private phone calls and a royal marriage in crisis... But what's the REAL story of Queen Lilibet?  What a glamor-puss! Dame Joan Collins displays her elegant style in black floor-length gown as she steps out for charity gala in LA  'It's why I turned into a sex addict': Sex Pistol Steve Jones reveals he was 'abused by his step-father at the age of ten' Opened up All white for the night! Monaco's Princess Charlene looks radiant as she joins her husband Prince Albert for their annual National Day celebrations  Rock band The Police 'offered over $9 million to reunite with Sting for the first time in eight years for Desert Trip music festival in 2017' 'Oldchella' ABS-olutely fabulous! Tracy Anderson shows off her incredible physique in a barely there bikini The 41-year-old looks incredible 'I'm not particularly tough, I'm quite a sensitive soul': Ruby Rose explains why she wants her new xXx role to be seen as 'kick***' not 'bad***' We are family! Elsa Pataky enjoys a day at the beach with her children in Australia's Byron Bay She left her life in LA for Australia Can YOU tell the difference between cheap and high-end make up? YouTube star puts different brands to the test... with surprising results! Hands-on dad! Gavin Rossdale gets playful with his three boys as they enjoy a basketball game at the park He donned shades on day with his boys 'Don't touch!': Coco Austin's baby girl Chanel gazes in wonder at her first Christmas tree in cute video Rapper-actor Ice-T is the daddy Metallic magnificence! Jenna Dewan dazzles in silver beaded gown as she attends star-studded Young Women's Honors Channing Tatum's wife 'Too much make-up': Lindsay Lohan throws some serious shade at Ariana Grande after singer poses for Hairspray Live! snap  Mean Girls star Simply sensational! Laverne Cox sizzles in skin tight optical illusion dress at Young Women's Honors The 32-year-old was in Marina Del Rey  What a sport! Emma Roberts shows off extremely toned legs during house hunting appointment  The 25-year-old was spotted in Hollywood  What a catch! Bikini-clad Victoria's Secret model Shanina Shaik poses with two HUGE lobsters in hand during a trip to the Bahamas Practice makes perfect! Lady Gaga plays guitar at her sprawling Malibu estate ahead 2016 AMAs performance Took to Snapchat Must be chilly! Ariel Winter puts on a cheeky display in booty shorts despite plunging temperatures in LA The 18-year-old Modern Family star  Chrissy Teigen, Bryan Cranston and Don Cheadle join chorus of celebrity support for Hamilton cast's speech to Mike Pence Speaking out Cancer-stricken Shannen Doherty steps out in Malibu after opening up about grueling radiation treatment Gas stop 'Grab My Fair Lady By The P***y': Twitter users troll Vice President-Elect Mike Pence by making up musicals about him after he was booed at Hamilton 'Couldn't even memorize lines!': Trump continues Twitter feud with Hamilton cast by tweeting out an attack - only to delete it moments later Twinsies! Jessica Alba's daughters Honor and Haven dress in identical outfits for outing in West Hollywood  Golden Globe nominee  Miami is for lovers! Kesha holds hands with boyfriend Brad Ashenfelter while unwinding poolside He is playing a charity gig there Shuttered! Richard Simmons's landmark LA fitness studio closes its doors as reclusive star stays away telling fans 'I'm not good with endings' Gwyneth Paltrow looks confused as her makeup artist attempts contouring technique minutes before she hits the Airbnb Open stage in LA Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner grab breakfast together... but they don't look very happy about it The pair split in June 2015 Red hot! Bella Thorne flaunts her svelte bod in skintight mini dress as she hugs beau Tyler Posey goodbye Showcased her enviable physique  'Saturday vibes': Kourtney Kardashian shares cute photos of Reign and Penelope as she enjoys family time after Scott 'moves back in' 'The stars have aligned': Model Jessica Gomes gushes about her life falling into place after finding love with Australian actor Xavier Samuel  Museum with mommy! Amber Rose cuts a casual figure in ripped denim and a classic tee for art outing with son Sebastian, three, and her bodyguard Fall fun at the Biermann residence! Kim Zolciak's kids excitedly play with fallen leaves in the family's yard She is a mom- of-six Feeling the chill! Katie Holmes dons stylish wool blazer in LA... as her directorial debut arrives on iTunes Headed out in West Hollywood Crunching through the leaves! Olivia Wilde shares a rare shot of her two-year-old son Otis enjoying fall in Central Park Instagram snap 'My life is amazing now... I live in paradise and travel around the world': Woman loses over 30kg and becomes a yoga teacher after weighing 95kg at just 16  'This company is about bringing people together': Ashton Kutcher defends Airbnb after protester storms stage at LA panel event He was one of the first investors in Airbnb Quality time! Padma Lakshmi showcases her bikini body as she plays in the sea with her daughter Krishna Took advantage of the weather in Miami Traffic stopper! Halle Berry turns heads in clingy leather trousers and sexy black top as she steps out of car  The 50-year-old was in Los Angeles  'She is a brilliant woman': Paris Hilton admits she's 'proud' of childhood friend Ivanka Trump... as Donald's daughter comes under fire in America 'I'm doing well': Pregnant Janet Jackson finally breaks her silence on Twitter and thanks fans for 'love and prayers' Mom-to-be Meghan goes back to the day job! Prince Harry's girlfriend is seen for the first time since leaving London as she arrives on the set of her TV show Suits Embarrassment for VP-elect Mike Pence as Hamilton cast STOPS show to address him directly about their fears - after audience BOOED him throughout  Bright and breezy! Lily Collins is all smiles after gym session despite punishing schedule promoting Rules Don't Apply Burning the candle at both ends  So THAT'S where he keeps his Emmy! Mad Men star Jon Hamm shows off his famous physique again... after laughing off the rumors about his manhood Channing Tatum and Jenna Dewan dress down for low-key family day as they treat daughter Everly to yogurt treat Their daughter is three Nicole Scherzinger sizzles in a revealing green dress at The Global Gift Gala in London... as she responds to jokes she's had a boob job PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: No more shedding for the wedding! Mariah Carey eats pizza with her backing dancer... as talks with ex break down 'Last night was lit!' Paris Hilton plays DJ set in Sydney as her Australian Gold Rush tour continues and reveals 'excitement' at being back 'Hope this helps': Lady Gaga shares her chronic pain remedies with fans including infrared saunas followed by ice baths Posted to Instagram  He's at it again! Marc Anthony plants kiss on pretty singer after split from wife Shannon De Lima... as rumors swirl about ex J Lo Attractive backing singer 'Interest shot through the roof': The Rock reveals his bosses weren't happy about 'candy ass' Fast 8 swipe... but it was great for publicity GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Brooklyn's whine over a crafty beer at a London holiday festival  David and Victoria Beckham's eldest son was given a ticking off  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Pippa Middleton attempts to end rift with naughty uncle Gary after choosing his daughter Tallulah to be her bridesmaid Sexist? No, I'm just Yorkshire: Brit talkshow host Parkinson finally blasts back at Helen Mirren over 'sluttish eroticism' row... 40 years later LIZ JONES: Grumpy old men sitting around in dad jeans... that's great TV?  'This is basically a TV show about old men sitting down' Lucky Tyga! Kylie Jenner flaunts her ample assets in clingy black dress at ANOTHER birthday party for rapper beau Spaghetti strap dress Twitter accounts including Charlie Sheen and The New Yorker hacked for spam ads Dozens of famous Twitter accounts were hacked She means business! Jennifer Lopez returns to Shades of Blue set after THAT kiss with ex Marc Anthony Spotted on the New York City set on Friday It's long distance love! Khloe Kardashian jets off to Ohio to see boyfriend Tristan Thompson Committed to making the relationship work GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Sex symbol Lenny Kravitz is asked to write music for the Fifty Shades of Grey sequel He's been asked to pen some tracks GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Star Trek Alice now boldly going it alone? Actress has stopped wearing her engagement ring Where's the bling? Taking the plunge together! Victoria Beckham and Eva Longoria cut chic figures in low cut ensembles as they co-host Global Gift Gala Tanc Sade hits the red carpet in LA for the premiere of Gilmore Girls: A Year In The Life... as he reveals his co-star Nick Holmes 'took an instant disliking' to him when they first met    'THAT'S what it's supposed to look like!' Olivia Munn shares photo of herself wearing the same dress as J Lo Humble as ever, she poked fun at herself Not long now! Gigi Hadid stuns in red jumpsuit as she poses with co-host Jay Pharoah as they rehearse for the AMAs One day away The bra's the star: Chilly? You bet! Tacky? You decide. Adored by the A-list, now 'bra-lets' are bringing underwear out into the open  New season trends 'I met santa!' Christina Milian takes excited daughter Violet to meet the big man himself They also got the chance to enjoythe Christmas show Working up a sweat! Lea Michele and Cara Santana flaunt trim figures in sports bras as they work out together Working hard on their bodies 'Happy anniversary f***face': Amy Schumer posts jokey message on Instagram celebrating one year with boyfriend Ben Hanisch '#Iwanttoseeotherpeople'  'I need someone who can stimulate me regularly': Extra TV's Renee Bargh gets candid about what she wants in a man during lingerie-clad shoot Dap-Kings soul singer Sharon Jones dies at 60 after two-year battle with pancreatic cancer She was surrounded by loved ones and members of her band Michelle Obama is among thousands who gather to celebrate the life of first female co-anchor Gwen Ifill at a memorial service in Washington She's got fringe benefits! Kesha rocks out in a cowboy jacket as she puts legal woes behind her for charity gig 29-year-old hitmaker Leonardo DiCaprio flashes a warm smile from underneath his trademark flat cap as he visits Edinburgh Castle  Enjoying a spot of sightseeing HEALTH NOTES: Yasmin's still shouldering pain of tuk tuk crash  She is the wife of Duran Duran singer Simon Le Bon Hollywood's oldest hipster? Mickey Rourke, 64, rocks the camouflage for an evening at the newest LA hotspot Dressing like he's 24 Angelina Jolie returns to spotlight for first time since bitter divorce to campaign for children at International Criminal Court She's an Oscar winner  A superhero smooch! Rosario Dawson and Mike Colter share passionate kiss as they film Marvel's Luke Cage scenes in New York Popular Netflix series Peek-a-boo! Maria Menounos flashes her toned stomach in knotted T-shirt on date night with fiancé Keven Undergaro TV personality I want $30m for Fake Sheikh sting: Fergie launches multi-million pound legal battle for lost earnings and humiliation over Prince Andrew cash-for-access scandal  His better half! Jason Biggs' wife Jenny Mollen wows in red as they attend animal charity bash His wife stole the spotlight on Friday night Looking smart! Naomi Watts rocks business chic with a quirky twist as she steps out at the opening of Tod's festive windows in New York Dressed to impress 'THIS is not okay': Emmy Rossum responds to anti-semitic tweets from Trump supporters who use hashtag 'Sieg Heil' Hitting out Romeo Beckham cheers on Andy Murray beside Jimmy Carr at the ATP finals in London just days after watching the doubles with dad David Date night! Jessica Alba and Cash Warren leave their daughters at home to enjoy an evening on the town They are busy working parents  Pregnant Marion Cotillard sheathes her blossoming baby bump in a lurex jumper and chic yellow blazer Never fails to make any ensemble ooze glamor Cameron Diaz is all smiles as she rocks cream turtleneck and ripped jeans for casual lunch in Beverly Hills Winter has finally arrived in Los Angeles His neck of the woods: Al Roker opens the doors to the luxurious Manhattan brownstone he shares with wife Deborah Roberts and their children  Heavily pregnant Molly Sims covers her bump in a stylish faux fur gilet as she enjoys dinner ahead of her due date She is expecting her third child Melanie Griffith, 59, looks ready to party in statement biker jacket and edgy pointed boots as she steps out for dinner She looked sensational Bachelorette star Jordan Rodgers' NFL star brother Aaron 'hasn't spoken to his family in two years'... and even skipped his grandfather's funeral We (don't) belong together! Settlement talks between Mariah Carey and James Packer 'broken down as she brands him opportunist' Tara Reid covers her increasingly slender body in ripped jeans and a sweater as she steps out for dinner in LA She appeared in good spirits It's in her jeans! Kimberly Stewart flaunts her toned pins in form-fitting denims as she steps out in Los Angeles Californian style Split! Marc Anthony has separated from wife Shannon De Lima it's revealed - after THAT kiss with his ex Jennifer Lopez at Latin Grammys Got very passionate Model behaviour! Leather-clad Cindy Crawford and dapper Randy Gerber make a stylish couple as they enjoy date night in LA Holding hands Getting into the groove! Rocco Ritchie, 16, has a spring in his step as he enjoys a night out  at Chiltern Firehouse Proved his family issues had been resolved Ebola's not a joke, Jeremy: Backlash as Clarkson dubs The Grand Tour's racetrack 'Eboladrome' because it resembles the shape of the virus  Alessandra Ambrosio proves that less is more as she cuts a chic figure in a plain white T-shirt and skinny jeans  Flashed her enviably taut stomach Red hot! Kris Jenner, 61, dons clingy dress for date night with boy toy Corey Gamble, 35 Tthe Kardashian matriarch looked a vision in black and red 'I love you so much my heart could explode!' Country star Dan Smyers pops the question to girlfriend Abby Law during romantic trip to Hawaii Sleep like a rock! Beaming Sharon Stone wears a very pyjama-esque jumpsuit as she arrives at LAX Navy blue jumpsuit, bow-tied with a white belt 'She wants a small ceremony with bangers and mash': Multi-millionaire Adele 'plans bargain register office wedding' with beau Simon Konecki No slowing him down! Matthew McConaughey stays in fighting shape during solo jog He has been busy lately promoting his upcoming thriller Gold 'You don't know the meaning of STRUGGLE': Twitter users are less than sympathetic as Prince William admits he's 'struggled' with parenthood Kelly Rowland flaunts her toned legs in a thigh-skimming jumper dress and towering lace-up boots for night out in LA She showed off her flair for fashion Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui comes out as bisexual in an emotional letter to Trump supporters a week after being spotted kissing Lucy Vives  Getting down to business! Lucy Hale looks loved up as she walks through Adelaide Airport with boyfriend Anthony Kalabretta Pretty Little Liars star Stephanie Pratt flaunts her enviable curves in daring red lace bardot gown at Chain Of Hope charity ball The 30-year-old was Turning heads Gilmore Girls' Alexis Bledel stuns in chic black gown as she joins Lauren Graham for premiere of Netflix reboot Award-winning actress 'Hot Friday': Victoria's Secret beauty Kelly Gale enjoys a steamy NAKED sauna with model Madison Headrick The busty pair posed for a selfie together 'Everybody's got their stuff': Kate Gosselin says son Collin is 'chugging along' as she provides update on his treatment away from home  They could be twins! Ruby Rose shares a throwback Instagram photo with her mother... and fans are surprised by how similar they look Striking resemblance Is Meghan the missing Middleton? Prince Harry's new love looks so like Kate AND Pippa they could all be sisters Kate is known for her gleaming smile  Odell Beckham Jr loses $10,000 diamond-encrusted pinky ring while dancing at a strip club in the Bronx and is offering a reward for its return  Daddy duty! Liev Schreiber cuts a dapper figure as he steps out with his sons in New York The 49-year-old actor strolled with his boys Mother-daughter doppelgangers! Reese Witherspoon, 40 and Ava, 17 step out in coordinated looks in Beverly Hills Twins! EXCLUSIVE: Kathy Griffin reveals on how she saw Harry Styles pestering Tom Hanks, was insulted by drunken Jon Hamm and had a Twitter war with Demi Lovato in new memoir Feeling blue! Ariel Winter flashes her new tattoo as she dons cute denim mini dress for dinner with a pal She just got a new tattoo of a spade on her wrist Ready for winter! Kate Mara wraps up as she goes ice-skating without boyfriend Jamie Bell Stepped out solo as she got set to hit an ice-rink in Van Nuys, California Won't lose her in a crowd! Paris Hilton dons vibrant yellow dress with plunging neckline as she touches down in Sydney ahead of DJ gig  Donned shades 'At your ser-vix!': Ryan Reynolds shares delivery room tips for expectant dads in funny new video The father-of-two shows his softer side  The Kelly diet: Megyn hawks new memoir to those looking to shed some pounds, revealing that her top-secret weight loss tips are in her book 'Integrity is our only true currency': Designer who dressed Michelle Obama vows NEVER to work with Melania Trump and urges others to follow her lead Hello, beautiful! Emma Roberts goes boho chic in fringed sweater as she stays glued to her phone on FaceTime She was spotted multi-tasking Sabotage! Beastie Boys' Adam Yauch Park playground in New York defaced with swastikas and pro-Trump graffiti Disgusted New Yorkers tweeted pictures 'Do you swallow or spit?' Demi Lovato's UFC boyfriend Luke Rockhold was kicked off Millionaire Matchmaker for being a creep Clips from the show resurfaced Dap-Kings soul singer Sharon Jones dies at 60 Her representative Judy Miller Silverman says she died Friday at a Cooperstown hospital in New York surrounded by her band Going undercover? Sofia Richie wears camouflage and giant beanie as she has lunch out with her cute dog  She's the daughter of Lionel Richie All ears! Kendall Jenner flashes skin in sexy mini and thigh-high boots as she stars in new headphones campaign Posing up a storm 'It is so lovely being back': Rose Byrne says baby Rocco will celebrate his first Christmas in Sydney... as she arrives Down Under with partner Bobby Cannavale     DON'T MISS Ex-Survivor star Michael Skupin is convicted of possessing child pornography after police find images of 'underage children in sexual situations' on his laptop From dragon to Falcon! Emilia Clarke cast in upcoming Star Wars young Han Solo spin off movie  She will become part of the Star Wars universe Prince William admits he's 'struggled' with parenthood and says becoming a father has made him more emotional as he appears on Vietnamese show  Hitting their stride! Newly engaged Laura Prepon and fiancé Ben Foster are attached at the hip during stroll through New York  Loved up Strike a pose! SNL cast and crew along with Saturday night's host Kristen Wiig take on the Mannequin Challenge  Wiig is on hosting duty this weekend 'FORE!' Caroline Wozniacki plays golf in her bikini as she soaks up some sun during a vacation in the US Virgin Islands with fellow tennis star Nicole Gibbs 'The fans will rip into Raven's *ss': Orlando Brown speaks out about being recast in That's So Raven reboot He originally didn't believe there could be a reboot without him What a tease! Kylie Jenner wears sheer lingerie in racy new shoot to unveil launch date for mystery online store  Posing up a storm Sheer beauty! Naomi Campbell stuns in beaded floor-length gown at London charity ball The 46-year-old model put her best foot forward  Celebrity hair tribes: How stars with similar passions flock to the same salons - and end up with the same hairstyles!  Sorting out their locks Nicole Scherzinger shows off killer body and ample cleavage in plunging sequin frock as she hits the town after charity ball performance Former Pussycat Doll 'They're saying I'm fake and a bad role model': Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi suffers from insomnia after being criticized by 'mean girls' Lea Michele and Cara Santana head to the gym in 'twinning' workout gear in West Hollywood Ex Glee star seen with the fiancée of Desperate Housewives star Tobey Maguire snaps up new six bedroom bachelor pad for $13m... after selling $3m Santa Monica home he shared with ex Jennifer Meyer Splashing out John Lennon's furious Beatles breakup letter, in which he pities Paul McCartney because of Linda's 'insane' family and says the band were 'big b*****ds,' sold for $30,000 Pregnant Mila Kunis puts her large baby bump on display in fitted T-shirt after nixing Ashton Kutcher's zany baby name suggestion  Expecting her second kid Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick 'are spending Thanksgiving as a family' amid rumours they've moved back in together They have three kids Mommy's night out! Behati Prinsloo leaves Adam and baby at home as she goes casual cool while hitting the town Leaving West Hollywood hotspot Delilah  EXCLUSIVE: 'Becky with the good hair' is KRIS JENNER, claims Beyoncé's hairstylist - and Solange's elevator attack was 'straight up' over another woman PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Wet and wild! Ireland Baldwin poses for sexy shoot wearing nothing but a negligee in the ocean... then shows off her bikini body 'We're not cars, we're people': Cyndi Lauper, 63, bemoans ageism in the media... as fellow iconic singer Debbie Harry, 71, admits - 'I'm guilty of it' Ahoy, mateys! Josh Duhamel and son Axl brandish cartoon-style pirate swords in Beverly Hills He plays a no-nonsense soldier in Transformers This Is Us star Chrissy Metz reveals she is contractually obligated to lose weight over the course of the series... but she's up for it Claims she's 'excited' Well suited! Amy Adams shows how to make work wear chic as she confesses to a huge crush on Leonardo DiCaprio  Speaking in NYC Prince Harry's girlfriend Meghan Markle breaks social media silence as she posts an inspirational quote and thanks her friends for their support  'LOLL!': Keeping Up With The Kardashians star Jonathan Cheban thinks claims Kris Jenner is romancing Scott Disick are hilarious Disappearing act! James Packer is edited out of ex-fiancée Mariah's Carey's reality show trailer as insider claims he was 'supposed to be in the first six episodes' Claire Danes goes make-up free for hand-in-hand stroll with husband Hugh Dancy The couple still looked giddy in love after seven years of marriage Antonio Banderas rocks a biker jacket as he goes hand-in-hand with stunning girlfriend Nicole Kimpel The couple have been dating since 2014 Harry Potter stars Evanna Lynch and Robbie Jarvis split... nine years after starring as Luna Lovegood and James Potter in hit franchise 'The best time of my life!' Amber Rose opens up about her former career as a stripper named Paris... as she spends the day shopping with her son EXCLUSIVE: Former Gakwer CEO Nick Denton still gives his husband a $1,550 monthly allowance despite filing for bankruptcy following Hulk Hogan lawsuit Has he told Kim? Kanye West is booed after going on 40 minute rant in which he revealed he didn't vote - but if he did he would have voted for Trump  Twincredible! As Isla Fisher admits her own family confuse her with Amy Adams - we reveal the other spookily similar celebrity doppelgangers Caitlyn Jenner looks laid-back in jeans while running errands alone  The 67-year-old I Am Cait star juggled her Starbucks holiday coffee cup with other items Gwyneth Paltrow shares eccentric holiday gift guide on Goop, featuring an $8,300 yurt, $120 toothpaste, $165 nipple covers - and even SEX CLUB membership Mick Jagger shakes off his stingy reputation by tipping a waiter a whopping $500 at a Chinese restaurant in New York Splashing out Bella Hadid shows off her slender figure in skinny jeans after being slammed over Nike campaign by Olympian Meryl Davis  Failed to raise a smile 'I have not been honest with myself': Scream actress Bex Taylor-Klaus comes out as gay Live-streamed with fans to talk about it Kesha rocks Metallica 'Damaged Justice' T-shirt for sound check before Miami concert Troubled singer was performing at the Best Buddies Miami Gala Eat, Pray, Love author Elizabeth Gilbert gushes over new girlfriend after their relationship ended her nine-year marriage Left her husband for her best friend Mad, bad... and totally brilliant: Clarkson's new show makes Top Gear look like a burnt-out old banger, says SARAH VINE  The Grand Tour review 'You are too much': Ruby Rose calls The Veronicas' Lisa Origliasso a 'pervert' for watching her get frisky in bed with her twin sister Jessica 'That is a surprise to all of us': Serena Williams sizzles in mesh top while admitting she fancies Justin Bieber over likes of Idris Elba and Zac Efron Thigh's the limit! Kris Jenner hits the town in fishnets, long leather boots and a shimmery mini dress  The 61-year-old went for a youthful look Alec Baldwin takes romantic stroll with wife Hilaria... after revealing he'll RETURN as Donald Trump on tomorrow's SNL Much-anticipated revival! 'He's ruining the holidays!' Mariah Carey is 'working on a heartbreak album' as negotiations with James Packer 'come to a standstill' 'Those dudes get all the attention!' Gilmore Girls' Lauren Graham on how she fell for Peter Krause... despite being 'wary' of his good looks Co-star romance How tall is she? Meryl Streep is dwarfed by Jerry O'Connell and Christopher Reeve's son at NYC event after landing $825,000 per episode TV role FIRST LOOK: Susan Sarandon, 70, is a dead ringer for Bette Davis as she's seen on set of new series Feud about the icon's battle with Joan Crawford Twice as nice! Rebecca Romijn is ageless as always as she has very busy morning of interviews The 44-year-old kicked off at the Today show Make them feel merry AND bright! From a holographic gloss to pearlized polish, shop holiday beauty gifts so shiny, they won't be able to look away 'Giving young girls unrealistic expectations AGAIN': Nike is slammed by critics as campaign star Bella Hadid is branded 'abnormally thin' But my daughter was an equestrian! Yolanda Foster stands up to Olympian Meryl Davis who slammed Bella Hadid for modeling Nike Fired back Diane Kruger is a far cry from her glamorous self as she films scenes for gritty German drama Aus dem Nichts Usually she's perfectly turned out Gwen Stefani is autumn chic in knit white sweater with ripped jeans as she enjoys bonding day with son Apollo Evergreen 47-year-old 'He texts her crazy things all night long!': Kim Kardashian reveals in KUWTK teaser Rob and Chyna's 'awful' fights before Dream was born Uma Thurman looks almost unrecognisable as she showcases new brunette hairdo during break from filming in Barcelona Ditched trademark look Britney Spears flaunts her ample bust and enviably peachy posterior as she strips down to her lingerie for saucy Las Vegas show  It is Sin City after all... Candice Swanepoel puts cleavage on display in lacy top as she cuddles up with newborn son Anacã The 28-year-old model shared adorable selfie A woman's best friend! Mother who battled depression and obesity says a PUPPY pushed her to lose 200LBS and helped her to overcome her mental health issues Awkward! Nicole Kidman reveals Jimmy Fallon rejected her attempts to date him TWICE as she appears on TV with husband Keith Urban Free Brad! Chelsea Handler takes another swipe at 'lunatic' Angelina Jolie joking Pitt is being emancipated rather than getting divorced  Blue hair don't care! Nicole Scherzinger shows off edgy style in skin-tight leather and turquoise top knots as she leads the pack at charity ball Ariel Winter, 18, gets ANOTHER tattoo... and her sister Shanelle, 38, gets one to match  The Modern Family star documented the family inking on Snapchat The kiss was just a kiss! Marc Anthony tries to prove Jennifer Lopez smooch at Latin Grammys was innocent as he puckers up to his pals How will Nick Gordon get $36m? Bobbi Kristina's estate gets a collections lawyer in wrongful death suit - and there could still be a murder charge in case 'Fitness Friday!' Ivanka Trump shares sweet snap of Arabella 'monkeying around' at the gym before heading to the office in a chic monochrome ensemble She wore blue velvet! Amber Rose smoulders in sexy off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a night out in LA Was showing off some serious shoulder Santa's model helpers! Jourdan Dunn shows off statuesque figure in skin-tight jeans as she joins Martha Hunt for festive celebrations in New York City Transcendental Meditation, targeted workouts, and protein-packed meals: Martha Hunt reveals how she is getting prepared for the Victoria's Secret show Style Swoon: From Eva Longoria's holiday clothing line to Cate Blanchett's rocker-chic leather pants, FEMAIL reveals the fashions we are loving this week Best on our desks: This week, a lotion you apply in the SHOWER, a travel-size cleansing duo and a new way to get rid of blackheads top our beauty picks Carrying Miss Daisy! Olivia Wilde cradles baby daughter in a sling on early morning outing in New York Baby Daisy Josephine couldn't look cosier 'No one noticed!' Isla Fisher reveals she tricked her family by putting Amy Adams on her Christmas card... but can YOU tell them apart?  She wants her body back! Blac Chyna shares topless throwback snap after revealing she's already lost 15lbs ONE week after giving birth Took to Instagram Low-key lovers! Miley Cyrus and fiancé Liam Hemsworth grab a vegan lunch as they enjoy a rare outing together in LA Looked like any couple Jennifer Lopez, 47, dresses her enviably toned and voluptuous figure in THREE gorgeous outfits at the Latin Grammy Awards Pulled out all the stops  Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant Couldn't stop smooching Nothing basic about her! Lisa Rinna wears head-to-toe black as she puts together the perfect travelling ensemble With her daughter in tow 'I have sex with everyone in it!': Eva Longoria reveals her husband refuses to watch Desperate Housewives due to her saucy scenes Lena Dunham goes on a retreat in Arizona seeking 'guidance from the canyon' after Trump's election victory  Posted image of herself in the hills of Sedona Nicole Scherzinger keeps it casual in a black strapless ensemble as she grabs a bite to eat with a male pal in LA Doing low-key chic Working his magic! Eddie Redmayne looks dapper in quirky checked suit as he promotes Fantastic Beasts with his co-stars in China Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned crowd look on, while Donald and older kids get down to business inside Trump Tower  They sure made a beautiful girl! Annette Bening, 58, and Warren Beatty, 79, take their teen daughter to 20th Century Women screening Braless Rita Ora puts on a VERY busty display in a revealing robe as she winds down after filming new movie Wonderwell in Italy Treated fans online Fun in the sun! A glowing Drew Barrymore happily splashes in the surf on Mexican beach getaway Looked happy and relaxed Chantel Jeffries dances in a bikini for her Snapchat followers and unveils new line of holiday wear Justin Bieber's ex lounged about outdoors  Feeling broody? Paris Hilton cradles a baby at Australian press event before being given two packets of cookies from a devoted fan She's touring the country Amal Clooney brands Trump proposals for 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants violations of international human rights law' Lingerie-clad Britney Spears cavorts with Tinashe as they have a sexy sleepover in VERY racy new Slumber Party video Worth the wait! Mama's boy! Jennifer Garner and a dapperly dressed Samuel enjoy some mother son time while the tot's older siblings are at school Little boy is four Today's headlines Most Read The coldest handshake: Barack Obama and Vladimir Putin photographed in brief frosty exchange at Peru summit... Melania and Barron Trump 'WON'T move to the White House so he can finish school in NYC' - threatening years... What blind trust? Donald Trump meets with Indian business partners and his three children a week AFTER being... Senior officials 'call for the director of the NSA be removed from his position over security lapses' Horrific moment a children's hospital in Aleppo is bombed for the second time in a WEEK as workers... Winter is coming: Storm brings first snow of the season and wind in the Northeast as temperatures dip into... Putin to ask Trump's permission to bomb Syria: Russian ambassador to London says airstrikes are 'diplomacy... 'It was like living in Disneyland': Pablo Escobar's son talks about a childhood of luxury while his drug... 'Call me and talk to me like a man': Kanye West addresses former pal Jay Z in ANOTHER on-stage rant as he... Prince's squabbling siblings put aside their fight over his $300m inheritance to pay tribute to him at the... Donations to the Clinton Foundation plummeted amid Hillary's failed run for the presidency  FBI arrest 'female kidnapper' after ransom is paid for woman abducted from her Washington home - who STILL... 'My sister staged her engagement to interrupt my vows!' Married couples reveal the shocking ways their... Can YOU spot the odd one out? Only true perfectionists can see the tiny size difference in these sequences  Decorated soldier, 21, is found dead in barracks at Fort Bragg  Indiana city renames Columbus Day and Good Friday to be more 'culturally sensitive' 'It's highly overrated': President-elect Trump doubles down on his attacks on Hamilton as pro-Pence rallies... 'So, I heard you went to Hamilton, Mike': Alec Baldwin portrays a clueless President Trump who bullies... Romney sucks it up: 'Choker' Mitt embraces the man he called 'a phony, racist and bigot' in election... Donald Trump goes to church in New Jersey before meeting with Rudy Giuliani, Chris Christie and Hollywood... White Lives Matter activists clash with anti-Trump protesters in Texas as cops arrest eight Trump meets with controversial school reformer Michelle Rhee as she is considered for Secretary of Education... 'Burn them to the ground': How Hamilton star spoke out against 'banks, corporate military, and fossil fuel... Percolator protest! Republican voters fight election backlash by telling Starbucks baristas their name is... 'Don't assume the worst': Obama tells world leaders in Peru 'to give Trump a chance' because 'how you... 'Totally one-sided and biased': Donald Trump slams SNL for scathing skit in which Alec Baldwin portrays... 'Take that, liberal actors!': Pro-Trump flash mob gather outside Hamilton theater a day after the cast of... 'Grab My Fair Lady By The P***y': Twitter users troll Vice President-Elect Mike Pence by making up musicals... The Queen's our trump card: Theresa May to use Her Majesty as the 'secret weapon' to win over the Donald MORE HEADLINES Romney sucks it up: 'Choker' Mitt embraces the man he called 'a phony, racist and bigot' in election war-of-words as Trump dangles prospect of White House job during another busy day of transition meetings Percolator protest! Republican voters fight election backlash by telling Starbucks baristas their name is 'Trump' so they have to shout the name when their cup of Joe is ready Melania and Barron Trump 'WON'T move to the White House so he can finish school in NYC' - threatening years of nightmarish traffic and security checks for shoppers near Trump Tower  'It's highly overrated': President-elect Trump doubles down on his attacks on Hamilton as pro-Pence rallies are held outside theater despite celebrity support for under fire cast 'So, I heard you went to Hamilton, Mike': Alec Baldwin portrays a clueless President Trump who bullies Pence, asks SIRI about ISIS and holds awkward meeting with Romney in scathing SNL skit  'It made us cry some more': Gold Star family of soldier killed by suicide bomber during Veterans Day run get BOOED by American Airlines first class for delaying flight on way to pick up their dead son's body  President-elect attacks Hamilton saying Mike Pence was 'harassed' by 'very rude' cast who stopped the show to confront VP sitting in the audience - while the crowd BOOED him and his family 'I told her it was OK to close her eyes and go to sleep and I kissed her': Cancer stricken four-year-old who broke the internet's heart after her father posted a photo of her pain and suffering has died, family announce Left to paddle to their deaths: Uncle and another man are charged with manslaughter after brothers, six and nine, drowned after being washed over a 70-foot waterfall Strip clubs, drag shows... And the KKK: Troubling politics of the eighties and the era's misfits 'who your mother warned you about', all captured by iconic photographer All white for the night! Monaco's Princess Charlene looks radiant as she joins her husband Prince Albert for their annual National Day celebrations  The icy tomb of Britain's frozen teenager: Pictured for the first time, the -196C cryo-tank where body of 14-year-old cancer girl is hung upside down in a £10 sleeping bag with FIVE other corpses German husband who killed his Filipino wife and sliced her body into eight pieces to go on a Thailand sex holiday has been jailed for life  Blair is back! Former PM announces he is 'returning to British politics' because the Tories are 'screwing up Brexit and Jeremy Corbyn is a nutter' as he prepares to meet with Theresa May  Mystery as UFO hunter posts images of huge spherical object in front of the Sun that was captured by NASA cameras Was new mom MURDERED for her baby? Two arrested in Dallas 'for kidnapping week-old baby they may have passed off as their own after mother was found shot dead'  Trump meets with controversial school reformer Michelle Rhee as she is considered for Secretary of Education in his Cabinet 'Happy holidays from the very gay, very liberal table sitting next to you': Woman pays for one family's dinner and leaves message of acceptance on the receipt after overhearing their homophobic comments Lover gets stuck inside married mistress while having sex after her husband asked a witch doctor to curse her genitals Meghan goes back to the day job! Prince Harry's actress girlfriend is seen for the first time since leaving London as she arrives on the set of her TV show Suits Butt they won! Yale students delay annual football game with Harvard by stripping off  Amal Clooney claims Trump proposals amount to 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants that violate international human rights law' Alabama police officer fired over racist Facebook post saying Michelle Obama is ‘fluent in ghetto’ Who is deplorable now? Gang of four are charged after 'beating' Trump supporter in horrific attack caught on camera  'Go to another country if you don't like Trump': Federal judge at US citizenship ceremony goes on rant defending the President elect Boy paralyzed by a gun shot to the face aged 7, who turned down a $3M payout in exchange for having weapons destroyed and saving others, dies of his injuries 22 years after accident  EXCLUSIVE: Can't let go of the high life! Former Gakwer CEO Nick Denton still gives his husband a $1,550 monthly allowance and spends nearly $2,400 on clothes and food despite filing for bankruptcy following Hulk Hogan lawsuit Michelle Obama is among thousands who gather to celebrate the life of first female co-anchor Gwen Ifill at a memorial service in Washington Policeman is demoted for taking a girl away from the scene of a shooting after she witnessed her father gun down her mother MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 Black Friday CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums Black Friday iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close Some 15-Inch MacBook Pro Models Misreporting Intel Iris Pro 580 Graphics Friday November 18, 2016 5:27 am PST by Tim Hardwick Several MacRumors readers have discovered that System Information readouts on some 15-inch MacBook Pro units appear to suggest they are running Iris Pro 580 integrated graphics, rather than Intel HD Graphics 530 as advertised in Apple's tech specs. The strange inconsistency was first found on some demo units running in Apple Store showrooms, leading some readers to suggest Apple was running higher-specced machines in-store. However, since then, some owners of newly shipped 15-inch MacBook Pros have also noted the same inconsistency in stock laptops sold to them. MacRumors forum member torquer discovered that on their machine, System Information reports an Intel HD Graphics 530 when the laptop is running on battery, but reports Iris Pro 580 once it's plugged in. This would suggest a bug in macOS Sierra is causing System Information to misreport the integrated graphics chip in some 15-inch MacBook Pro models. Another indication of misreporting is that units which identify the GPU as an Iris Pro 580 appear to show the device ID string "191b", which correlates with the Intel HD Graphics 530 chip. In addition, owners of machines reporting the more powerful Iris Pro 580 are not seeing the kind of graphics performance improvement one would expect. For the record, Intel only matches the more powerful Iris Pro 580 to Core i5-6350HQ and Core i7-6770/6870/6970HQ mobile processors, none of which Apple chose to use in its latest lineup of notebooks, likely due to power consumption concerns. Related Roundup: MacBook Pro Tags: Intel, Apple retail Buyer's Guide: MacBook Pro (Buy Now) [ 221 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) Steve Staffan 2 days ago at 05:30 am I feel like these MacBook Pros are Apple's Windows Vista. Rating: 127 Votes iosuser 2 days ago at 05:32 am I think it's just typos, probably caused in part by those shallow keyboards. Rating: 69 Votes ValSalva 2 days ago at 05:42 am As long as the proper emojis are sent I don't see any problem here. Apple knows the priorities of professional and high end users after all. /s Rating: 57 Votes Nr123*123 2 days ago at 05:38 am Tim just trolling. "You got a high end graphics processor in your £2500 machine" "Just kidding, happy holidays" Rating: 46 Votes akkotaire 2 days ago at 05:34 am they probably had it planned, and probably décided last minute to change model for bigger profit margin. Rating: 37 Votes vertical smile 2 days ago at 05:45 am Seems like a non-issue. The machine still works right? Tiny bug. Not worth a whole article really. It was, so people can say things like "They did this on purpose" and "This is Apple's Vista" hysterically. This forum loves things like this more than anything else. Wait for the Tim Cook should be fired dude. I would totally agree with you on these points, if it wasn't for all the other things being reported. If it was just one, or two of the recent negative articles, it wouldn't be that big of a deal and most people would probably forget about it in a few weeks. But, with bad news, followed by more bad news, followed by stuff like this, people are going to over react to the individual article because they are looking at everything as a whole. Based off of recent news, I doubt this will be the last non-positive thing we hear about the new MBP. Rating: 30 Votes dannys1 2 days ago at 05:36 am Tiny bug. Not worth a whole article really. It was, so people can say things like "They did this on purpose" and "This is Apple's Vista" hysterically. This forum loves things like this more than anything else. Wait for the Tim Cook should be fired dude. Rating: 29 Votes KindredMAC 2 days ago at 05:43 am It was, so people can say things like "They did this on purpose" and "This is Apple's Vista" hysterically. This forum loves things like this more than anything else. Wait for the Tim Cook should be fired dude. Tim Cook should be fired, dude. :D Rating: 25 Votes chr1s60 2 days ago at 05:37 am Innovation! The computer switches graphics based on the power source! Rating: 19 Votes SSD-GUY 2 days ago at 05:51 am Tiny bug. Not worth a whole article really. The Apple fangirl is strong in this one. Rating: 16 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. More Blog Stories Claridge's Hotel Reveals Festive Installation by Apple's Jony Ive 7 hours ago on Mac Blog Apple design chief Jony Ive and longtime collaborator Marc Newson's take on the London hotel Claridge's Christmas tree has been revealed – and perhaps not surprisingly, there's not a... 51 comments MacRumors Giveaway: Win a Cozmo Robot From Anki 2 days ago on iOS Blog For this week's giveaway, we've teamed up with Anki to offer MacRumors readers a chance to win one of Anki's new Cozmo robots. Cozmo is an adorable little robot that's able to explore... 17 comments Some Users Experiencing 'Three Finger Drag' Issues on New MacBook Pro 2 days ago on Mac Blog A small but growing number of users have reported issues using the "three finger drag" gesture on the new MacBook Pro's trackpad. Affected users say the gesture either works only... 128 comments First HomeKit-Enabled 'Smart Home Packages' Open to Homebuyers in San Jose 2 days ago on iOS Blog Homebuilding company KB Home today announced "the nation's first HomeKit-enabled community," which comes with the opportunity for buyers to build homes with Apple's HomeKit platform... 24 comments iHome Launching First Clock Radio That Can Charge Both an iPhone and Apple Watch 2 days ago on iOS Blog iHome has announced it will soon release the iPLWBT5, the first alarm clock radio featuring both Lightning and Apple Watch chargers. Audio can be played via the docked Lightning device,... 25 comments iPhone 7 Plus Stock Expected to Remain Tight Through Holiday Shopping Season 2 days ago on iOS Blog Apple is unlikely to reach iPhone 7 supply and demand equilibrium by the end of the December quarter, suggesting stock will remain tight through the holiday shopping season, according to Piper... 43 comments Teardowns Confirm 13-Inch and 15-Inch Touch Bar MacBook Pros Have Non-Removable SSDs 2 days ago on Mac Blog iFixit has completed its teardown of the new 15-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar, confirming the notebook is equipped with a non-removable SSD just like the 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar. Only... 110 comments Apple Hires Former WSJ Reporter as Public Relations Director in China 2 days ago on iOS Blog Apple has hired a former reporter and columnist for The Wall Street Journal, Wei Gu, to its public relations department in Shanghai, China. Gu's role, per LinkedIn (via TechCrunch) will be PR... 13 comments • New Subscription Service 'Setapp' Will Offer 40+ Popular Mac Apps for $9.99 Per Month (58) • Swift Playgrounds Updated With New Coding Lessons, Hour of Code Challenge (20) • Workflow for iOS Updated With Improved Gallery That Makes it Easier Than Ever to Automate Tasks (16) • PlayStation Vue Now Available on Apple TV (87) • Twitter App Introduces Rich Notifications Support in iOS 10 (10) • Next Year's Dual-Camera iPhones Will Have Dual Optical Image Stabilization (26) • Privacy-Enabled Web Browser 'Firefox Focus' Launches on App Store With Automatic Ad Blocking (38)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade Nintendo Wants HOW MUCH?! - The TouchArcade Show #273 If You Like TouchArcade, Please Support Our Patreon TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'Neon Chrome' 'Demon's Rise 2: Lords of Chaos' Review - And Now, the Other Side of the Coin 'Avadon 3: The Warborn' for iPad Review - A Worthy Conclusion to the Avadon Trilogy 'Space Marshals 2' Lands on Android as Free-to-Try App AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Surveillance camera compromised in 98 seconds Launch set for GOES-R satellite capable of 30-second weather updates Hyperloop One settles hangman lawsuit Three CEO confirms hack, 133,827 customers were exposed Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH AWS shines light on Virginia solar scheme EMC crying two SAN breakup tears HPE is creaming Dell in HPC Permabit pulls on Red Hat, opens arms for a Linux cuddle Windows cmd.exe deposed by PowerShell Microsoft ❤️ Linux? Microsoft ❤️ running its Windows' SQL Server software on Linux Mozilla launches 'privacy edition' Firefox... that phones home Alibaba misses Java seat as MicroProfile champ lands a first Surveillance camera compromised in 98 seconds Three to appear in court over TalkTalk hack Hackers' modular worm builder hoses popular team web chat apps Three Mobile, two alleged hackers, one big customer database heist The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Infrastructure as code: The road to continuous everything Microsoft's development platform today: What you need to know Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? Policy The Channel Hyperloop One settles hangman lawsuit Three CEO confirms hack, 133,827 customers were exposed Samsung flames out as Chinese march on Contracts trading personal data for digital content: Rights to remedy, redress required Why I just bought a MacBook Air instead of the new Pro Apple admits the iPhone 6 Plus has 'Touch Disease' Qualcomm taps Samsung to make next-gen 10nm Snapdragon Nokia's great lost smartwatch? #SavedYouALandfill SPB Geek's Guide Launch set for GOES-R satellite capable of 30-second weather updates Pluto has massive underground oceans, say astro-boffins Physicists have built the world's fastest quantum simulator NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things AI can now tell if you're a criminal or not Intel lays out its AI strategy until 2020 IoT upstart Sigfox gulps down €150m funding but falls short of target AI gives porn peddlers a helping hand Verity Stob Customer data security is our highest priori- ha ha ha whatever, suckers Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 Searching for 'Fatty Kim the Third' banned on Chinese social media 'Post-truth' beats 'chatbot' to Word of the Year Crown More like this Iot Emergent Tech Internet of Things IoT upstart Sigfox gulps down €150m funding but falls short of target We might start making profit in two years, says French firm Internet of Things. Pic: Shutterstock 18 Nov 2016 at 12:38, Gareth Corfield Gareth Corfield Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Comment Of The Week, Internet Of Things, Royal Navy, Drone, Ministry Of Defence Recent Articles Google gently leads Intel into its cloud: This is for your own good IoT upstart Sigfox gulps down €150m funding but falls short of target TfL to track Tube users in stations by their MAC addresses French Internet of Things startup Sigfox has missed its $200m funding target for its latest round, settling for €150m ($159m) instead – although it has Salesforce, Intel, and others on board as investors. Sigfox is a wireless connectivity player in the IoT world. It sells low-powered networking kit designed for industrial IoT use cases and in its latest announcement said it would be teaming up with Salesforce. The six-year-old firm says it has "more than 10 million objects registered on its network and coverage currently spanning 26 countries" and hopes this Series E funding round will get it to "financial break even point" by 2018. "Thanks to Sigfox, every object will connect to the cloud at minimal cost, by relying only on the surrounding energy sources," the company burbled. Its latest financial backers include Elliott Management, Salesforce, and Intel Capital among others. Back in August, Bloomberg reported that Sigfox was hunting for $200m (€188m), with chief exec Ludovic Le Moan hinting at a 2017 IPO. The company had previously raised $115m in early 2015 from a variety of backers including Telefonica and NTT Docomo. Sigfox's Salesforce integration is with the software company's IoT Cloud, which is intended for customers to process data from wearables, mobile devices, embedded sensors, and the like. Earlier this year it became one of the very few parts of Salesforce's cloudy offerings to be hived off to an outside supplier – in this case, AWS. Xavier Drilhon, the startup's deputy CEO, said in a canned quote: "I joined Sigfox 18 months ago because of the incredibly powerful vision of its founders and the unique positioning of the company as a fundamental enabler of the IoT revolution. This [fundraising round] will allow the company to accelerate the deployment of its network from 26 countries today to over 60 within the next two years, representing 90 per cent of the worldwide GDP." ® Sponsored: Customer Identity and Access Management Tips and corrections 2 Comments More from The Register Building IoT: First keynote speaker announced Building IoT OpenSensors.io's Yodit Stanton to take the stage 3 Comments Yeah, that '50bn IoT devices by 2020' claim is a load of dog toffee IDTechX report takes a swipe at other analysts' 'hype bubble' 30 Comments Dell bundles bundle of systems-bundlers into its IoT van Secure or not, it's great if someone's making money Building IoT London: Still working on your pitch? Mmm, OK, you’ve got a week till the call for papers shuts 7 Comments Building IOT London sessions: From tiny sensors to big data Early-bird tickets take flight 14 Comments Cisco-backed iOT comms aspirant LoRa ships IoT dev kit Thing-makers get a bi-directional wireless standard they can all agree on 2 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Empowering E-commerce against unpredictable demand Exploring common challenges facing E-commerce platform and B2C website managers planning for the holiday shopping rush and bolstering services to meet customer demands. Controlling the Uncontrollable Protecting email and other corporate data on mobile devices—without bogging down workers—is one of today’s biggest challenges faced by IT pros today. Build scalable and secure public cloud services Based on the industry-leading products and technologies your customers demand, Red Hat provides a complete set of platforms, tools, and software components you need to build a scalable, agile, and secure cloud services infrastructure. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' Antivirus tools are a useless box-ticking exercise says Google security chap Gone in 70 seconds: Holding Enter key can smash through defense Your body reveals your password by interfering with Wi-Fi Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China Spotlight Invasion of the virus-addled lightbulbs (and other banana stories) Ericsson’s patent pool is far from the new start the IoT needs Top of the bots: This AI isn't a cold, cruel killing machine – it's a pop music hit machine Spark meets HAL: Apache's cluster master goes deep Will AI spell the end of humanity? The tech industry wants you to think so Mysterious algorithms, black-box AI recruiters are binning our résumés Pound falling, Marmite off the shelves – what the UK needs right now is ... an AI ethics board Do AI chat bots need a personality bypass – or will we only trust gabber 'droids with character? Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money More > Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel Dating news You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Autonomous cars -- "new oil" or "big brother"? AFP 2 days ago Justin Tallis © Provided by AFP A digital battle is being waged over the huge amount of technical data that will be stored in autonomous vehicles Just like credit cards, smartphones or search engines, autonomous cars will carry a trove of information about their owners as they make driving more comfortable, raising new concerns about privacy. Automakers are engaged in a fierce race to develop the first driverless car, which experts say should hit the road by 2020. Apart from legal obstacles facing the industry as the technology evolves -- such as who is responsible in the event of an accident -- a digital battle is being waged over the huge amount of technical data that will be stored in such vehicles. "Data is the new oil," Intel chief executive Brian Krzanich said this week during a speech at the Los Angeles auto show, AutoMobility LA. "If you have rich data, your car will be able to deal with complex route situations," Krzanich said. "If not, the car will stop." © Provided by AFP A 2017 Kia Niro Triathlete Inspired autonomous concept car with a shower head in the passenger door is on display at the Los Angeles Auto Show Sensors, radars and cameras on autonomous vehicles will be able to exchange data with other cars but also, perhaps, with "intelligent" roadways that can help set speed limits depending on weather and traffic conditions. The passenger behind the wheel, meanwhile, can send emails and text messages, listen to music, stream movies, hold a conference call or make a restaurant reservation. Even homes will be connected to vehicles. South Korean automaker Hyundai revealed at the auto show a partnership with Amazon's Alexa voice service to allow customers to start their car, charge their battery or turn on the air conditioner via a quick voice request. © Provided by AFP Sensors, radars and cameras on autonomous vehicles will be able to exchange data with other cars but also, perhaps, with "intelligent" roadways Experts say the data stored in these vehicles represents a gold mine for companies. "Where are you, where you stop, how often, what's in there can be used to provide you a rich user experience," Krzanich said. "What music you like, craft choices... that's an opportunity as well." He said Intel was investing $250 million into self-driving technology over the next two years. Karl Brauer, senior director of industry insights at Kelley Blue Book, said all the data collected will be used by car makers and other companies to maximize profit. "If they know you like to go to Starbucks (they will say) 'Oh, he always stops at Starbucks," Brauer said. Krzanich acknowledged that the technology posed great challenges in terms of privacy protection and secure sharing. CJ Frost, an Alexa executive, told a panel that consumers were heading into a world where applications will allow users, for example, to track down friends coming to dinner to ask them to stop on the way and buy a bottle of wine. Security concerns © Provided by AFP Hyundai revealed a partnership with Amazon's Alexa voice service to allow customers to start cars, charge their battery or turn on the air conditioner via a voice request One question on many people's mind is whether, in a world that could be edging closer to the Big Brother oversight of George Orwell's dystopian novel "1984," it will be possible to disconnect at some point. "Consumer privacy is an open question," said Jeremy Carlston, a senior analyst with IHS Automotive. "A smartphone holds a lot of info about the owner but when we provide that info to a service provider, we're getting value in return," he added. "It's the same trade-off with an autonomous car." Cyber-security was also the topic at a panel discussion during which speakers raised the issue of privacy. "Connected cars have added firewalls against hacking," Egil Juliussen, director of research at IHS Automotive, told AFP. "Criminals could make the car inoperative and ask money to make it operate again." In mid-2015, two American online-security researchers demonstrated how easily they could hack into a Jeep Cherokee, remotely taking control of the car's functions, including its braking system. Krzanich said such challenges "will require the industry coming together and collaborating." Go to MSN Home More in News Farage U-turn as he says he would stand for election again in South Thanet The Guardian Angela Merkel to seek fourth term as German chancellor Sky News Ship evacuated off Dover as Storm Angus hits UK Sky News Chancellor warns of 'eye-watering' Brexit debt Sky News Body of 14-year-old British cancer victim who wanted to be frozen is in £10 sleeping bag Daily Record At least 100 killed as train derails in India Sky News Up Next Duchess of York seeks £25m damages over Mazher Mahmood sting The Guardian Smoke visible for miles as firefighters tackle huge blaze near Heathrow Evening Standard Blundering Boris Johnson accused of taking wrong notes to Brexit meeting Mirror More in News IVF mum marries donor after tracking him down and falling in love Mirror Tracking an elusive diary from Hitler's inner circle The New York Times £1bn Madonna becomes highest-grossing solo touring artist ever Evening Standard AdChoices AdChoices Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel Dating © 2016 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Anti-Spam Newsletter
A Magnetized Needle and a Steady Hand November 17, 2016 nullprogram.com/blog/2016/11/17/ Now they’ve gone an done it. An unidentified agency has spread a potent computer virus across all the world’s computers and deleted the binaries for every copy of every software development tool. Even the offline copies — it’s that potent. Most of the source code still exists, even for the compilers, and most computer systems will continue operating without disruption, but no new software can be developed unless it’s written byte by byte in raw machine code. Only real programmers can get anything done. The world’s top software developers have been put to work bootstrapping a C compiler (and others) completely from scratch so that we can get back to normal. Without even an assembler, it’s a slow, tedious process. In the mean time, rather than wait around for the bootstrap work to complete, the rest of us have been assigned individual programs hit by the virus. For example, many basic unix utilities have been wiped out, and the bootstrap would benefit from having them. Having different groups tackle each missing program will allow the bootstrap effort to move forward somewhat in parallel. At least that’s what the compiler nerds told us. The real reason is that they’re tired of being asked if they’re done yet, and these tasks will keep the rest of us quietly busy. Fortunately you and I have been assigned the easiest task of all: We’re to write the true command from scratch. We’ll have to figure it out byte by byte. The target is x86-64 Linux, which means we’ll need the following documentation: Executable and Linking Format (ELF) Specification. This is the binary format used by modern Unix-like systems, including Linux. A more convenient way to access this document is man 5 elf. Intel 64 and IA-32 Architectures Software Developer’s Manual (Volume 2). This fully documents the instruction set and its encoding. It’s all the information needed to write x86 machine code by hand. The AMD manuals would work too. System V Application Binary Interface: AMD64 Architecture Processor Supplement. Only a few pieces of information are needed from this document, but more would be needed for a more substantial program. Some magic numbers from header files. Manual Assembly The program we’re writing is true, whose behavior is documented as “do nothing, successfully.” All command line arguments are ignored and no input as read. The program only needs to perform the exit system call, immediately terminating the process. According to the ABI document (3) Appendix A, the registers for system call arguments are: rdi, rsi, rdx, r10, r8, r9. The system call number goes in rax. The exit system call takes only one argument, and that argument will be 0 (success), so rdi should be set to zero. It’s likely that it’s already zero when the program starts, but the ABI document says its contents are undefined (§3.4), so we’ll set it explicitly. For Linux on x86-64, the system call number for exit is 60, (/usr/include/asm/unistd_64.h), so rax will be set to 60, followed by syscall.     xor  edi, edi
    mov  eax, 60
    syscall
 There’s no assembler available to turn this into machine code, so it has to be assembled by hand. For that we need the Intel manual (2). The first instruction is xor, so look up that mnemonic in the manual. Like most x86 mnemonics, there are many different opcodes and many ways to encode the same operation. In this case, there are 22 options. The operands are two 32-bit registers, so there are two options available (opcodes 0x31 and 0x33): 31 /r      XOR r/m32, r32
33 /r      XOR r32, r/m32
 The “r/m32” means the operand can be either a register or the address of a 32-bit region of memory. With two register operands, both encodings are equally valid, both have the same length (2 bytes), and neither is canonical, so the decision is entirely arbitrary. Let’s pick the first one, opcode 0x31, since its listed first. The “/r” after the opcode means the register-only operand (“r32” in both cases) will be specified in the ModR/M byte. This is the byte that immediately follows the opcode and specifies one of two of the operands. The ModR/M byte is broken into three parts: mod (2 bits), reg (3 bits), r/m (3 bits). This gets a little complicated, but if you stare at Table 2-1 in the Intel manual for long enough it eventually makes sense. In short, two high bits (11) for mod indicates we’re working with a register rather than a load. Here’s where we’re at for ModR/M: 11 ??? ???
 The order of the x86 registers is unintuitive: ax, cx, dx, bx, sp, bp, si, di. With 0-indexing, that gives di a value of 7 (111 in binary). With edi as both operands, this makes ModR/M: 11 111 111
 Or, in hexadecimal, FF. And that’s it for this instruction. With the opcode (0x31) and the ModR/M byte (0xFF): 31 FF
 The encoding for mov is a bit different. Look it up and match the operands. Like before, there are two possible options: B8+rd id   MOV r32, imm32
C7 /0 id   MOV r/m32, imm32
 In the B8+rd notation means the 32-bit register operand (rd for “register double word”) is added to the opcode instead of having a ModR/M byte. It’s followed by a 32-bit immediate value (id for “integer double word”). That’s a total of 5 bytes. The “/0” in second means 0 goes in the “reg” field of ModR/M, and the whole instruction is followed by the 32-bit immediate (id). That’s a total of 6 bytes. Since this is longer, we’ll use the first encoding. So, that’s opcode 0xB8 + 0, since eax is register number 0, followed by 60 (0x3C) as a little endian, 4-byte value. Here’s the encoding for the second instruction: B8 3C 00 00 00
 The final instruction is a cakewalk. There are no operands, it comes in only one form of two operands. 0F 05   SYSCALL
 So the encoding for this instruction is: 0F 05
 Putting it all together the program is 9 bytes: 31 FF B8 3C 00 00 00 0F 05
 Aren’t you glad you don’t normally have to assemble entire programs by hand? Constructing the ELF Back in the old days you may have been able to simply drop these bytes into a file and execute it. That’s how DOS COM programs worked. But this definitely won’t work if you tried it on Linux. Binaries must be in the Executable and Linking Format (ELF). This format tells the loader how to initialize the program in memory and how to start it. Fortunately for this program we’ll only need to fill out two structures: the ELF header and one program header. The binary will be the ELF header, followed immediately by the program header, followed immediately by the program. To fill this binary out, we’d use whatever method the virus left behind for writing raw bytes to a file. For now I’ll assume the echo command is still available, and we’ll use hexadecimal \xNN escapes to write raw bytes. If this isn’t available, you might need to use the magnetic needle and steady hand method, or the butterflies. The very first structure in an ELF file must be the ELF header, from the ELF specification (1):     typedef struct {
        unsigned char e_ident[EI_NIDENT];
        uint16_t      e_type;
        uint16_t      e_machine;
        uint32_t      e_version;
        ElfN_Addr     e_entry;
        ElfN_Off      e_phoff;
        ElfN_Off      e_shoff;
        uint32_t      e_flags;
        uint16_t      e_ehsize;
        uint16_t      e_phentsize;
        uint16_t      e_phnum;
        uint16_t      e_shentsize;
        uint16_t      e_shnum;
        uint16_t      e_shstrndx;
    } ElfN_Ehdr;
 No other data is at a fixed location because this header specifies where it can be found. If you’re writing a C program in the future, once compilers have been bootstrapped back into existence, you can access this structure in elf.h. The ELF header The EI_NIDENT macro is 16, so e_ident is 16 bytes. The first 4 bytes are fixed: 0x7F, E, L, F. The 5th byte is called EI_CLASS: a 32-bit program (ELFCLASS32 = 1) or a 64-bit program (ELFCLASS64 = 2). This will be a 64-bit program (2). The 6th byte indicates the integer format (EI_DATA). The one we want for x86-64 is ELFDATA2LSB (1), two’s complement, little-endian. The 7th byte is the ELF version (EI_VERSION), always 1 as of this writing. The 8th byte is the ABI (ELF_OSABI), which in this case is ELFOSABI_SYSV (0). The 9th byte is the version (EI_ABIVERSION), which is just 0 again. The rest is zero padding. So writing the ELF header: echo -ne '\x7FELF\x02\x01\x01\x00' > true
echo -ne '\x00\x00\x00\x00\x00\x00\x00\x00' >> true
 The next field is the e_type. This is an executable program, so it’s ET_EXEC (2). Other options are object files (ET_REL = 1), shared libraries (ET_DYN = 3), and core files (ET_CORE = 4). echo -ne '\x02\x00' >> true
 The value for e_machine is EM_X86_64 (0x3E). This value isn’t in the ELF specification but rather the ABI document (§4.1.1). On BSD this is instead named EM_AMD64. echo -ne '\x3E\x00' >> true
 For e_version it’s always 1, like in the header. echo -ne '\x01\x00\x00\x00' >> true
 The e_entry field will be 8 bytes because this is a 64-bit ELF. This is the virtual address of the program’s entry point. It’s where the loader will pass control and so it’s where we’ll load the program. The typical entry address is somewhere around 0x400000. For a reason I’ll explain shortly, our entry point will be 120 bytes (0x78) after that nice round number, at 0x40000078. echo -ne '\x78\x00\x00\x40\x00\x00\x00\x00' >> true
 The e_phoff field holds the offset of the program header table. The ELF header is 64 bytes (0x40) and this structure will immediately follow. It’s also 8 bytes. echo -ne '\x40\x00\x00\x00\x00\x00\x00\x00' >> true
 The e_shoff header holds the offset of the section table. In an executable program we don’t need sections, so this is zero. echo -ne '\x00\x00\x00\x00\x00\x00\x00\x00' >> true
 The e_flags field has processor-specific flags, which in our case is just 0. echo -ne '\x00\x00\x00\x00' >> true
 The e_ehsize holds the size of the ELF header, which, as I said, is 64 bytes (0x40). echo -ne '\x40\x00' >> true
 The e_phentsize is the size of one program header, which is 56 bytes (0x38). echo -ne '\x38\x00' >> true
 The e_phnum field indicates how many program headers there are. We only need the one: the segment with the 9 program bytes, to be loaded into memory. echo -ne '\x01\x00' >> true
 The e_shentsize is the size of a section header. We’re not using this, but we’ll do our due diligence. These are 64 bytes (0x40). echo -ne '\x40\x00' >> true
 The e_shnum field is the number of sections (0). echo -ne '\x00\x00' >> true
 The e_shstrndx is the index of the section with the string table. It doesn’t exist, so it’s 0. echo -ne '\x00\x00' >> true
 The program header Next is our program header.     typedef struct {
        uint32_t   p_type;
        uint32_t   p_flags;
        Elf64_Off  p_offset;
        Elf64_Addr p_vaddr;
        Elf64_Addr p_paddr;
        uint64_t   p_filesz;
        uint64_t   p_memsz;
        uint64_t   p_align;
    } Elf64_Phdr;
 The p_type field indicates the segment type. This segment will hold the program and will be loaded into memory, so we want PT_LOAD (1). Other kinds of segments set up dynamic loading and such. echo -ne '\x01\x00\x00\x00' >> true
 The p_flags field gives the memory protections. We want executable (PF_X = 1) and readable (PF_R = 4). These are ORed together to make 5. echo -ne '\x05\x00\x00\x00' >> true
 The p_offset is the file offset for the content of this segment. This will be the program we assembled. It will immediately follow the this header. The ELF header was 64 bytes, plus a 56 byte program header, which is 120 (0x78). echo -ne '\x78\x00\x00\x00\x00\x00\x00\x00' >> true
 The p_vaddr is the virtual address where this segment will be loaded. This is the entry point from before. A restriction is that this value must be congruent with p_offset modulo the page size. That’s why the entry point was offset by 120 bytes. echo -ne '\x78\x00\x00\x40\x00\x00\x00\x00' >> true
 The p_paddr is unused for this platform. echo -ne '\x00\x00\x00\x00\x00\x00\x00\x00' >> true
 The p_filesz is the size of the segment in the file: 9 bytes. echo -ne '\x09\x00\x00\x00\x00\x00\x00\x00' >> true
 The p_memsz is the size of the segment in memory, also 9 bytes. It might sound redundant, but these are allowed to differ, in which case it’s either truncated or padded with zeroes. echo -ne '\x09\x00\x00\x00\x00\x00\x00\x00' >> true
 The p_align indicates the segment’s alignment. We don’t care about alignment. echo -ne '\x00\x00\x00\x00\x00\x00\x00\x00' >> true
 Append the program Finally, append the program we assembled at the beginning. echo -ne '\x31\xFF\xB8\x3C\x00\x00\x00\x0F\x05' >> true
 Set it executable (hopefully chmod survived!): chmod +x true
 And test it: ./true && echo 'Success'
 Here’s the whole thing as a shell script: make-true.sh Is the C compiler done bootstrapping yet? linux x86 « Baking Data with Serialization Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus null program Chris Wellons (PGP) Index Categories Showcase GitHub Feed All information on this blog, unless otherwise noted, is hereby released into the public domain, with no rights reserved.
Skip to content Satellite Press Releases pr @ satprnews.com Global Cloud Security Market 2016 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2021 This report studies Cloud Security in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India PUNE, MAHARASTRA, INDIA, November 18, 2016 /EINPresswire.com/ — Summary This report studies Cloud Security in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India, focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with Production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering IBM Intel Symantec Alertlotic Skyhigh Newworks Netiq Porticor Cisco Accenture Akamai HP Request a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/750087-global-cloud-security-market-research-report-2016 Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue, market share and growth rate of Cloud Security in these regions, from 2011 to 2021 (forecast), like North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India Split by product type, with production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into APP ATTACK SUSPICIOUS ACTIVITY BRUTE FORCE Others Split by application, this report focuses on consumption, market share and growth rate of Cloud Security in each application, can be divided into Application 1 Application 2 Application 3 At any Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/750087-global-cloud-security-market-research-report-2016 Table of Contents Global Cloud Security Market Research Report 2016 1 Cloud Security Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Cloud Security 1.2 Cloud Security Segment by Type 1.2.1 Global Production Market Share of Cloud Security by Type in 2015 1.2.2 APP ATTACK 1.2.3 SUSPICIOUS ACTIVITY 1.2.4 BRUTE FORCE 1.2.5 Others 1.3 Cloud Security Segment by Application 1.3.1 Cloud Security Consumption Market Share by Application in 2015 1.3.2 Application 1 1.3.3 Application 2 1.3.4 Application 3 1.4 Cloud Security Market by Region 1.4.1 North America Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.2 Europe Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.3 China Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.4 Japan Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.5 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.6 India Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Cloud Security (2011-2021) 7 Global Cloud Security Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 7.1 IBM 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.1.2 Cloud Security Product Type, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Type I 7.1.2.2 Type II 7.1.3 IBM Cloud Security Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 Intel 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.2.2 Cloud Security Product Type, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Type I 7.2.2.2 Type II 7.2.3 Intel Cloud Security Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.3 Symantec 7.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.3.2 Cloud Security Product Type, Application and Specification 7.3.2.1 Type I 7.3.2.2 Type II 7.3.3 Symantec Cloud Security Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.4 Alertlotic 7.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.4.2 Cloud Security Product Type, Application and Specification 7.4.2.1 Type I 7.4.2.2 Type II 7.4.3 Alertlotic Cloud Security Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.5 Skyhigh Newworks 7.5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.5.2 Cloud Security Product Type, Application and Specification 7.5.2.1 Type I 7.5.2.2 Type II 7.5.3 Skyhigh Newworks Cloud Security Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.6 Netiq 7.6.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.6.2 Cloud Security Product Type, Application and Specification 7.6.2.1 Type I 7.6.2.2 Type II 7.6.3 Netiq Cloud Security Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.6.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.7 Porticor 7.7.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.7.2 Cloud Security Product Type, Application and Specification 7.7.2.1 Type I 7.7.2.2 Type II 7.7.3 Porticor Cloud Security Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.7.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.8 Cisco 7.8.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.8.2 Cloud Security Product Type, Application and Specification 7.8.2.1 Type I 7.8.2.2 Type II 7.8.3 Cisco Cloud Security Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.8.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.9 Accenture 7.9.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.9.2 Cloud Security Product Type, Application and Specification 7.9.2.1 Type I 7.9.2.2 Type II 7.9.3 Accenture Cloud Security Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.9.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.10 Akamai 7.10.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.10.2 Cloud Security Product Type, Application and Specification 7.10.2.1 Type I 7.10.2.2 Type II 7.10.3 Akamai Cloud Security Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.10.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.11 HP Buy Now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=750087 …..Continued NORAH TRENT Wise Guy Reports +91 841 198 5042 email us here Author: Monika Donimirska Editor View all posts by Monika Donimirska Author Monika DonimirskaPosted on November 18, 2016November 18, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Toys & Games: Consumption, Demand, Sales, Competitor and Forecast 2016 – 2021 Next Next post: Backlight Module Market Focuses on Top Manufacturers,Key Vendors,Applications in Global Forecast 2016 to 2021 Search for: Search Recent Posts Alexandra's Announces a Much Anticipated Winter Holiday Sale: November 25th and 26th, 2016 Modern Hospitality Tips for the Holidays With Chef Whitney Miller Raw Paws All Natural Treats Partners With Amazon via Seller Fulfilled Prime Fiat Chrysler Automobiles Celebrates 7.8 Billion YouTube Music Video Views With Two-minute Commercial During 2016 American Music Awards Tonight (Sunday, November 20) Coast Guard, locals save 6 from boat sinking off New Bedford, MA Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 September 2013 June 2013 March 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 July 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 April 2010 March 2010 August 2009 January 1970 Categories Satellite Space Flights Uncategorized VSAT Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Satellite Press Releases Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content Fone Arena The Mobile Blog Menu Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Google and Intel team up to push enterprise cloud adoption Google and Intel have entered into a strategic alliance to support and accelerate enterprise adoption of the cloud. The alliance will focus on technology integrations and joint market education efforts. The duo will explore technology solutions for enterprise customers in the areas of Kubernetes, machine learning, IoT and security, combining Google Cloud software capabilities with Intel’s advanced hardware. The alliance will focus on optimizing Kubernetes for Intel architecture to improve workload capabilities, including virtual network performance and prioritization of shared resources. Accelerating TensorFlow performance on Intel processors, for example by allowing TensorFlow to leverage all CPU cores and vector lanes for improved parallelism, integrating high-performance libraries such as the Math Kernel library (MKL) into TensorFlow, and optimizing memory allocation and data layer operations across a range of topologies. Creating a secure platform for connecting Intel’s IoT edge devices to Google Cloud Platform (GCP), where the data can be analyzed to inform better decisions.  Enhancing security integrations between Intel hardware and GCP infrastructure that will further improve security for enterprise customers. Along with new joint cloud solutions Google and Intel will focus on developing technical education and market development materials that support the IT practitioners. Source "Google and Intel team up to push enterprise cloud adoption", 3 out of 5 based on 4 ratings. Author: Sneha Bokil Sneha Bokil is a tech enthusiast and is currently using Nexus 5X but she still treasures her Nokia N70 (M). You can follow her on Twitter @snehabokil and on Google+ View all posts by Sneha Bokil Author Sneha BokilPosted on November 18, 2016Categories Google, Intel Post navigation Previous Previous post: Amazon Prime Video to launch in 200 countries including India next month Next Next post: Google Home Unboxing Trending Phones OnePlus 3 Xiaomi Mi Max Gionee S6 Pro Le 2 Pro Le 2 Le Max 2 Mobile Phones Nokia Sony Ericsson Samsung Motorola i-Mate Dopod HTC LG 02 BlackBerry Sagem Haier palmOne HP Spice Fly Apple Latest Phones Lenovo Phab 2 Lenovo Phab 2 Plus Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto Z Force Reliance Lyf Wind 5 Featured Video Subscribe to FA on YouTube Recent Posts Samsung Galaxy A7 (2017) with 16MP front and rear cameras receives Bluetooth certification Google rolls out Play Store and Android Apps to four more Chromebooks Huawei P10 with dual rear Leica cameras surface OnePlus 3 OxygenOS Open Beta 7 brings audio tuner, November Android security update and more Huawei Mate 9 Lite with 5.5-inch 1080p display, dual rear cameras, 4GB RAM announced Weekly Roundup: Vivo V5 20MP selfie smartphone, OnePlus 3T, World’s thinnest Acer laptop and more HTC schedules an event in Taiwan on Nov 22, water-resistant HTC 10 Evo with Android 7.0 expected Apple could integrate Augmented Reality technology into iPhone camera app Reliance Jio starts testing doorstep SIM card delivery through pilot program Xiaomi Mi MIX Nano surfaces, Apple exploring iPhone production in the US and more – FoneArena Daily CategoriesCategories Select Category 2 in 1 3G 4G Accessories Acer Aircel Airtel Alcatel Amazon Android Announcements AOC Apple apps Articles askFA AskFoneArena Asus AT&T Bada Battery test Benchmarks Bharti Blackberry BlackBerry World Blogging Bluetooth Brands BSNL BT Byond Camera Samples Canada Cases CDMA CeBIT Celkon CES CES 2013 CES 2014 CES 2015 CES 2016 Chaze Cheers China china Computex 2014 Computex 2015 Computex 2016 Contributors Coolpad CREO CTIA Datawind Dell Development development Digiflip Pro Domo Dual SIM EE Elephone eReaders EV-DO Events Exclusive Facebook Featured Firefox Fitness Trackers Fly FoneArena Daily FoneArena Labs G Five Games G’FIVE General Gifts Gionee Google GPRS GPS GSM Guides Handsets Headlines HP HTC Huawei Hutch iBall iberry IDEA IFA India Infocus INQ Instagram Photo Contest Intek Intel Interviews Intex IoT iPad iPhone itel Japan Japan Java / J2ME Jio Jolla Karbonn Lava LeEco Lemon Lenovo LeTV LG Linux Luxury Maemo Magicon Manufacturers Maxx MeeGo Meizu Memory Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTNL MTS Multimedia MWC MWC 2010 MWC 2011 MWC 2012 MWC 2013 MWC 2014 MWC 2015 MWC 2016 News Nexian Nextbit NFC Nokia Nokia World 2009 Nokia World 2010 Nokia World 2011 Nokia-Siemens O2 Obi OnePlus Operators Oplus Oppo Palm Palm Panasonic Phicomm Philips Photo Gallery Platforms poll Press Releases Previews Qiku Qualcomm Reliance Reliance Reports Reviews Roundup Rumors Sailfish Samsung Sections SEE2009 Sennheiser Simmtronics Singapore Smartisan Smartron Smartwatches SMS Software Sony Sony Ericsson Spice Spice Sprint Swipe Symbian T-Mobile Tablets Tata Docomo Tata Indicom TCL Teardown Technology Tesla Three Tips Tizen TP-LINK Ubuntu uk Ulefone UMi Unboxings Uncategorized Uninor USA VAS Verizon Video Videocon Videocon Vivo Vodafone VR WickedLeak Wifi Win a Nokia E7 Windows Xiaomi Xolo YU Zen Zopo ZTE ZUK FA on Facebook Youtube Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Fone Arena 2005-2016
Tech Startups news   Africa Southern Africa Angola Botswana Lesotho Madagascar Malawi Mozambique Namibia South Africa Swaziland Zimbabwe West Africa Benin Togo Burkina Faso Cameroon Cote D'Ivoire Ghana Guinea Mali Niger Nigeria Senegal Sierra Leone East Africa Ethiopia Kenya Somalia Uganda South Sudan Sudan Tanzania Mauritius Seychelles North Africa Algeria Chad Egypt Libya Morocco Tunisia Central Africa Burundi DR Congo Rwanda Zambia International IT & Telecommunications Agriculture, Horticulture & Forestry Automotive Building & Construction CSI & Sustainability Education & Training Energy & Mining Finance & Insurance Healthcare Human Resources & Recruitment Legal Lifestyle & Entertainment Logistics & Transport Manufacturing Marketing & Media Property & Real Estate Retail Tourism, Travel & Hospitality International Search for: Cactus Capital invests in African fintech startups 18 Nov 2016 | Save | Email | Print |  PDF     Cape Town-based Cactus Capital, the investment arm of Cactus Advisors, has invested in African fintech startups Flutterwave and e-Factor, following its investment into Ugandan-based mobile payment aggregator Intel World International earlier this year. ©Alexander Dubovitskiy via 123RFSpeaking at the Allan Gray Orbis E2 Accelerator programme at Standard Bank Future Labs in Cape Town, Cactus Advisors’ founder and CEO, Zach George said the company was excited to be investing in pioneering fintech companies that had graduated from leading accelerator programmes worldwide. About the startups Flutterwave is a San Francisco-based team of African entrepreneurs, financial services technologists & mobile payment experts that provides end-to-end payments technology and infrastructure which enables payment service providers, global merchants, licensed money transfer operators and pan-African banks to process payments to and from Africa with one API integration. They are a graduate of the Y-Combinator Accelerator in Silicon Valley, whose graduates have included companies such as Airbnb, Dropbox, Stripe, Eventbrite, and Instacart, amongst several others. E-Factor is a South African-based fintech company that has created a digital factoring platform where companies can sell their receivable invoices through an auction to investors with the highest bid. By investing in these invoices, investors obtain new short-term investment instruments with low-risk returns. E-Factor (formerly called InvoiceXchange) is a graduate of the Barclays Tech Lab Africa Accelerator. Advertisement IWI Africa, also a graduate of the Tech Lab Africa Accelerator Programme, is a Uganda-based Fintech company that aggregates payments and commerce into a single platform that enables businesses to transact with their customers on any mobile device. IWI Africa gives businesses platform solutions enabling them to automate their payments and commerce and ultimately increase revenue and/or reduce their costs and general business efficiencies. Creating an enabling environment “As Cactus Advisors, simply investing into high growth, high impact tech-enabled ventures on the continent is not good enough, unless we critically have the right enabling environment on the continent for tech startups to access markets, channel partners and customers," said George. "Corporate Africa with its powerful consortium of financial services firms, retailers, telecommunication firms, insurance companies and media houses – all of whom are yet to seriously tap into the innovation pipeline that tech startups offer – provides the ideal platform for commercialising proof-of-concept agreements with startups that serves as a perfect risk mitigation shield to investors looking for returns in the African venture capital sector.” George spent three years running the Africa operations of U-Start, a global investment advisory firm for venture capital and private family offices, before he founded Cactus Advisors to pioneer corporate venture capital driven accelerator programmes on the African continent in partnership with Philip Kiracofe, an American venture capitalist and partner at Horizen Ventures Africa. Following on the successes of the Barclays Tech Lab Africa Accelerator where 10 fintech and health-tech ventures raised a collective total of $10million along with seven engagements and Proof of Concept projects with Barclays - the pair were offered to jointly run Startupbootcamp in Africa. Startupbootcamp is a global network of industry focused startup accelerators that scales and grows startups globally by giving them direct access to an international network of the most relevant partners, content, investors and mentors in their sector. ‹    Like Save Email Print PDF Advertisement Comment on thisComment Comment guidelines and disclaimer LEGAL DISCLAIMER: This Message Board accepts no liability of legal consequences that arise from the Message Boards (e.g. defamation, slander, or other such crimes). All posted messages are the sole property of their respective authors. The maintainer does retain the right to remove any message posts for whatever reasons. People that post messages to this forum are not to libel/slander nor in any other way depict a company, entity, individual(s), or service in a false light; should they do so, the legal consequences are theirs alone. Bizcommunity.com will disclose authors' IP addresses to authorities if compelled to do so by a court of law. Read more: venture capital, startup funding, Startupbootcamp, fintech, startup investment, payment technology Related 12th Annual ICT Summit to grace East London Tech is reshaping workforce roles, demographics and expectations GeoJozi Challenge winners bag R300k Teraco sets sights on 50-megawatt data centre News Show more [Desktop site][Go to top] Subscribe to newsletter Invite a friend Contact us About us Send us news Advertising rates sales@bizcommunity.com 0860 812 000 +27 (0)86 552 3703 News News Company news In briefs New appointments New business Latest newsletter Most read MyBiz My newsfeed My profile Edit my profile My favourites My connections My groups My followers Following people Press offices Press office news Press offices Press office listings Press office info Jobs Jobs offered Jobs wanted My saved jobs My CV Recruiters Companies recruiting Submit a job Recruitment login Events All events Industry events Workshops Other Calendar Submit event Contributors Articles Contributors A-Z People Find people People you may know Invite people Edit my profile Companies Company listings Associations My company Press offices Lifestyle Multimedia Image Submit gallery Biztakeouts Radio Advertising rates My Account Contact us
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Review: Koogeek Smart Plug is a simple, inexpensive, WiFi HomeKit device to get started with Siri home automation Trending in Apple Comment: Given the ultra-low repairability of the new MacBook Pro, I’m getting AppleCare this time Trending in Apple Send in the Clones: If Apple doesn’t want to innovate the desktop Mac, it should let others Trending in Apple Hands-on impressions: 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple MacBook Pro Diary: I’ve come to terms with the fact that it’s the end of the line for upgradable MacBooks Trending in Apple Comment: Apple selling a $79 MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable is a step too far November 17 AAPL: 109.95 -0.04 Send in the Clones: If Apple doesn’t want to innovate the desktop Mac, it should let others Chance Miller - 3 days ago @ChanceHMiller Feature Mac View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Seemingly neglected with the latest round of Mac refreshes are Apple’s desktop offerings. While the MacBook Pro was dramatically overhauled this year with a new design, faster internals, an all-new Touch Bar, and more, the desktop offerings, specifically the Mac mini and Mac Pro, were left untouched. In fact, while the iMacs were last updated a little over a year ago, it has been since 2014 when the Mac mini saw even a speed bump and you have to go back over 1000 days to 2013 when the Mac Pro was updated with Apple VP of Marketing Phil Schiller rather ironically saying “can’t innovate anymore my ass.” Apple’s inattention in this area has left many to question whether or not either standalone Mac has a future or if Apple could push the less lucrative desktop business into the hands of another company. Doing so could keep Apple’s customers happy and offer significant time and monetary incentives for Apple… Apple dramatically overhauled the Mac Pro back in 2013 with an all-new cylindrical design. The design is significantly smaller than the previous tower-esque Mac Pro, giving it a much smaller footprint. Apple also, of course, notably improved the speed capabilities of the Mac Pro with the 2013 refresh. But the updated design made it more difficult for users to perform their own upgrades after purchasing the machine. As CPUs and GPUs have gotten faster since 2013, Mac Pro users have been left behind. Almost a year ago, Oculus founder Palmer Luckey said: It boils down to the fact that Apple doesn’t prioritize high-end GPUs. You can a buy $6,000 Mac Pro with the top of the line AMD FirePro D700 and it still doesn’t meet our recommended spec. If they prioritize higher-end GPUs like they used to for awhile back in the day, I think we’d love to support Mac. Since 2013, the Mac Pro has not been touched by Apple. There haven’t been any spec bumps, design tweaks, or port changes since then. In fact, the Mac Pro still features four outdated USB-A ports and 6 Thunderbolt 2 ports, technologies that Apple is quickly moving away from on their laptops, as evident by the new MacBook and MacBook Pro. It’s much of the same with the Mac mini. That machine was first released in 2005, and eventually morphed into the small aluminum square that we have today. The point is that for years Apple kept the Mac mini up to date, with yearly design refreshes, and/or spec upgrades. In fact, both machines had been updated almost every year prior to Tim Cook taking over Apple in 2011. After Cook’s takeover, Mac mini/Pro updates all but stopped. It’s impossible to know if these things are related but it is certainly notable. The Mac mini was last updated in 2014 with an under-the-hood spec bump to bring it up to date with Intel’s Haswell processors. The last dramatic design update to the Mac mini came in 2010 with the switch to a unibody aluminum design, meaning the Mac mini has been largely the same in terms of design for 6 years now. With the Mac Pro and Mac mini both lagging significantly behind in terms of upgrades, I’m really starting to question Apple’s commitment to the Mac desktop market. Apple didn’t mention either device at its Mac-focused event last month, and that’s just the continuation of a trend that has been ongoing for years now. Apple’s inattention to the Mac Pro and Mac mini comes at a time when PC manufacturers are pushing forward with machines similar to the ones Apple pioneered. For instance, just yesterday HP introduced its new Z2 Mini (Above), which if you’ve ever seen a Mac mini and imagine it morphed with a Mac Pro, should look very familiar. The Z2 Mini comes starts at $699 and significantly out-powers the most recent Mac mini by a long shot. In fact, with the latest Xeon processors and NVIDIA Quadro Pro Graphics, I’m pretty sure it could give the 3-year-old Mac Pro a run for its money. Further proving its lack of interest in desktop machines is Apple’s move to seemingly outsource its display business to LG. Alongside the new MacBook Pros, Apple announced that it had worked with LG on new UltraFine 4K and 5K standalone monitors, just months after the (very outdated) Thunderbolt Display was discontinued and it remarked that it was out of the display business. How is Apple going to market standalone Mac models without offering a first-party display to go along with them? While LG’s displays appear to be very good, Apple/Mac purists aren’t in love with the black plastic matte bezels, and quite frankly, the lack of an Apple logo. Furthermore, Apple’s own marketing seems to suggest that it designed the new MacBook Pro as a machine that can be used both on-the-go and at a desk. During the unveil event, Apple showed the above image while touting the capabilities of Thunderbolt 3 and USB-C. The image shows a MacBook Pro powering an entire desk setup, including two monitors and a variety of other equipment. Apple’s logic here seems to be, “Why should a person have two different machines for desk and on-the-go work when one can do both?” It’s clear that Apple’s interest in the desktop market is waning. And given the company’s focus on lucrative, mass markets, it makes sense that the Mac mini and Mac Pro wouldn’t be a top priority. There are, however, ways that Apple can continue to please desktop users while also focusing on other products. One possibility here would be for Apple to set macOS free and license it to be installed on the hardware from other companies.  Apple could work closely with the companies to ensure that everything is up to par, but this still seems like a long shot.  Apple of course ran a clone program as its fortunes waned in the 90s at the hands of Microsoft. After fighting off fakes for years, the company launched an official clone program for Mac OS that saw it license the operating system to other manufacturers in order to help it penetrate the market at a faster rate. Mostly, clones just cannibalized Apple sales and undercut its pricing. One of the 1st things Steve Jobs did when he came back to Apple was kill off the clone licensing program. But Apple doesn’t seem care about its waning desktop Mac numbers (or so it would seem). If Apple could create a lock in system on its own terms, it could stand to make a lot of money with very little effort (even less than it is exerting now). When you think about it, there’s very little Apple-exclusive hardware in a Mac. Apple’s newest Macs feature the Apple T1 chip for Touch ID and Touch Bar, but everything else is pretty much off the shelf PC product purchased from other companies: RAM/SSDs from Samsung, GPUs from Nvidia/AMD and of course processors from Intel. As for the Touch Bar, Apple could sell a standalone Magic Keyboard with Touch Bar, as we’ve suggested in the past. This would allow for Apple to still have control Touch ID and the secure enclave which gives access to the Mac identity whether it is stored in the cloud or on an encrypted local SSD. So picture this: a pair of desktop-oriented Macs, manufactured by a third-party, with licensed macOS running on them and a standalone Magic Keyboard with Touch Bar sold by Apple. This would allow for Apple to focus its attention on its other products and continuing to innovate in new categories, as well. Even if this doesn’t come to fruition– and let’s be honest, it’s a long shot – it’s becoming more and more apparent that Apple is shifting its focus from the desktop to the laptop, iPad, iPhone, and Apple Watch. With the company’s product lineup becoming more personal (whether or not that’s a good thing is an entirely different argument), less commercially popular devices like the Mac mini and Mac Pro are seemingly being ignored. And Apple seems to have no regrets about that. It’s been 1,064 days since the Mac Pro was upgraded and 763 days since the Mac mini was upgraded…and counting and no other products are expected until 2017. As a comparison, Apple last updated the iPod Classic in 2009 and discontinued it 5 years later in 2014 after it couldn’t get any more parts. What do you think about Apple’s commitment to the desktop market? Guides Mac View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Michael Flynn, Trump’s reported pick for national security adviser, sat in on intel briefings — while advising foreign clients Michael Isikoff Chief Investigative Correspondent Yahoo NewsNovember 18, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share View photos Retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn talks to media as he arrives at Trump Tower, Nov. 17, 2016, in New York. (Photo: Carolyn Kaster/AP)More Retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn, who has reportedly been offered the role of national security adviser in Donald Trump’s White House, began receiving classified national security briefings last summer while he was also running a private consulting firm that offered “all-source intelligence support” to international clients. Flynn’s relationship with his overseas clients is coming in for new scrutiny amid recent disclosures that two months ago, during the height of the presidential campaign, his consulting firm, the Flynn Intel Group, registered to lobby for a Dutch company owned by a wealthy Turkish businessman close to President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey. Robert Kelley, the chief counsel to the Flynn Intel Group, read a statement from Flynn to Yahoo News on Thursday, promising that “if I return to government service, my relationship with my company will be severed, in accordance with the policy announced by President-elect Trump.” But critics today dismissed Flynn’s pledge as “Too little, too late,” given that he began sitting in on U.S. intelligence briefings for Trump in August while working for foreign clients. Classified national security briefings are by tradition provided to the major presidential candidates and their top aides. “This is profoundly troubling and should be disqualifying,” said Norm Eisen, who served as President Obama’s ethics adviser and later as an ambassador to the Czech Republic. He predicted that if Flynn is named as Trump’s national security adviser, “there will be wholesale resignations of national security professionals, and I believe some have already drafted their resignation letters.” On Wednesday, the White House press secretary, Josh Earnest, said that President Obama had authorized that the President’s Daily Brief (PDB) materials also be provided to Trump, Vice President-elect Mike Pence and “designated” members of Trump’s transition team. The PDB comprises some of the most sensitive intelligence in the U.S. government, beyond the national security briefings Trump received as the Republican nominee. But White House officials declined to say Thursday whether Flynn — an “executive” member of the Trump transition team and his chief foreign policy adviser during the campaign — was among those so designated. Flynn was not in attendance on Tuesday when Trump received his first PDB briefing at Trump Tower, according to a source familiar with the matter. Trump transition officials did not respond to requests for comment. View photos Donald Trump, left, jokes with retired Gen. Michael Flynn at a rally at Grand Junction Regional Airport on Oct. 18, 2016, in Grand Junction, Colo. (Photo: George Frey/Getty Images)More The criticism of Flynn over his overseas clients came on a day that the Trump transition team announced a sweeping new conflict-of-interest policy that will require all members of the transition team to sever their relationships with lobbying clients and, if they join the administration, forswear lobbying for five years after ending their government service. It does not apply to past lobbying contracts. A transition official said that “instead of looking backward,” the new policy “looks forward.” But according to a copy of a Memorandum of Understanding signed on Election Day, and released today by House Democrats, the Trump transition team, as a condition of receiving government briefing materials, was required to provide a statement to White House chief of staff Denis McDonough last week that all designated members of the transition team had disclosed their financial interests and did not have any conflicts of interest. A Trump transition spokesman did not respond to questions about whether Flynn had made such disclosures.  But Rep. Elijah Cummings, the ranking Democrat on the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, said the terms of the memorandum raise questions about whether Flynn is even eligible to continue to receive national security briefings at this point. The full extent of Flynn’s overseas business is unclear. In the statement released by his lawyer, Flynn said only that his firm — which he described as a “private business intelligence company” — has unnamed “international and domestic clients.” In a brief telephone interview, Kelley, a former Capitol Hill staffer, declined to specify the issues for which the firm was hired to lobby Congress on behalf of Innova BV, a firm based in Holland and owned by the Turkish businessman, Ekim Alptekin. The lobbying disclosure statement filed with the secretary of the Senate on Sept. 30 states only that Flynn’s firm “will advise client on U.S. domestic and foreign policy” and congressional appropriations bills for the State Department. Alptekin, according to his LinkedIn profile, serves as chairman of the Turkish American Business Council, is the founder and president of EA Havacilik, an aerospace firm based in Istanbul, and is “commercially active in the real estate and defense industries” through multiple other companies. He also serves as a member of Turkey’s Foreign Economic Relations Board and, in that role, helped coordinate Erdogan’s visit to the United States earlier this year, according to the Daily Caller, which first reported Flynn’s lobbying contract. View photos Russian President Vladimir Putin, center right, with retired U.S. Lt. Gen. Michael T. Flynn, center left, and Serbian filmmaker Emir Kusturica, obscured, second right, attend an exhibition marking the 10th anniversary of RT (Russia Today), the 24-hour English-language TV news channel in Moscow, on Dec. 10, 2015. (Photo: Mikhail Klimentyev/Sputnik, Kremlin Pool Photo via AP)More Without disclosing his lobbying relationship with the Turkish-owned firm, Flynn published an op-ed in the newspaper the Hill on Election Day, in which he advanced the No. 1 cause of Erdogan’s government: advocating the extradition of Fethullah Gülen, a Turkish exile living in Pennsylvania whom Erdogan has blamed for instigating the failed military coup against his government last summer. In the op-ed, which ran under the headline “Our ally Turkey is in crisis and needs our support,” Flynn described Gülen as a “shady Islamic mullah,” who runs a “vast global network [that] has all the right markings to fit the description of a dangerous sleeper network. From Turkey’s point of view, Washington is harboring Turkey’s Osama bin Laden.” This is the not the first time questions have been raised about Flynn’s overseas ties. Last December, Flynn, who served as director of the Defense Intelligence Agency from 2012 until 2014, flew to Moscow to participate in the 10th anniversary of RT, the Russian government propaganda network. He gave an interview to one of its anchors and attended a gala dinner where he sat at the same table as Russian President Vladimir Putin. In a testy exchange with Yahoo News during the Republican Convention in Cleveland in July, Flynn acknowledged that he was paid through his speakers bureau to attend the RT event, but he declined to say how much. What was striking, according to ethics experts, is that given his overseas consulting business, Flynn began sitting in on classified intelligence briefings with Trump last summer. Flynn was reportedly so assertive during the initial briefing in August, peppering the briefers with rapid-fire questions, that Trump’s adviser Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey, who also attended the briefing, was prompted to try to calm him down by placing a hand on his arm.  Danielle Brian, executive director of the Project on Government Oversight, an outside watchdog group, said that she finds it “deeply disturbing” that Flynn attended these briefings at a time that he was representing foreign clients with interests before the U.S. government. “It’s exactly the kind of foreign entanglements our laws are designed to prevent,” she said. One retired military officer who has advised both Republican and Democratic presidents said of the allegations about Flynn: “If this is true, it’s a disqualifying conflict of interest — if not by ethics laws, certainly in the spirit of conflict of interest, not to mention security regulations. We should be deeply concerned about his ethical judgment, but more specifically how can he possibly provide unbiased advice to the POTUS about Turkey and Russia, when he’s taken money from both.”   Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Mike Pence tries to end the 'Hamilton' drama while Trump stokes the flames Mashable Suddenly, Trump Has Three Middle East Crises on His Hands The Fiscal Times Clinton's Popular Vote Lead Over Trump Now Exceeds 1.5 Million Votes ABC News Ivanka isn’t the only reason these photos of Trump meeting Abe are problematic Quartz Performance of Chicago 'Hamilton' disrupted Chicago Tribune Gold Star family of slain California soldier booed on flight Associated Press Donald Trump's Cabinet Begins to Take Shape ABC News Videos Merkel tells party ready to seek fourth term as chancellor AFP Warplanes pound Aleppo – Dozens dead Yahoo News Photo Staff 8 Arrested in White Lives Matter Protest Clash Near Texas Capitol ABC News Donald Trump Taps Sen. Jeff Sessions for Attorney General ABC News Videos Stephen Colbert and John Oliver Talk Trump, Fake News, and Terrible Stand-Up Gigs Yahoo TV Trump touts retired general as potential defense secretary AFP Trump opponents try to beat him at the Electoral College Associated Press Police fatally shoot Philando Castile in Falcon Heights, Minn. Yahoo News Photo Staff The electoral college and its racist roots Detroit Free Press ‘Get Over It!’: 79-Year-Old Trump Supporter Arrested for Allegedly Vandalizing Children’s Mural Nana: Why on earth would anybody in their right mind try to deface/destroy other people's property, let alone a Mural for children? Deplorable is too nice a word to describe Trump and many of his insane supporters. What 79-year-old man behaves in this manner? This is insanity at it's worse. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 151 Trump Agrees to Pay $25M to Settle Trump University Lawsuit ABC News Videos Report: Cowboys' Tony Romo prefers Denver as his next team Shutdown Corner First Major Winter Storm of the Season Pummels Midwest and Great Lakes Region Good Morning America Blac Chyna Shows Off Tiny Waist and Bare Stomach Less Than Two Weeks After Giving Birth! Entertainment Tonight Syria’s children caught in the crossfire of civil war Yahoo News Photo Staff Supermajority hanging in the balance, state Senate race margin narrows to just 187 votes Los Angeles Times Jennifer Jacobs Says Steve Bannon is 'Donald Trump's Chief Idea Guy' ABC News Videos Candice Swanepoel Flaunts Her Ample Curves in Cute Snap with Baby Son InStyle Trump, Pence address potential of Romney, Mattis in Cabinet Associated Press ‘Saturday Night Live’ Recap: Kristen Wiig Comes Home for Thanksgiving Yahoo TV Protesting the Dakota Access pipeline Yahoo News Photo Staff Photos of the day - November 19, 2016 Yahoo News Photo Staff Remembering Journalist Gwen Ifill ABC News Videos Monaco’s Royal Twins Steal the Show at National Day — and Reveal Their Different Hair Colors People Yale students organize naked celebration just because Dr. Saturday Trump children's roles blur line between transition, company Associated Press Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     Cloud   /   Google, Intel to Collaborate On Cloud, IoT Technologies       Google, Intel to Collaborate on Cloud, IoT Technolgies     By Jaikumar Vijayan  |  Posted 2016-11-17 Print               The alliance will focus on optimizing core Google services including cluster management and machine learning on Intel hardware. Google and Intel will explore new ways of using their respective technologies to deliver high-end cloud services for enterprises. The two technology giants this week announced a strategic alliance that will focus on technology integrations and joint marketing efforts. The partnership builds on an existing relationship between the two companies under which Google has been working with Intel to develop data center processor technologies, Google's head of technology partners Nan Boden announced on the company's Keyword blog. The objective of the new alliance is to find the best way to combine Google's Cloud software capabilities with Intel's advanced hardware in areas like cloud cluster management, machine learning, security and the Internet of Things (IoT). For instance, one core focus area is Kubernetes, Google's container cluster management technology. Intel already plays a big role in the Kubernetes ecosystem, by among other things, enabling organizations to run OpenStack as a Kubernetes workload, Boden said. Engineers from both companies have also delivered code optimizations that enable Kubernetes workloads to run more efficiently on Intel hardware. Under the new alliance Google and Intel will work on further optimizing Intel hardware so it can run a broader range of Kubernetes workloads. Similarly, under the new partnership Google and Intel will work on accelerating the performance of Google’s TensorFlow open source machine learning software library on Intel CPUs. As part of the effort, the two companies will explore how to tweak TensorFlow so it leverages Intel CPU cores more efficiently and takes better advantage of the advanced memory allocation capabilities on the hardware. The alliance also calls for the companies to create what Boden described as a secure platform for connecting Intel's IoT devices to Google Cloud Platform. The goal is to enable better collection and analysis of data from the IoT devices, especially those deployed in industries like manufacturing and retail. The goals on the security front are somewhat less clear. According to Boden, Google and Intel will work on "enhancing security integrations between Intel hardware and [Google Cloud Platform] infrastructure that will further improve security for enterprise customers." She did not elaborate on what exactly is being enhanced and how. The new partnership is part of an ongoing effort by Google to broaden its cloud footprint and its portfolio of offerings for enterprise customers. Only earlier this week the company announced a somewhat similar partnership with Advanced Micro Devices. That alliance calls on Google to deploy AMD's fastest and most powerful server processor in its datacenter. Google has said it plans to use the processors to accelerate performance of its Google Compute Engine and Google Machine Learning services. Google has said it will make the AMD CPU resources, which power applications ranging from complex medical and financial simulations to scientific analysis, available to cloud computing users around the world.           LATEST CLOUD ARTICLES   New Tool Shines Light on $5 Billion Web Traffic Fraud Racket Microsoft's Azure Advisor Helps Customers Float Cloud Applications Early Stage Startup Heptio Aims to Make Kubernetes Friendly Google, Intel to Collaborate on Cloud, IoT Technolgies Social Media Sites Take Risks When Blocking Speech They Don't Like                 Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend         News and Reviews Slideshows IBM Aims Watson at Embodied Cognition Microsoft Advances 'Any Developer, Any App, Any Platform' Strategy Google Will Tag Frequent Violators of Its Site Safety Standards Intel Lights Up the Sky With New Shooting Star Drone Old School Polling Methods Hid Trump's Popularity With Voters 10 Reasons Not to Buy the Apple MacBo... Apple is scheduled to release the MacBook Pro with Touch Bar mid-No... Watch Now                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
Home About The RealtyBizNews Team Contacts Advertise with Us Contributing Writers RealtyBizNews: Real Estate News With the latest on mortgages, refinancing, real estate & home tips Realtors US Real Estate Commercial Featured News Technology Investing Memphis Real Estate International Press Release You are here: Home / Press Release / Intel Unveils Strategy for State-of-the-Art Artificial Intelligence Intel Unveils Strategy for State-of-the-Art Artificial Intelligence November 17, 2016 by press release Leave a Comment Subscribe to our RSS feed to get the latest realty news. You can get our headlines via email as well, or follow us on Twitter. SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 17, 2016 – Intel Corporation today announced a range of new products, technologies and investments from the edge to the data center to help expand and accelerate the growth of artificial intelligence (AI). Intel sees AI transforming the way businesses operate and how people engage with the world. Intel is assembling the broadest set of technology options to drive AI capabilities in everything from smart factories and drones to sports, fraud detection and autonomous cars. At an industry gathering led by Intel CEO Brian Krzanich, Intel shared how both the promise and complexities of AI require an extensive set of leading technologies to choose from and an ecosystem that can scale beyond early adopters. As algorithms become complex and required data sets grow, Krzanich said Intel has the assets and know-how required to drive this computing transformation. In a blog Krzanich said: “Intel is uniquely capable of enabling and accelerating the promise of AI. Intel is committed to AI and is making major investments in technology and developer resources to advance AI for business and society.” Intel’s Robust AI Platform Intel announced plans to usher in the industry’s most comprehensive portfolio for AI – the Intel® Nervana™ platform. Built for speed and ease of use, the Intel Nervana portfolio is the foundation for highly optimized AI solutions, enabling more data professionals to solve the world’s biggest challenges on industry standard technology. Today, Intel powers 97 percent of data center servers running AI workloads and offers the most flexible, yet performance-optimized, portfolio of solutions. This includes Intel® Xeon® processors and Intel® Xeon Phi™ processors to more workload-optimized accelerators, including FPGAs (field-programmable gate arrays) and the technology innovations acquired from Nervana. Intel also provided details of where the breakthrough technology from Nervana will be integrated into the product roadmap. Intel will test first silicon (code-named “Lake Crest”) in the first half of 2017 and will make it available to key customers later in the year. In addition, Intel announced a new product (code-named “Knights Crest”) on the roadmap that tightly integrates best-in-class Intel Xeon processors with the technology from Nervana. Lake Crest is optimized specifically for neural networks to deliver the highest performance for deep learning and offers unprecedented compute density with a high-bandwidth interconnect. “We expect the Intel Nervana platform to produce breakthrough performance and dramatic reductions in the time to train complex neural networks,” said Diane Bryant, executive vice president and general manager of the Data Center Group at Intel. “Before the end of the decade, Intel will deliver a 100-fold increase in performance that will turbocharge the pace of innovation in the emerging deep learning space.” Bryant also announced that Intel expects the next generation of Intel Xeon Phi processors (code-named “Knights Mill”) will deliver up to 4x better performance1 than the previous generation for deep learning and will be available in 2017. In addition, Intel announced it is shipping a preliminary version of the next generation of Intel Xeon processors (code-named “Skylake”) to select cloud service providers. With AVX-512, an integrated acceleration advancement, these Intel Xeon processors will significantly boost the performance of inference for machine learning workloads. Additional capabilities and configurations will be available when the platform family launches in mid-2017 to meet the full breadth of customer segments and requirements. Enabling AI Everywhere and Cloud Alliance with Google* Aside from silicon, Intel highlighted other AI assets, including Intel Saffron Technology™, a leading solution for customers looking for business insights. The Saffron Technology platform leverages memory-based reasoning techniques and transparent analysis of heterogeneous data. This technology is also particularly well-suited to small devices, making intelligent local analytics possible across IoT and helping advance state-of the-art collaborative AI. To simplify deployment everywhere, Intel also delivers common, intelligent APIs that extend across Intel’s distributed portfolio of processors from edge to cloud, as well as embedded technologies such as Intel® RealSense™ cameras and Movidius* vision processing units (VPUs). Intel and Google announced a strategic alliance to help enterprise IT deliver an open, flexible and secure multi-cloud infrastructure for their businesses. The collaboration includes technology integrations focused on Kubernetes* (containers), machine learning, security and IoT. To further AI research and strategy, Intel announced the formation of the Intel Nervana AI board, which will feature leading industry and academic thought leaders. Intel announced four founding members: Yoshua Bengio (University of Montreal), Bruno Olshausen (UC Berkeley), Jan Rabaey (UC Berkeley) and Ron Dror (Stanford University). Additionally, Intel is working to make AI truly accessible. To help accomplish this, Intel has introduced the Intel Nervana AI Academy for broad developer access to training and tools. Intel also introduced the Intel Nervana Graph Compiler to accelerate deep learning frameworks on Intel silicon. In conjunction with the AI Academy, Intel announced a partnership with global leading education provider Coursera* to provide a series of AI online courses to the academic community. Intel also launched a Kaggle Competition (coming in January) jointly with Mobile ODT* where the academic community can put their AI skills to the test to solve real-world socioeconomic problems, such as early detection for cervical cancer in developing countries through the use of AI for soft tissue imaging. “Intel can offer crucial technologies to drive the AI revolution, but ultimately we must work together as an industry – and as a society – to achieve the ultimate potential of AI,” said Doug Fisher, senior vice president and general manager of the Software and Services Group at Intel. With the addition of the new edge and data center products, as well as the enablement programs, Intel has the full complement of technologies and ecosystem reach required to deliver the scale and promise of AI for everyone. About Intel: Intel (NASDAQ: INTC) expands the boundaries of technology to make the most amazing experiences possible. Information about Intel can be found at newsroom.intel.com and intel.com. Speak Your Mind Cancel reply Name * Email * Website Follow Realty Biz News In other news… More consumers plan to Shop Small this Small Business Saturday Court Case to Lower ATM Fees Re-Instated Trump Organization Signs Indian Real Estate Deal AirSelfie Launches Best Pocket-Sized Flying Camera for Smartphones SmartAsset study reveals cities where rents are getting cheaper Tips and tricks of the trade Maximizing Value: 4 Things You Should Fix Before You Sell Your Home November 18, 2016 By Guest Author Take Better Photos With These 5 Easy Tricks Custom Built Home: How To Make Your Dream Become Reality Commercial Stainless Steel Sinks Are a Versatile Choice Real Estate Market Today Trulia warns of shrinking home inventories September 28, 2016 By Mike Wheatley Digital Realtor Roundup: Memphis, Tennessee Digital Realtor Roundup: Cleveland, Ohio Chande supports view that potential lies outside capital Real Estate Technology AirSelfie Launches Best Pocket-Sized Flying Camera for Smartphones November 18, 2016 By press release 5 Social Media Marketing Tips for Real Estate Agents for 2016 Twitter’s Choice to Ban Right-Wing Users Could Prove Risky Zillow identifies energy-efficient home hot spots All contents © Copyright 2013 RealtyBizNew · All rights reserved.
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Broad Institute Teams Up With Intel To Integrate Genomic Data From Diverse Sources And Enhance Genomic Data Analytic Capabilities FIVE-YEAR COLLABORATION TO HELP RESEARCHERS TAKE ADVANTAGE OF INCREASINGLY LARGE, COMPLEX, AND DISCONNECTED DATASETS News provided by Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard Nov 17, 2016, 15:50 ET Share this article CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Nov. 17, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- The Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard today announced a $25 million collaboration with Intel Corporation to scale researchers' ability to analyze massive amounts of genomic data from diverse sources worldwide. Through a five-year collaboration, researchers and software engineers at the new Intel-Broad Center for Genomic Data Engineering will build, optimize, and widely share new tools and infrastructure that will help scientists integrate and process genomic data. The project aims to optimize best practices in hardware and software for genome analytics to make it possible to combine and use research data sets that reside on private, public, and hybrid clouds. Continue Reading Broad Institute Logo The project will enable researchers worldwide to run more data-intensive studies and generate robust results more quickly by accessing data that may have been unavailable to them before. "The size of genomic datasets doubles about every eight months and, as it does, the challenge of acquiring, processing, storing, and analyzing this information increases as well," said Eric Banks, director of the Data Sciences and Data Engineering group at the Broad Institute. "Working with Intel, we plan to build out solutions that can work across different infrastructures to facilitate efficient processing of these growing data sets, and then make these tools openly available for researchers worldwide. Our work is a step toward building something analogous to a superhighway to connect disparate databases of genomic information for the advancement of research and precision medicine." Building upon an existing collaboration, the new effort will apply Intel's data analytics and artificial intelligence prowess with Broad's expertise in genomic data generation, health research, and analysis tools toward the goal of building new resources that will promote biomedical discoveries, including those that advance precision medicine. Under the five-year agreement, the Intel-Broad Center for Genomic Data Engineering will focus on three goals: Overcome the challenge of diverse genomic datasets by optimizing Broad's Genome Analytics Toolkit (GATK) best practices hardware recommendations for genomic workloads for on-premise, public cloud, and hybrid cloud use cases.  Simplify and accelerate the execution of genome analytics by optimizing genomics software tools such as GATK, Cromwell, and GenomicsDB on industry standard Intel-based platforms. Empower users such as healthcare providers, pharmaceutical companies and academic research organizations to collaborate by partnering on workflow execution models across complex and distributed datasets. Achieving this goal will enable secure processing of data across organizations, which can stimulate research and discovery, drug discovery, clinical trial recruitment, and ultimately clinical decision-making across the entire research and discovery ecosystem. "Intel and Broad share the common vision of harnessing the power of genomic data and making it widely accessible for research around the world to yield important discoveries," said Diane Bryant, executive vice president and general manager of the Data Center Group for Intel Corporation. "We each bring to the collaboration our unique expertise and capabilities.  At Intel, through the use of artificial intelligence, we are confident we can solve the massive data challenges facing the industry." About the Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard was launched in 2004 to empower this generation of creative scientists to transform medicine. The Broad Institute seeks to describe all the molecular components of life and their connections; discover the molecular basis of major human diseases; develop effective new approaches to diagnostics and therapeutics; and disseminate discoveries, tools, methods, and data openly to the entire scientific community. Founded by MIT, Harvard, Harvard-affiliated hospitals, and the visionary Los Angeles philanthropists Eli and Edythe L. Broad, the Broad Institute includes faculty, professional staff, and students from throughout the MIT and Harvard biomedical research communities and beyond, with collaborations spanning over a hundred private and public institutions in more than 40 countries worldwide. For further information about the Broad Institute, go to http://www.broadinstitute.org. Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20140520/89735 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/broad-institute-teams-up-with-intel-to-integrate-genomic-data-from-diverse-sources-and-enhance-genomic-data-analytic-capabilities-300365440.html SOURCE Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard Related Links http://www.broadinstitute.org Jan 22, 2016, 14:25 ET Preview: Broad Institute Genomic Services partners with Takeda Pharmaceuticals to offer genomic insight into the recently approved therapeutic NINLARO® (ixazomib) My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: Broad Institute Teams Up With Intel To Integrate Genomic Data From Diverse Sources And Enhance Genomic Data Analytic Capabilities News provided by Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard Nov 17, 2016, 15:50 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to content Military Technologies pr @ satprnews.com Intel Unveils Strategy for State-of-the-Art Artificial Intelligence SAN FRANCISCO–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Intel Corporation today announced a range of new products, technologies and investments from the edge to the data center to help expand and accelerate the growth of artificial intelligence (AI). Intel sees AI transforming the way businesses operate and how people engage with the world. Intel is assembling the broadest set of technology options to drive AI capabilities in everything from smart factories and drones to sports, fraud detection and autonomous cars. At Author Anna ChmielewskaPosted on November 17, 2016November 17, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: A.M. Best Revises Outlook to Negative for HAI Group Members Next Next post: Putnam Announces Distribution Rates for Open End Funds Search for: Search Recent Posts Alexandra's Announces a Much Anticipated Winter Holiday Sale: November 25th and 26th, 2016 Modern Hospitality Tips for the Holidays With Chef Whitney Miller Raw Paws All Natural Treats Partners With Amazon via Seller Fulfilled Prime Coast Guard, locals save 6 from boat sinking off New Bedford, MA Fiat Chrysler Automobiles Celebrates 7.8 Billion YouTube Music Video Views With Two-minute Commercial During 2016 American Music Awards Tonight (Sunday, November 20) Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 Categories Space Flight Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Military Technologies Proudly powered by WordPress
Trending: Video: Our holiday gift guide 2016 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Video: New MacBook Pro show-and-tell Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. 7 reasons cloud migrations fail (free online course) What IT admins love/hate about 8 top network monitoring tools SharePoint 2013 cheat sheet IT users review 6 software test management tools More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Gamification Home Tech Location-Based Services Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) Business Process Management (BPM) CRM Collaboration Content/Document Management Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software Integration Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Emerging Technology Car Tech News Intel to invest $250M in self-driving cars The chip maker believes up to 4TB of data may be generated daily from each self-driving car By Lucas Mearian | Follow Senior Writer, Computerworld | Nov 17, 2016 11:16 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Intel Corporation displays its automated driving technology at the Automobility LA conference on Tuesday. Credit: Intel Corp. More like this Delphi, Mobileye partner to bring self-driving system to market by 2019 Nvidia's updated Drive PX 2 computer will drive autonomous cars Volvo, Autoliv to form self-driving car software company Video Mingis on Tech: From superfast SSDs to Bluetooth locks and solar shingles Intel's investment arm, Intel Capital, plans to spend more than $250 million of additional new capital over the next two years to drive the development of autonomous driving technology. During a keynote speech at the LA Auto Show's AutoMobility conference this week, Intel CEO Brian Krzanich emphasized how critical the automotive market has become to the company. Intel Corp. Intel Corporation displays its automated driving technology at the Automobility LA conference on Tuesday. "These investments will drive the development of technologies that push the boundaries on next-generation connectivity, communication, context awareness, deep learning, security, safety and more," Intel said in a news release. The automotive industry is on the cusp of a major transformation, Krzanich said, and that will require an "unprecedented" level of "computing, intelligence and connectivity." Intel's role in autonomous driving technology involves the processors in a variety of sensors, sonar, LiDAR and cameras that will come embedded in autonomous cars, as well as the computers within vehicles that process data from those sensors. That data is also sent back to automakers to help improve the vehicle and self-driving technology. Krzanich said there's a need for the auto industry to be prepared for that data deluge with over 4TB of data being generated from a single car each day. One early study showed autonomous vehicles could product up to 1GB per second of operation. Intel has partnered with self-driving technology makers, such as vehicle camera company Mobileye, and carmakers such as BMW, to produce fully-autonomous vehicles by 2021. Intel said it will also invest in technologies that will drive global Internet of Things (IoT) innovation in transportation; "areas where technology can directly mitigate risks while improving safety, mobility, and efficiency at a reduced cost; and companies that harness the value of the data to improve reliability of automated driving systems." To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Car Tech Computer Processors Computer Hardware Senior Writer Lucas Mearian covers consumer data storage, consumerization of IT, mobile device management, renewable energy, telematics/car tech and entertainment tech for Computerworld. 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Shop Tech Products at Amazon You Might Like Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like China builds world’s fastest supercomputer without U.S. chips China's Sunway TaihuLight theoretical peak performance is 124.5 petaflops. Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis This sortable chart lets you compare dozens of tools for functionality, skill level and more. Windows 10 Anniversary Update: A guide to the builds The Windows 10 Anniversary Update is due this summer -- but if you don’t want to wait, you can install... Popular Resources White Paper Accelerating Retail Activity White Paper Is Virtual Guarding the Future of Security? White Paper Leveraging Video Technology Beyond Loss Prevention in Retail White Paper Online Commerce: Plotting a Course to Personalization Case Study Sponsored Retail Execution Case Study: Carlsberg Go Top Stories Verizon IoT, Swiftmile pilot smart bike-sharing in Santa Clara Verizon will provide 4G LTE connections to the bikes and the solar charging stations where they are... How lifelogging will become easy and automatic Before, only academic supergeeks tracked and recorded everything to achieve a photographic memory. But... Tech skills earning the highest cash premiums -- no certification required Some employers pay cash premiums to their tech professionals for specific hot skills and... The state of solar power looks bright in 2017 (+video) While solar and other forms of renewable energy still amount to a small percentage of all power... Sponsored Links INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 1994 - 2016 Computerworld, Inc. All rights reserved. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Answers IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Close Welcome! Log In|Sign up |Log In|Subscribe Log Out|Manage Your Account Manage Subscriptions E-Edition November 20, 2016 Place an Ad Subscribe Subscriber Services eEdition Advertise With Us Welcome! Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard Disney World using 300 drones in new holiday light show - Dothan Eagle: State Advanced Search Dothan 59° Dothan Eagle Home Contests Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports Alabama Auburn High School Local Recreation Troy Lifestyles Best of Wiregrass Bridal Extravaganza Calendar of Events Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Yardsale Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Place a Classified Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local Home News Ap Disney World using 300 drones in new holiday light show Story Comments Print Create a hardcopy of this page Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Posted: Thursday, November 17, 2016 6:34 am | Updated: 7:01 am, Thu Nov 17, 2016. Disney World using 300 drones in new holiday light show Associated Press | ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) — Walt Disney World is using 300 drones in a new Christmas light show. A dress rehearsal was held Wednesday night, but Disney has not announced dates for the show. The Orlando Sentinel (http://tinyurl.com/jbdvh8o) reports it is believed to be the first time drones will be used in a performance of this magnitude in the U.S. Disney is collaborating with Intel on the project. The show will take place at Disney Springs. Intel's drone weighs less than a volleyball and are equipped with four LED lights that can create over 4 billion color combinations. They can fly for 20 minutes and are allowed to fly as high as 400 feet. All 300 drones are controlled by one computer. Disney has a second 300-drone fleet but has not said what they intend to use it for. ___ Information from: Orlando Sentinel, http://www.orlandosentinel.com/ © 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More about General News ARTICLE: Pedestrian dies in Norfolk after being struck by car ARTICLE: Rutgers confronts ties to slavery in groundbreaking report ARTICLE: Foe dubs proposed Providence high-rises 'towers of evil' ARTICLE: Winning numbers drawn in 'Midday Pick 3' game ARTICLE: Winning numbers drawn in 'Pick 3 Midday' game More about Travel ARTICLE: 6 groups want change in Grand Canyon monument proposal ARTICLE: NY police to crack down on unsafe driving over Thanksgiving ARTICLE: Prequel program prognostications ARTICLE: AAA Carolinas: More people will travel this Thanksgiving Amid wildfires, North Carolina getaway turns to ghost town More about Lifestyle Mountain bikers have options year-round in Central Oregon Mountain bikers have options year-round in Central Oregon ARTICLE: Group tackling food access in Alabama ARTICLE: Preservation foundation restarted for Governor's Mansion ARTICLE: Q&A: Target's chief merchandising officer Mark Tritton Discuss Print Posted in Ap on Thursday, November 17, 2016 6:34 am. Updated: 7:01 am. | Tags: General News, Travel, Lifestyle, Drone Aircraft, Amusement And Theme Parks, Holidays, Occasions, Recreation And Leisure, Leisure Travel | Location Tags: United States, North America Similar Stories Pedestrian dies in Norfolk after being struck by car Foe dubs proposed Providence high-rises 'towers of evil' Students from St. Louis named Rhodes scholars Rutgers confronts ties to slavery in groundbreaking report Cougars reported near Nashwauk now believed to be bobcats Most Read Sheriff Donald Valenza describes search for Amanda Bond Dale County jailer charged with trying to smuggle drugs into jail Amanda Bond's body found two weeks after deputies say she was murdered Four Dothan schools score among best in state on ACT Aspire test UPDATED: LaBrian Stewart fired as Northview head football coach Videos Editor's Picks Will a Trump presidency be good for farmers? While President-elect Donald Trump can’t do anything about the drought, local peanut farmers are “cautiously optimistic” a Trump … Arkansas State blasts No. 25 Troy with strong second half TROY – What began as a defensive slugfest between Arkansas State and No. 25 Troy Thursday ended in a rout thanks to an outstandin… Dothan's Granger inks with AU Equestrian team When she was 8 years old, Terri-June Granger received a horse at Christmas. Monday’s supermoon closest in nearly 70 years You can see the moon bigger and brighter than usual on Monday. National Peanut Festival Parade draws big crowd under mostly sunny skies They made their way toward Main Street, big hands holding little hands, some pushing strollers or pulling wagons. In Case You Missed It < Folklore Brewing creates beer series in military’s honor U.S. Army veteran Brian Brenner said he and his wife, who also serves in the military, stumbled across Folklore Brewing & Meadery during a rec article business Team Alpha Martial Arts Academy blends fitness with education In the center of the room, instructor Kevin Johnson and star pupil Chris Young, a 12-year-old, intently practice maneuvers on the mat in the sport of article local Dante’s Pizza: A family tradition Raffaele Clemente has a very simple motto for running his business. article local Future Masters champ, Alabama star golfer Robby Shelton embraces turning pro Beginning a professional golf career is challenging enough in itself. For former Future Masters champion and University of Alabama standout Robby Shel article local Dancin' Dave now has his own Peanut statue HEADLAND – All due respect to Elvis and the handsome Peanut that bears his likeness in Dothan, but Dancin’ Dave is the King of the Wiregrass. article local > Sections Home News Sports Lifestyles Obituaries Photos Videos Weather Services Contact Us Subscription Rates Submission Forms Site Index Add Search Toolbar Newspapers Enterprise Ledger Jackson Co. Floridan Eufaula Tribune Army Flier Contact us dothaneagle.com dothaneagle.com Phone number: 334-792-3141 E-mail: webmaster@dothaneagle.com Address: 227 N. Oates Street Dothan, AL 36303 Search Search in: All Eufaula Tribune Enterprise Ledger Dothan Eagle Army Flier Photos Video Dothan Eagle, Dothan, AL © 2016 BH Media Group, Inc. Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com. [Terms of Use] Haven’t signed up for All Access yet? Get started here… Screen Name or Email Password Forgot? Login Screen Name or Email Now I remember! Need an account? Create one now. Need more information about All Access? Get all of the details here. If you are a current subscriber and haven’t signed up for All Access yet, get started here.
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Surveillance camera compromised in 98 seconds Launch set for GOES-R satellite capable of 30-second weather updates Hyperloop One settles hangman lawsuit Three CEO confirms hack, 133,827 customers were exposed Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH AWS shines light on Virginia solar scheme EMC crying two SAN breakup tears HPE is creaming Dell in HPC Permabit pulls on Red Hat, opens arms for a Linux cuddle Windows cmd.exe deposed by PowerShell Microsoft ❤️ Linux? Microsoft ❤️ running its Windows' SQL Server software on Linux Mozilla launches 'privacy edition' Firefox... that phones home Alibaba misses Java seat as MicroProfile champ lands a first Surveillance camera compromised in 98 seconds Three to appear in court over TalkTalk hack Hackers' modular worm builder hoses popular team web chat apps Three Mobile, two alleged hackers, one big customer database heist The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Infrastructure as code: The road to continuous everything Microsoft's development platform today: What you need to know Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? Policy The Channel Hyperloop One settles hangman lawsuit Three CEO confirms hack, 133,827 customers were exposed Samsung flames out as Chinese march on Contracts trading personal data for digital content: Rights to remedy, redress required Why I just bought a MacBook Air instead of the new Pro Apple admits the iPhone 6 Plus has 'Touch Disease' Qualcomm taps Samsung to make next-gen 10nm Snapdragon Nokia's great lost smartwatch? #SavedYouALandfill SPB Geek's Guide Launch set for GOES-R satellite capable of 30-second weather updates Pluto has massive underground oceans, say astro-boffins Physicists have built the world's fastest quantum simulator NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things AI can now tell if you're a criminal or not Intel lays out its AI strategy until 2020 IoT upstart Sigfox gulps down €150m funding but falls short of target AI gives porn peddlers a helping hand Verity Stob Customer data security is our highest priori- ha ha ha whatever, suckers Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 Searching for 'Fatty Kim the Third' banned on Chinese social media 'Post-truth' beats 'chatbot' to Word of the Year Crown More like this Mobile Networks Facebook Data Center Networks Facebook Telecom Infrastructure Project starts chucking rocks at mobile model Targets the heart of the network 17 Nov 2016 at 11:02, Wireless Watch Wireless Watch Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Android, Mobile Networks, Broadband, Apple, Google Recent Articles Facebook Telecom Infrastructure Project starts chucking rocks at mobile model Vodafone UK hails results of Massive MIMO trial with TD-LTE Will rush for New Radio compromise 5G quality? Analysis Nine months after announcing its Telecom Infrastructure Project (TIP), Facebook has held its first summit and unveiled new partners and a first concrete project, a white box transponder/router for fibre backhaul, called Voyager. This is an indication, if any were needed, that the social media giant was not just tub-thumping when it pledged, at this year’s Mobile World Congress, to shake up the traditional network infrastructure supply chain. TIP membership expands, though no US giants The first TIP Summit was held earlier this month in Menlo Park, California. New operator members include Bell Canada, Middle Eastern carrier du, NBN and Telstra from Australia, Orange and the Nordics’ Telia. New vendor sign-ups came from Accenture, Amdocs, Canonical, HPE and Toyota InfoTechnology Center, among others. Founder members included Nokia, SK Telecom, Deutsche Telekom, Intel and others, and in May they were joined by more major operators - Axiata Digital, Indosat, MTN, Telefonica and Vodafone – plus additional vendors. There are still significant gaps, notably the two US giants Verizon and AT&T (though they are part of Facebook’s similar, older initiative for data centre gear, Open Compute Project). TIP is a double-edged sword for those operators which have been accustomed to tight control of their circle of suppliers, since in return for the promise of lower costs, they hand the initiative in driving network infrastructure to Facebook – a company which, on the services side, is eating their lunch with over-the-top services such as Messenger and WhatsApp. But TIP now has about 300 members and has enough representation from major carriers to be capable of significant disruption to business as normal for the vendors, on a near-global basis. As with Google Android on the open software side, most of the technologies in TIP are, so far at least, coming from Facebook itself. That gives it a large level of control of how platforms evolve, but also leaves it with the bulk of the cost. Its latest contribution is Voyager, which it says is the first white box transponder/router, and which supports Open Packet DWDM (dense wave division multiplexing*). This design will be available to the TIP operators and vendors via one of its sub-projects, called Backhaul: Open Optical Packet Transport. Facebook debuts Open Packet Transport Facebook is already trialling its implementation of the Open DWDM platform, Voyager, which is designed to drive down costs in the same way as Facebook’s Wedge 100 white box switch did in the data center. Voyager uses the same Broadcom Tomahawk switch ASIC chip as Wedge 100. Facebook said that other partners in developing Voyager were Acacia Communications, Lumentum Holdings, Celestica and Snaproute. The first triallists are Equinix and MTN in South Africa. Equinix said preliminary trial results "showed zero packet loss and significant overall cost savings due to this disaggregated hardware and software networking model”. The first vendor to support the Open Packet Transport platform is ADVA Optical Networking, which plans to sell Voyager and pro-vide network management, operations support and maintenance. ADVA CTO and COO Christoph Glingener called Voyager: “A game changer that will open up networks to a whole new range of customers”. All this is not just about cost, but about keeping up the rate of evolution in important technologies such as DWDM*, which enabled a step increase in fiber network capacity when it was first commercialized. In a blog post, three Facebook engineers, Ilya Lyubomirsky, Brian Taylor and Hans-Juergen Schmidtke, wrote: “The pace of innovation has slowed over the past 10 years as we approach the limits of spectral efficiency”. They argue in the post that an open approach drives greater efficiencies into DWDM transport. "By unbundling the hardware and software in existing 'black box' systems, which include transponders, filters, line systems, and control and management software, we can advance each component independently and deliver even more bandwidth with greater cost efficiency," they wrote. Voyager is similar to many other small form-factor WDM units available in the competitive metro area fibre market, so will have to live up to its promises of low costs to make an impact, beyond Facebook’s own deployments, and to drive adoption of the open platform. It is an open one-rack unit DWDM device with eight 100Gbps quad small form-factor clients and four 200Gbps 16QAM on the line side. It can support long-haul transport and metro area data centre links. It may not be a revolutionary project per se, but the optical space is ripe for change in backhaul and data centres. The optical transport network is one of the areas where telcos are moving most rapidly towards software-defined networking (SDN), which is a major spur to migrate from proprietary equipment to off-the-shelf boxes. Google and Facebook blow apart network norms Along with Google, Amazon and Microsoft, Facebook has already started to transform the economics of webscale data centre infrastructure by commissioning in-house designs for servers and even processors, and then open sourcing some of that work to create a broad ecosystem around open, commodity hardware. That process is harder in networking, where there are far more different pieces of equipment to consider, and it is especially tough in the mobile network, with its exceptional performance patterns and its long history of proprietary, optimized designs from a small, closed and protective circle of vendors and chipmakers. But the financial pressures on operators, and the shift towards and virtualization, has made Facebook’s approach far more viable, at least in large portions of the network. More and more processes will run in software on off-the-shelf hardware, even though some of the more demanding mobile network functions will still need specialized coprocessors to hit optimal levels. Facebook’s contribution to blowing apart the traditional supply chain is coming from TIP, a telco version of its own Open Compute Project (OCP), and from a companion effort called OpenCellular, which is aiming to define an open platform for low cost base stations, with a particular emphasis on small cells to push coverage to remote areas. This, of course, is a key goal both for Facebook and Google, which are using a variety of methods to accelerate the pace of bringing high speed access to the unserved millions. They are building their own networks in areas where the established operators are slow to act, developing solutions based on drones, stratellites and new spectrum options such as TV white spaces. In Facebook’s case, it is also contributing some of its in-house developments to TIP and OpenCellular, to make them available to other vendors and hope to stimulate a wide, open ecosystem. This will make the networks more affordable and encourage other service providers to jump into the business of remote internet access – neither Facebook or even Google, surely, will want to be network operators if they can help it. Even in the case of Google Fiber, in the US, the primary motivation appears to be to kick the carriers into action. The end goal—controlling a billion more users In the end, the goal for these web giants is to bring more users online to consume their services and view their customers’ adverts. Google has not gone down the road of open source hardware yet, but does routinely open source key software developments, such as Android, to put itself at the heart of disruptive new mobile or telco platforms. In addition to its attempts to shake up the cost of infrastructure build-out, Facebook is also aiming to disrupt the cost of mobile service delivery with its internet.org initiative, which includes offerings like Facebook Basics – which provides some core apps, including Facebook Messenger and WhatsApp, without counting towards the user’s data allowance. From internet-org and Facebook Basics to TIP and OpenCellular, operators are signing up with various degrees of enthusiasm or reluctance – but signing up they are, recognizing that, despite the compromises they are having to make to their own power, they cannot afford to have no voice at all in the new platforms, for fear the remnants of their influence are lost to new wireless service providers, from cablecos to OTT players. So Facebook is establishing itself all along the operator supply chain and service platform, but at the TIP Summit, of course, the focus was on hardware and the new cost base. “We have been working with partners to successfully test in the market and are excited about the ecosystem that has already come together around Voyager as part of TIP,” Jay Parikh, global head of engineering and infrastructure at Facebook, wrote in a company blog post. Other announcements at the TIP Summit included plans for the inaugural TIP Ecosystem Acceleration Center, which will be hosted by SK Telecom in South Korea, and is intended to be the first of a series round the world. TIP chairman Alex Jinsung Choi, who is also CTO of SK Telecom, said the centre will incubate local talent and accelerate innovation and product development. And a new project within TIP is the People and Process group, which aims to address the cultural and organisational changes which come with the shift to commodity hardware and software networking. The new group, co-chaired by Bell Canada and Facebook, will develop and share cultural and process transformation best practice to improve operators’ key performance indicators. Other members of the working group include Accenture, Agilitrix, Deloitte, HPE, NBN, SK Telecom, Tata, Telefonica and Telstra. NuRAN is first adopter for OpenCellular Of even more direct impact on mobile operators is OpenCellular, to which Facebook has already promised to contribute its core design for a rural small cell, for the Terragraph urban cell, and potentially for the Aries Massive MIMO system. Four months after it unveiled OpenCellular, Facebook announced at the TIP Summit that it had now open sourced all the project’s flies, including "schematic, lay-out, CAD files, specs and protocol as part of the TIP Access”. The speed of progress from Facebook itself has been impressive, but it needs to attract more third party support for commercial products based on its platforms. One small but highly relevant supporter, however, is NuRAN Wireless of Canada, whose LiteRAN 2G base station for remote areas is being validated under TIP, and which will distribute the OpenCellular products as they emerge. NuRAN provides outdoor GSM small cells with solar power for locations which have no access to traditional telecoms infrastructure. Now it will supply and support OpenCellular offerings as they go into trials. This will start early next year, and Facebook hopes to encourage broad familiarity with its platform to extend the ecosystem. The TIP and OpenCellular projects are in their very early days, and despite strong early headwinds, it is by no means certain they will achieve the transformations they are targeting in the telecoms industry, rather than becoming bogged down by processes and by the inherent conflicts of interest between many of the members. For MNOs, while they can clearly benefit from low cost, commoditized and open hardware platforms, these also lower the barriers to new entrants, especially as more unlicensed and shared spectrum comes into play, along with radical approaches to wholesale capacity such as bandwidth-on-demand and network slicing. How open can the mobile network become? As the network becomes an IT service platform, most of it should be indistinguishable from IT infrastructure, goes the thinking. Cloud computing, and to some extent Wi-Fi, have shown the way to this open infrastructure, not the mobile industry, and the new ecosystems often go hand-in-hand with open source software and, increasingly, hardware – a movement in which the mobile players have remarkably little influence. A research leader from no more subversive a company than Huawei, Peter Ashwood-Smith, posed the question last year: “Could 5G be more than 90 per cent code from open source origins?” Ashwood-Smith, head of IP research at Huawei Canada and chair of the ITU’s fixed line 5G focus group, described an entirely open source 4G network which could be deployed today, with Linux-based eNodeB and evolved packet core, Android devices, GNU radios and an open source HSS. In reality, this approach will take many years to become robust for commercial, large-scale networks. There are limits to the Facebook vision when it comes to cellular networks, especially when it comes to the radios and antennas themselves, which will have to become ever more sophisticated to deliver the promises of 5G, and will remain a source of cost and vendor differentiation for a long time to come. Aries is yet to be tested in anger, but there are sure to be many ways in which the established experts in antennas and MIMO will be able to differentiate themselves against it. The OpenCellular platform There is likely to be more impact in the near term from OpenCellular’s core platform, because it targets underserved areas where traditional vendors and operators continue to struggle with the economics of mobile broadband. Also, it provides a low cost, multi-operator small cell – a platform for which the industry is crying out. The initial OpenCellular design is a shoebox-sized unit which runs open source software and is designed to be mass produced by low cost vendors. It is a modular design which is software-defined and so can support a range of current and future protocols for licensed and unlicensed spectrum. It consists of a general baseband computer (GBC), equivalent to a baseband unit (BBU) in a mobile split architecture. This handles system functions as virtual network functions, and controls a separate subsystem with the software-defined radio, integrated analog front end, and system-on-chip functions where required, plus the antennas. The SDR and SoC versions support various open source and commercial cellular stacks. Facebook claims its system is very ruggedized and able to work in extremes of temperature and climate, but also self-installable to reduce cost and time to deployment, especially in remote communities. Its engineering team says it has “designed an innovative mounting solution that can handle high winds, extreme temperatures, and rugged climates in all types of communities around the world. The device can be deployed by a single person and at a range of heights — from a pole only a few feet off the ground to a tall tower or tree.” The split architecture mirrors the wider moves towards virtualized clusters of small cells, particularly to support indoor coverage and capacity. Small Cell Forum recently published nFAPI, an extension of its FAPI interface, which allows small cells from different vendors to interoperate. nFAPI applies the idea to a centralized baseband unit (BBU) which can control a cluster of radio/antennas (theoretically in a multivendor system). Facebook’s idea is similar, but fully open source. "Many people might not realize that running their own cellular networks is not only possible but also doesn’t require substantial technical expertise" – Khashif Ali, Facebook Its platform has been design tested in Facebook’s headquarters in Menlo Park, California and outdoor tests are now in process, while Facebook will work with OEMs and ODMs to ensure wide availability of OpenCellular once it goes commercial. Terragraph and Aries Terragraph, like Open Cellular (but more futuristic), is targeted at building low cost cellular and WiFi small cells, but this time in dense urban environments. Complementing this, in a different layer of the RAN, is Project Aries, a concept design for a Massive MIMO macrocell for rural areas. Terragraph will make heavy use of WiGig, the Wi-Fi-like network for 60 GHz spectrum, and the nodes, which can be mounted on lamp posts or buildings, will use low cost chips and components, says Facebook. It claims Terragraph has an innovative routing protocol for im-roved collision detection and greater reliability, plus “SDN-like” cloud controllers to handle large numbers of cells efficiently and flexibly, targeting capacity where it is required at any one time. The system can support multi-Gbps links and is IPv6-only. Terra-graph is being trialled in San Jose, California. The first Project Aries (Antenna Radio Integration for Efficiency in Spectrum), prototype supports 96 antennas and 24 data streams, targeting spectral efficiency of 100bits/sec/Hz. So far, Facebook has demonstrated Aries at 71bps/Hz. Meanwhile, Facebook continues to experiment with new ways to backhaul its remote cells. It can be assumed that OpenCellular will be able to work as the terrestrial portion of Facebook’s various test networks involving drones or satellites with upload to the aerial device without the need for handsets to communicate directly with them. That would enable commodity cellphones to be used, further lowering costs for consumers and providers. Facebook engineer Kashif Ali wrote in a Facebook Code post at the time of OpenCellular’s launch in July: “The hardware was designed with simplicity in mind, to encourage people to deploy their own cellular networks. Many people might not realize that running their own cellular networks is not only possible but also doesn’t require substantial technical expertise.” Web giants target the heart of the network In that sentence lies the opportunity for a low cost approach to ubiquitous internet access – for things as well as people as the IoT develops – but also the threat to traditional operators and suppliers. The threat to established vendors is obvious, but there are also risks to the MNOs from new competitors which can start from scratch with low cost infrastructure and pursue a new business model. The web giants are used to making massive hardware investments, and they know how to get their money back on them – still largely through advertising - something mobile operators have yet to figure out, since they are stuck with a direct correlation between the capacity they build and the dollars they can charge for each Gbyte and Mbps of that capacity. Facebook and Google start from a very different place. At the Facebook F8 developer conference in April, CEO Mark Zuckerberg out-lined a 10-year roadmap to connect the whole world with its services, messages and APIs. This spans technologies at every point in the chain, including apps, robotics and artificial intelligence, and the network itself. Like Google, Facebook presumably does not want to be a network vendor, a modern version of Ericsson, but is showing the ecosystem what can be done, and hoping OEMs – old or new – will take its ideas and turn them into large-scale commercial systems. “It is not our intent to build and maintain and deploy these networks ourselves. We want to advance the state of the art,” said Jay Parikh, VP of engineering at Facebook. Copyright © 2016, Wireless Watch Wireless Watch is published by Rethink Research, a London-based IT publishing and consulting firm. This weekly newsletter delivers in-depth analysis and market research of mobile and wireless for business. Subscription details are here. *DWDM puts data from different sources together on an optical fibre with each signal carried by a different light wavelength. Because up to 80 different wavelengths of light can be transmitted over a single fibre in this way the technique allow more data to be transmitted without laying additional cable, and is thus very attractive to service providers. Sponsored: The state of mobile security maturity Tips and corrections 2 Comments More from The Register EE, O2, Giffgaff, BT Mobile customers cut off as mobile networks fail BT cockup believed to be at heart of TITSUP communication 51 Comments ACCC issues mobile roaming regulation discussion paper Pigeons, meet cat Alternative Networks issues profit warning on soggy mobile bottom Caps on roaming charges - great for consumers, bad for suppliers 2 Comments Cheer up: UK mobile networks are perkier than Germany's Better latency than never 10 Comments Qualcomm, AT&T get together to test mobe networks for delivery drone control Can LTE cut it for real-time pizza delivery? 2 Comments Insecure IoT networks for medical data? Easily fixed, shrugs Arqiva LPWAN Forum Vodafone chips in: 'We'll soon do IoT networks too!' 5 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Empowering E-commerce against unpredictable demand Exploring common challenges facing E-commerce platform and B2C website managers planning for the holiday shopping rush and bolstering services to meet customer demands. Controlling the Uncontrollable Protecting email and other corporate data on mobile devices—without bogging down workers—is one of today’s biggest challenges faced by IT pros today. Build scalable and secure public cloud services Based on the industry-leading products and technologies your customers demand, Red Hat provides a complete set of platforms, tools, and software components you need to build a scalable, agile, and secure cloud services infrastructure. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' Antivirus tools are a useless box-ticking exercise says Google security chap Gone in 70 seconds: Holding Enter key can smash through defense Your body reveals your password by interfering with Wi-Fi Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China Spotlight Facebook Telecom Infrastructure Project starts chucking rocks at mobile model Fire alarm sparked data centre meltdown emergency Will rush for New Radio compromise 5G quality? BT will HATE us for this one weird 5G trick WAN, bam, thank you... oh @£$%. We've gone dead. Drop the burger. RUUUUUN! NetApp's regeneration could be deep surgery or anti-wrinkle cream Iguazio: Made from Kia parts but faster than a Ferrari with 1,000 drivers Weka.IO – a stealthy startup swimming against the tide Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
null
null
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Smartphones Microsoft join hands with Linux Foundation as platinum member Microsoft joins Cisco, Fujitsu, HPE, Huawei, IBM, Intel, NEC, Oracle, Qualcomm and Samsung to support Linux Foundation. Rohit KVN   November 17, 2016 10:24 IST 33 Shares 33 Shares Microsoft headquarters near ParisReuters Earlier this year, Microsoft collaborated with Canonical to introduce open-source OS platform Ubuntu to Windows 10-based devices. The Redmond-headquartered technology giant extended its commitment towards open source development by officially joining hands with Linux Foundation on November 16. Also read: Microsoft Surface phone images leak; when will Windows 10 mobile flagship be unveiled? Why advertise with us? Related OnePlus 3T to go on sale at O2 brick-and-more stores in UK next week CyanogenMod CM14.1 custom ROM nightly released to select branded phones The announcement came as a surprise to many tech pundits. Despite Microsoft's recent joint-venture projects with open source developer companies, many were sceptical that the relations between them were just for short-term mutual benefits, and nothing more. Also, Microsoft had always been working for closed ecosystem for its proprietary Windows OS and former company CEO Steve Ballmer had once labelled Linux as 'a cancer'. But since the elevation of Satya Nadella to the top rungs of Microsoft in early 2014, things have changed dramatically. For instance, Microsoft's decision to make the Office applications compatible to rival Apple iOS (& MacOS for PCs) and Google Android platform, which was previously thought to be ill-conceived, has done wonders for the company in terms of revenue. Earlier this year, Microsoft joined hands with Canonical to bring Ubuntu to Windows 10-based devices and it even did side projects with Linux Foundation, the most prominent ones being 00 Node.js Foundation, OpenDaylight, Open Container Initiative, R Consortium and Open API Initiative. Now, by officially inducting itself to the Linux Foundation, Microsoft has truly embraced the open source platform. "As a cloud platform company we aim to help developers achieve more using the platforms and languages they know," Scott Guthrie, executive vice president, Microsoft Cloud and Enterprise Group, said in a statement. "The Linux Foundation is home not only to Linux, but many of the community's most innovative open source projects. We are excited to join The Linux Foundation and partner with the community to help developers capitalise on the shift to intelligent cloud and mobile experiences."  Microsoft joins the ranks of Cisco, Fujitsu, HPE, Huawei, IBM, Intel, NEC, Oracle, Qualcomm and Samsung to support Linux Foundation. John Gossman, architect, Microsoft Azure team, has been inducted to the Linux Foundation Board of Directors. Also read Apple iPhone 8 tipped to come in three variants CashNoCash helps you find working ATMs [How to use ATM locator app] Quick Links Microsoft Samsung Post Comment IBT TV Close Black Friday: A quick history Why advertise with us? Latest News Update OnePlus One with Android Nougat via CyanogenMod CM 14.1 custom ROM 5 hours ago By Rohit KVN Apple iPhone 8 series tipped to boast upgraded dual-lens camera 8 hours ago By Rohit KVN Editor's Pick International Men's Day: The 10 Sexiest Men Alive of 2016 Is the iconic commercial aircraft Boeing 747 being retired? Why advertise with us? most popular When will Moto G4 and Moto G4 Plus get Android 7.0 Nougat update? Motorola has revealed the list of devices that will receive the Android 7.0 Nougat, and it includes Moto G4 and Moto G4 Plus. Moto Z and Moto Z on Verizon receive Android Nougat OS update; Moto G4 and Moto G4 Plus to follow suit You are in luck if you are a Moto Z and Moto Z Force owner in the US having subscribed to Verizon. Reliance Jio vs RCom: Unlimited calls, free national roaming, 4G data bundles drive competition RCom and Jio have started a tough war in the telecom industry. Android 7.0 Nougat development for Samsung Galaxy Note 5, Tab S2 begins Samsung will end the beta test of Android 7.0 Nougat by mid-December, hinting its official roll out would begin soon. HP tipped to launch new Windows 10 handset with Microsoft Lumia phone features Microsoft is reportedly to offering Nokia Lumia's display and camera technology to build HP's new Windows 10 Mobile OS-powered phone. Pokemon Go Gen 2 rumored to surface on December 7 An employee of Starbucks is rumoured to have leaked an internal memo that contains references to the release date of Pokemon Go Gen 2. Mark your calendar to officially witness Nokia Android phones in 2017 The new smartphones would be Android powered devices, which would be a first for Nokia as a brand. Lenovo to launch K6 series in India soon, hints teaser Lenovo is expected to either launch K6 Power or K6 Note in India in coming weeks. Photo Gallery Surprise visit by Salman Khan at Rajinikanth's 2.0 first look launch Surprise visit by Salman Khan at Rajinikanth's 2.0 first look launch. Amy Jackson, Director Shankar at 2.0 first look launch Amy Jackson, Director Shankar at 2.0 first look launch Home India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Health Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
Florida Travel Orlando Attractions The Daily Disney Drones will light up holidays at Disney starting Nov. 20 300 drones will light up the holidays at Disney World - Orlando News Now A show using drones at Disney Springs will debut for the holidays. A brief clip Disney unveiled Monday shows people using remote-controlled devices that create a Christmas tree of green lights in the sky. A show using drones at Disney Springs will debut for the holidays. A brief clip Disney unveiled Monday shows people using remote-controlled devices that create a Christmas tree of green lights in the sky. Sandra Pedicini and Dewayne BevilContact ReportersOrlando Sentinel 300 drones will light up the holidays at Disney World Privacy Policy Three hundred drones will light up the sky above Walt Disney World in a new Christmas show called "Starbright Holidays." UPDATE: Disney announced that the drone show will run twice nightly starting Nov. 20. Performances will be at 7 p.m. and 8:30 p.m. through Jan. 8, according to the official Disney Parks Blog.  Twinkling in multiple colors while classic holiday songs provide a backdrop, the battery-powered drones — a collaboration with Intel — form holiday-inspired images, such as a dove that symbolizes peace or a green spiral that looks like a Christmas tree. The five-minute production at Disney Springs is the first show-drone performance of this scale in the United States. The show will take place above the water that separates the shopping-and-entertainment complex from the resort's Saratoga Springs area. The performance, first seen Wednesday night, should be considered a rehearsal, said Loyal Pyczynski, a research and development executive with Walt Disney Imagineering. He said that "Starbright Holidays" would join the Disney Springs lineup "later this holiday season." Disney has announced neither dates for the show nor how frequently it will be presented. Special airbags could protect Disney drones like giant bubble wrap Paul Brinkmann Disney is seeking patents for a unique new safety feature for its aerial drone light displays, according to a new patent application filed Thursday by Disney Enterprises. An airbag has been designed to deploy around the drone, like giant bubble-wrap, if it malfunctions or if sensors detect an imminent... Disney is seeking patents for a unique new safety feature for its aerial drone light displays, according to a new patent application filed Thursday by Disney Enterprises. An airbag has been designed to deploy around the drone, like giant bubble-wrap, if it malfunctions or if sensors detect an imminent... (Paul Brinkmann) As drone technology started progressing rapidly, "we were looking at that as a new way of expressing and telling new types of stories. We are excited about the capability," said Alfredo Ayala, who works with the R&D arm of Imagineering. "We're only talking about 300 drones. But what does it mean to the future. What is that limit? What can we do?" The show marks the U.S. public debut of the Intel Shooting Star drone. Intel designed the unmanned aerial vehicle specifically for entertainment purposes, such as festivals, air and light shows. Designed to be lightweight, the Intel Shooting Star drone is composed of a Styrofoam body and plastics. It weighs in at 280 grams, or less than the weight of a volleyball. The units are not as wide across as the average human man. Disney gets federal permission to fly drones over theme parks Sandra Pedicini Walt Disney Parks and Resorts has received federal permission to fly drones over its theme parks. The Federal Aviation Administration issued a waiver this week allowing Disney to use drones through November 2020. Disney asked for permission last year to fly the drones at Disneyland and Disney World... Walt Disney Parks and Resorts has received federal permission to fly drones over its theme parks. The Federal Aviation Administration issued a waiver this week allowing Disney to use drones through November 2020. Disney asked for permission last year to fly the drones at Disneyland and Disney World... (Sandra Pedicini) The drones in the "Starbright" show are equipped with four LED lights that can create more than 4 billion color combinations. A few moments after the music had ended and the drones turned dark Wednesday night, the drones turned red and could be seen returning to their starting point. Spotters had detected a helicopter within sight. "When they saw the helicopter, the pilot made the call to turn them red to make sure they were seen," said Josh Weldon, Intel senior vice president. The drones can fly for 20 minutes and are allowed by the FAA to fly as high as 400 feet, the altitude the units were seen at Wednesday. FAA permission came last week in a four-year waiver. All 300 drones are controlled by one computer, officials said. A 30-foot-by-30-foot section of parking lot near Cirque du Soleil theater is where the drones come from, Pyczynski said. "That's where we actually have not just 300 drones. We have 700 drones. We have two fleets there," he said. Disney is not ready to announce any future use of drones, Pyczynski said. "But if you look at the maturation of our fireworks shows, or our projection shows on our majestic castles around the world, or lasers, or anything else ... we're really excited to see how we can use these in the future as another medium of storytelling," he said. spedicini@orlandosentinel.com, 407-420-5240 or Twitter, @sandrapedicini; dbevil@orlandosentinel.com, 407-420-5477 or Twitter, @ThemeParks Copyright © 2016, Orlando Sentinel Drones Walt Disney World First look: 'Jingle Bell, Jingle Bam' at Disney's Hollywood Studios Disney Drone Show 2016 - raw video First look: Drone holiday show coming to Disney Springs IAAPA show vendors go all out: Jokers, zombies, rides, slides All Sections News Sports Business Classified Entertainment Travel Obituaries 64°
null
Navigation Forum News and Announcements Announcements If this is your first visit, be sure to check out the FAQ by clicking the link above. You may have to register before you can post: click the register link above to proceed. To start viewing messages, select the forum that you want to visit from the selection below. Hundreds of Show Drones Light Up the Skies During the Holidays at Disney Springs at W Thread: Hundreds of Show Drones Light Up the Skies During the Holidays at Disney Springs at W Tags: None MousePlanet AutoPoster said: 11-16-2016 04:50 PM Hundreds of Show Drones Light Up the Skies During the Holidays at Disney Springs at W Its a first not just for Disney Parks, but in the United States: A new holiday experience at Disney Springs featuring 300 show drones illuminating the night sky. In Starbright Holidays – An Intel Collaboration, guests will get a chance to watch Disney and Intel explore remarkable new technology. Accompanied by an original Disney arrangement of classic holiday songs recorded by a full orchestra, the sparkling experience invites guests to look up to sky and wish upon a holiday star. This is the first time a drone show of this scale has ever been performed in the U.S. Heres a brief sample of what will surprise and delight you this holiday season above the West Side of the Disney Springs waterfront: Starbright Holidays – An Intel Collaboration will join other new holiday experiences at Disney Springs, including a brand-new Christmas Tree Trail, special seasonal entertainment, meet and greets with Santa, and festive dcor. More... Disney news, columns, articles, park guides, travel planning, discounts... it's all at MousePlanet Get instant MousePlanet updates on Twitter!   Log in Register Full Site Top vB.Sponsors Web Hosting Copyright ©2001 - 2016, MousePlanet, Inc.
Skip to content Satellite Press Releases pr @ satprnews.com Intel, Disney Light Up the Sky Over Walt Disney World Resort with New ‘Starbright Holidays’ Drone Show SANTA CLARA, Calif.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Intel and Walt Disney Parks and Resorts are collaborating on an innovative new holiday experience that will take place at the Walt Disney World Resort in Florida over the holiday season. Using all-new Intel® Shooting StarTM drones, the “Starbright Holidays – An Intel Collaboration” show will paint colorful images across the sky at the Disney Springs shopping, dining and entertainment district. “Starbright Holidays – An Intel Collaboration” marks the first t Author: Monika Donimirska Editor View all posts by Monika Donimirska Author Monika DonimirskaPosted on November 16, 2016November 17, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Ithmar Capital und die Weltbank kündigen die Einrichtung einer Infrastrukturfazilität für ökologisches Wachstum und somit des ersten umweltfreundlichen Fonds für Afrika an Next Next post: ETL Systems launches high performance RF power amplifiers for jamming systems Search for: Search Recent Posts Alexandra's Announces a Much Anticipated Winter Holiday Sale: November 25th and 26th, 2016 Modern Hospitality Tips for the Holidays With Chef Whitney Miller Raw Paws All Natural Treats Partners With Amazon via Seller Fulfilled Prime Fiat Chrysler Automobiles Celebrates 7.8 Billion YouTube Music Video Views With Two-minute Commercial During 2016 American Music Awards Tonight (Sunday, November 20) Coast Guard, locals save 6 from boat sinking off New Bedford, MA Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 September 2013 June 2013 March 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 July 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 April 2010 March 2010 August 2009 January 1970 Categories Satellite Space Flights Uncategorized VSAT Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Satellite Press Releases Proudly powered by WordPress
null
Things to do in the Lehigh Valley this weekend Severe weather alert in Philadelphia, Delaware, Berks, Northampton, Monroe, Lehigh and Carbon counties. November 20 News Nation/World Pennsylvania News Donald Trump nominee's comments 'troubling,' lawyers for exiled Muslim cleric say Muslim cleric Gulen speaks: Erdogan would accept no message from me U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen, whose followers Turkey blames for a failed coup, said President Erdogan would not accept any message from him. U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen, whose followers Turkey blames for a failed coup, said President Erdogan would not accept any message from him. Michael RubinkamOf The Associated Press Lawyers for a Pennsylvania-based Muslim cleric accused by Turkey of masterminding a failed coup said Friday they're confident he won't be extradited, even though President-elect Donald Trump's choice for national security adviser recently denounced him as a "masked source of terror" and argued the U.S. shouldn't allow him to stay. Michael Flynn, a former Army lieutenant general tapped Friday by Trump, was highly critical of Fethullah Gulen in an Election Day op-ed for the Washington, D.C.-based newspaper The Hill. "Gulen's vast global network has all the right markings to fit the description of a dangerous sleeper terror network. From Turkey's point of view, Washington is harboring Turkey's Osama bin Laden," Flynn wrote. "We should not provide him safe haven." Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan contends Gulen orchestrated an attempted military coup in July and has demanded his extradition. President Barack Obama's administration has not complied. Gulen has never been charged with a crime in the U.S., and he has consistently denounced terrorism as well as the failed coup in Turkey. One of Gulen's lawyers, Jason Weinstein, called Flynn's comments about Gulen "troubling" but said the extradition process is a legal matter in the hands of the Department of Justice. Who is Fethullah Gulen, the cleric being blamed for Turkey coup attempt? The Associated Press A lawyer for the Turkish government, Robert Amsterdam, said that "there are indications of direct involvement" in the coup attempt by Fethullah Gulen, a Muslim cleric who is living in exile in Pennsylvania. He said he and his firm "have attempted repeatedly to warn the U.S. government of the threat... A lawyer for the Turkish government, Robert Amsterdam, said that "there are indications of direct involvement" in the coup attempt by Fethullah Gulen, a Muslim cleric who is living in exile in Pennsylvania. He said he and his firm "have attempted repeatedly to warn the U.S. government of the threat... (The Associated Press) "We hope and expect that the law will be followed here and that politics will not interfere with the judgment of career officials at DOJ. If the law is followed, then we are confident that Mr. Gulen will not be returned to Turkey, where he is certain to be subject to torture, a sham trial, and execution," Weinstein said in a statement. According to Senate records, Flynn's company, Flynn Intel Group, registered as a lobbyist on Sept. 15 for a Dutch-based company headed by a Turkish businessman, Ekim Alptekin. The Senate disclosure says Flynn "will advise client on U.S. domestic and foreign policy." Poconos-based Muslim cleric Fethullah Gulen addresses a foreign policy council in a pre-recorded video PHILADELPHIA — An Islamic cleric whom Turkey accuses of masterminding July's abortive coup has again condemned a Turkish government crackdown on his supporters, saying Thursday that his "heart is aching." In videotaped remarks to the World Affairs Council of Philadelphia, Fethullah Gulen said the... PHILADELPHIA — An Islamic cleric whom Turkey accuses of masterminding July's abortive coup has again condemned a Turkish government crackdown on his supporters, saying Thursday that his "heart is aching." In videotaped remarks to the World Affairs Council of Philadelphia, Fethullah Gulen said the...Read the story Alptekin told The Associated Press on Friday that while he believes Gulen leads a "criminal organization," he has no connection to Erdogan's government and had nothing to do with Flynn's article. "It is simply preposterous," said Alptekin, who also chairs the Turkish-American Business Council. "I would never dare suggest anything like that, and if I had, my relationship (with Flynn) would have been immediately over." He said his business consultancy, Inovo B.V., hired Flynn Intel to advise it on security issues in the Middle East. Robert Kelley, the chief counsel to Flynn Intel Group, didn't immediately return an email from The Associated Press seeking comment. Flynn said in a statement previously that if he returns to "government service, my relationship with my company will be severed, in accordance with the policy announced by President-elect Trump." In the op-ed, Flynn asserted that Gulen's moderate image masks a hidden "radical Islamist" agenda. He did not provide evidence. Gulen has criticized Erdogan, his onetime ally, over the Turkish leader's authoritarian rule. The Erdogan regime has launched a broad campaign against Gulen's movement in Turkey and abroad, purging civil servants suspected of ties to the movement, seizing businesses and closing media organizations. In the United States, a lawyer hired by the Turkish government has lodged numerous accusations against a network of about 150 publicly funded charter schools started by followers of Gulen, whose philosophy blends a mystical form of Islam with advocacy of democracy, education, science and interfaith dialogue. Nobody associated with the U.S. schools has been charged with wrongdoing. Gulen has lived on a compound in the Pocono Mountains since 1999. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2016, The Morning Call Europe Turkey Donald Trump Recep Tayyip Erdogan U.S. Department of Justice Breaking Popular Obits Biz Cycle Sports LV Craft Beer Video/Photos Classifieds 41°
PC Gamer News Reviews Hardware Pro Best Of More Magazine Meet the team Newsletter Signup Community Guidelines Affiliate Links Search Asus ROG GX800 laptop trades mobility for liquid-cooled GTX 1080 SLI By Paul Lilly Hide the Ultrabook. Shares You might have thought that when Asus debuted its water-cooled GX700 laptop last year that it would be a one-and-done design, but you'd be wrong. Asus is at it again, this time with the ROG GX800, a similar looking system that's even bigger and more powerful. Instead of a 17-inch panel, Asus supersized the ROG GX800 with an 18.4-inch display. It still boasts a 4K (3840x2160) resolution, as anything less could be deemed silly on such a sensible system (just a bit of slight sarcasm there), along with 100 percent coverage of the RGB color space. Oh, and it supports G-Sync, too. Underneath the massive hood is an Intel Core i7-6820HK processor that's begging to be overclocked and not one, but two GeForce GTX 1080 GPUs in SLI. Yeah, it's like that. This is a no-compromise laptop. Well, except for the obvious—portability. It's big (458x338x454mm) and heavy (5.7kg) all on its own, but add the Hydro Overclocking System, which tacks on another 4.7kg, and you're looking at staying stationary for a spell. The cooling system is the most unique thing about the GX800. It's essentially a liquid cooling dock that allows you to overclock the CPU, GPU, and RAM without fear of the thing cooking itself. "With the Hydro Overclocking System, ROG GX800’s Intel K-SKU CPU can be overclocked to 4.2GHz so you get mind-blowing levels of performance. The graphics cards can be overclocked to 1961MHz, while VRAM and DRAM can be pushed up to 5,200MHz and 2,800MHz respectively," Asus claims. Configurations will come with up to 64GB of DDR4-2800 RAM. It also supports up to three M.2 PCIe-based SSDs in RAID 0 and has built in 802.11ac Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 4.1, two USB 3.1 Type C ports, three USB 3.0 ports, separate microphone and headphone jacks, a GbE LAN port, HDMI and mini DisplayPort output, and a memory card reader. Asus didn't say when the GX800 will be available or for how much, though with the GX700 selling for around $4,700, we suspect this one will top the $5,000 mark. Topics Hardware News ASUS laptop notebook We recommendBy Zergnet Load Comments Recommended The PC Gamer holiday gift guide The best Black Friday PC gaming deals for 2016 Hardware Buying Guides Latest Game Reviews 1 The best controller for PC gaming 2 The best RGB LED Lighting Kit 3 The best wireless gaming mouse 4 The best ATX mid-tower PC cases 5 Recommended PC gaming chairs 1 Logitech Pro Gaming Mouse review 2 Dishonored 2 review 3 Owlboy review 4 Tyranny review 5 Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare review PC Gamer Newsletter Subscribe to get the best content of the week, and great gaming deals, as picked by the editors. No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. PC Gamer is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future US, Inc. One Lombard Street, Suite 200, San Francisco California 94111.
MSPU Windows Phone Windows 10 Surface Xbox Enterprise Tip us Settings Text Input: Windows 10 Windows Phone Surface Xbox Enterprise Settings Tip us Forum Text Input: Surface Book receives November Firmware updates 1 by Michael Allison  @Mkeallison Nov 18, 2016 at 21:59 GMT2 days ago Microsoft has updated the Surface Book and the Surface Book with Performance base with firmware updates earlier today. While the updates initially didn’;t include what was changed, Microsoft has now updated the update history pages to now include what’s new. Microsoft is updating the Intel precision touch driver, this controls how the device deals with touch, this update improves the capability of the device with dealing with “fast touch events” when the device is closed and in a bag. This will probably improve battery life due to the device not responding to touch and potentially turning on while in a bag this draining the battery. The other updates to the Surface Book (and Surface Book with Performance Base) are for stability. Microsoft is updating the Nvidia GeForce GPU as well as the Surface UEFI drivers to improve system stability. Here’s what’s new: Intel Corporation driver update for Intel(R) : Precise Touch Device v1.2.0.70 – reduces false touch events when the device is closed. NVIDIA driver update for NVIDIA GeForce GPU: NVIDIA GeForce GPU v21.21.13.6961 – improves system stability. Microsoft driver update for Surface UEFI: Surface UEFI v90.1380.768.0 – improves system stability. Like with all Windows 10 Updates, Microsoft will download it to your device and install when opportune. However, you can get the update by heading to Windows Update in Settings and Checking for updates directly. Have you gotten this update? Let us know in the comments below. Some links in the article may not be viewable as you are using an AdBlocker. Please add us to your whitelist to enable the website to function properly. Related firmware microsoft surface book Surface Book with Performance Base update Tweet Share 0 Read these next Trending HP rumoured to be working on consumer Windows Phone for February 2017 by Surur 0 Trending MSPoweruser Podcast 22: No Phone Left Behind by Andrew Bennett 0 Comments Advertisement MSPoweruser Podcast MSPoweruser Podcast 22: No Phone Left Behind by Andrew Bennett on November 18, 2016 It doesn’t matter if your phone’s running the fast ring, slow ring, or even stuck on 10586 – Windows 10 Mobile users have plenty of updates to enjoy downloading this week, ... Subscribe Now Windows 10 How to replace Paint 3D with Paint Classic in the Windows 10 Creators update by Michael Allison on November 20, 2016 One of the joys of being a Windows Insider is being able to access new Windows Software before the public gets a hold of it, but that is a double-edged sword. In Microsoft’s latest re... Windows 10’s Defender Hub app shows up on the Windows Store by Sean Chan Microsoft has released a new Windows 10 app on the Windows Store. The company’s latest app, Windows Defender Hub, is a simple app that provides the latest news regarding Windows Defend... How to update your Skype account to a Microsoft Account by Michael Allison Earlier this month Microsoft announced a new program for Skype users, allowing them to migrate their Skype accounts to Microsoft accounts and/or link them to existing Microsoft accounts. Her... GPD Win 5.5 inch Windows 10 handheld PC reviewed by Surur Nearly a year ago in January 2016 we wrote about the GPD Win Windows 10 handset which ran the full version of the desktop OS and which was designed for gaming. The design for the GPD Wind... Microsoft updates Maps for Windows Insiders on the Release Preview with new feed... by Michael Allison Earlier this week Microsoft debuted an update to the Windows 10 Maps app for Windows Insiders on the Fast Ring, the update is now rolling out to users on the Release Preview. The app update ... Deals Deals Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core i5 and 256GB storage for £969 Microsoft Store is now offering a discount of £110 for the Core i5/256GB Surface Pro 4 device in the UK. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core i5, 256GB SSD and 4GB RAM for ... Microsoft Store to offer great deals on Surface, Windows 10 PCs and Xbox for thi... Along with the great deals on Xbox One consoles and Xbox games, Microsoft today announced that they will be offering great deals from Microsoft Store for this Black Friday. Find the details ... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core m3/128GB SSD and Alcantara Type Co... BestBuy retail stores are now offering a great deal on the entry level Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core m3, 128GB SSD and 4GB ... Xbox One clearance sale now available from Microsoft Store UK, save up to £200 Microsoft Store UK is going early with the Black Friday Deals. Today, Microsoft Store UK has started selling Xbox One bundles starting at just £199. For example, you can get the Xbox One ... HP’s Black Friday Sale deals revealed, includes several Windows laptops HP’s Black Friday Sale deals were revealed yesterday. It includes number of Windows laptops, desktops, PC accessories, monitors, etc,. For example, you can save up to $729 on HP Elit... Deal: Get $150 off Lenovo Yoga 910 2-in-1 PC from Microsoft At IFA 2016, Lenovo announced its Yoga 910, the successor to the popular Yoga 900 convertible laptop. Yoga 910 comes with a 13.9-inch 4K display, redesigned keyboard, a larger trackpad, a fi... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core i5 and 128GB storage for $899 Microsoft Store is now offering a discount of $100 for the Core i5/128GB Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core i5, 128GB SSD and 4G... Deal: Microsoft offering Xbox One S Bundle and free game for $299 Despite Black Friday being right around the corner, Microsoft believes that you shouldn’t have to wait to enjoy the savings off of its newest console. That’s why from November 4 ... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core m3 and 128GB storage for $749 Microsoft Store is now offering a discount of $150 for the entry level Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core m3, 128GB SSD and 4GB ... Deal: Get huge discounts on the original Surface Book Amazon US is now offering huge discounts on the original Surface Book device. The entry-level Surface Book Intel Core i5/8GB RAM/128GB device (non-gpu) model is now available for just $1199.... Forums About Us Contact Us Tip Us Submit Articles Community Guidelines Privacy Policy © 2016 MSPoweruser - All rights reservedNot associated with Microsoft   Top
X Close with photo without photo Print     Home Politics POLITICS Diplomacy EU Affairs War On Terror Legislation Elections Turkey TURKEY Istanbul Ankara Investigations Education Minorities Expat Corner World WORLD Mid-East Syrian Crisis Europe Americas Asia-Pacific Africa Balkans Islamophobia Business BUSINESS Economy Finance Tourism Real-Estate Energy Automotive Tech Defense Sports SPORTS Football Basketball Motorsports Tennis Life LIFE Travel Food Health Environment Science Fashion History Religion Feature Arts ARTS Cinema Music Books Events Portrait Opinion OPINION Op Ed Columns Editorial Readers Corner Today's Paper AUTOMOTIVE CATEGORIES Home Politics POLITICS Diplomacy EU Affairs War On Terror Legislation Elections Turkey TURKEY Istanbul Ankara Investigations Education Minorities Expat Corner World WORLD Mid-East Syrian Crisis Europe Americas Asia-Pacific Africa Balkans Islamophobia Business BUSINESS Economy Finance Tourism Real-Estate Energy Automotive Tech Defense Sports SPORTS Football Basketball Motorsports Tennis Life LIFE Travel Food Health Environment Science Fashion History Religion Feature Arts ARTS Cinema Music Books Events Portrait Opinion OPINION Op Ed Columns Editorial Readers Corner Today's Paper AUTOMOTIVE Daily Sabah > Business > Automotive Close Autonomous cars - new oil or big brother? FRENCH PRESS AGENCY - AFP LOS ANGELES Published Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google+ Permalink Share via e-mail TO ADD A MESSAGE 
 YOUR E-MAIL VERIFICATION CODE Just like credit cards, smartphones or search engines, autonomous cars will carry a trove of information about their owners as they make driving more comfortable, raising new concerns about privacy. Automakers are engaged in a fierce race to develop the first driverless car, which experts say should hit the road by 2020. Apart from legal obstacles facing the industry as the technology evolves - such as who is responsible in the event of an accident - a digital battle is being waged over the huge amount of technical data that will be stored in such vehicles. "Data is the new oil," Intel chief executive Brian Krzanich said this week during a speech at the Los Angeles auto show, AutoMobility LA. "If you have rich data, your car will be able to deal with complex route situations," Krzanich said. "If not, the car will stop." Sensors, radars and cameras on autonomous vehicles will be able to exchange data with other cars but also, perhaps, with "intelligent" roadways that can help set speed limits depending on weather and traffic conditions. The passenger behind the wheel, meanwhile, can send emails and text messages, listen to music, stream movies, hold a conference call or make a restaurant reservation. Even homes will be connected to vehicles. South Korean automaker Hyundai revealed at the auto show a partnership with Amazon's Alexa voice service to allow customers to start their car, charge their battery or turn on the air conditioner via a quick voice request. Experts say the data stored in these vehicles represents a gold mine for companies. "Where are you, where you stop, how often, what's in there can be used to provide you a rich user experience," Krzanich said. "What music you like, craft choices... that's an opportunity as well." He said Intel was investing $250 million into self-driving technology over the next two years. Karl Brauer, senior director of industry insights at Kelley Blue Book, said all the data collected will be used by car makers and other companies to maximize profit. "If they know you like to go to Starbucks [they will say] 'Oh, he always stops at Starbucks,'" Brauer said. Krzanich acknowledged that the technology posed great challenges in terms of privacy protection and secure sharing. One question on many people's mind is whether, in a world that could be edging closer to the Big Brother oversight of George Orwell's dystopian novel "1984," it will be possible to disconnect at some point. "Consumer privacy is an open question," said Jeremy Carlston, a senior analyst with IHS Automotive. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Previous in Automotive Volkswagen announced plans Friday to cut 30,000 jobs in a wide-ranging... DAILY SABAH RECOMMENDS Volkswagen to cut 30,000 jobs to reduce costs after emission scandal German company ElringKlinger makes $10.6M investment in Turkey Homepage Turkey Istanbul Ankara Education Investigations Minorities Expat Corner Politics Diplomacy Legislation War On Terror EU Affairs Elections World Mid-East Balkans Europe Americas Asia Pacific Africa Syrian Crisis İslamophobia Business Real Estate Automotive Economy Energy Finance Tourism Tech Defense Today’s Paper Gallery RSS Sports Football Basketball Motorsports Tennis Life Feature Health Environment Travel Food Fashion Science Religion History Arts Cinema Music Events Books Portrait Opinion Columns Op-Ed Reader's Corner Editorial Subscriptions Advertise Privacy About Us Contact Us
Login Classifieds Menu Contact Us Login Register Customer Service Subscribe Renew Your Subscription Email Newsletters Vacation Start & Stop Change of Address Delivery Issue Carrier Information Newspapers in Education e-Editions East Oregonian Special Sections Marketplace Search Ads Place an Ad Employment Public Notices Real Estate Guide Automotive Garage Sales E-edition Print Ads Public Notices Since 1875 Winner of the 2016 ONPA General Excellence Award Subscribe Menu Staff Directory Advertise With Us Submission Forms Anniversary Births Delivery Issues Engagements Feedback Letter to the Editor Obituary Submit News Weddings Vacation Start & Stop Work at the EO About Us Photos, Videos & Podcasts Latest Photos Photo Gallery Photo Reprints EO Audio Podcast Submit Photos Videos Login Register Subscribe Delivery Issue Email Newsletters Vacation Start & Stop News Local News Northwest Nation & World Business Closures Agriculture Submit News & Photos Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter to the Editor Community Community News Calendar Your EO News Eat, Drink & Explore Celebrations In Uniform Student Honors Days Gone By Out of the Vault Book Reviews Contests Sports Local Sports College Sports College Basketball Experience College Football Experience Pro Sports Auto Racing Experience Pro Football Experience Winter Games Experience Scoreboard Outside Rodeo & Round-Up Obituaries Obituaries & Death Notices Submit an Obituary Tips for Writing Obituaries Records Births Public Meetings Public Safety Logs Jail Roster Most Wanted Courts Public Notices Lotteries e-Editions East Oregonian Special Sections 1-800-522-0255 Search sponsored by East Oregon Marketplace Home News Nation/World Lawyers for exiled cleric call Flynn's comments 'troubling' Lawyers for a Pennsylvania-based Muslim cleric accused by Turkey of masterminding a failed coup say they remain confident he won't be extradited Published on November 18, 2016 12:51PM Last changed on November 18, 2016 5:44PM Lawyers for a Pennsylvania-based Muslim cleric accused by Turkey of masterminding a failed coup said Friday they're confident he won't be extradited, even though President-elect Donald Trump's choice for national security adviser recently denounced him as a "masked source of terror" and argued the U.S. shouldn't allow him to stay. Michael Flynn, a former Army lieutenant general tapped Friday by Trump, was highly critical of Fethullah Gulen in an Election Day op-ed for the Washington, D.C.-based newspaper The Hill. "Gulen's vast global network has all the right markings to fit the description of a dangerous sleeper terror network. From Turkey's point of view, Washington is harboring Turkey's Osama bin Laden," Flynn wrote. "We should not provide him safe haven." Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan contends Gulen orchestrated an attempted military coup in July and has demanded his extradition. President Barack Obama's administration has not complied. Gulen has never been charged with a crime in the U.S., and he has consistently denounced terrorism as well as the failed coup in Turkey. One of Gulen's lawyers, Jason Weinstein, called Flynn's comments about Gulen "troubling" but said the extradition process is a legal matter in the hands of the Department of Justice. "We hope and expect that the law will be followed here and that politics will not interfere with the judgment of career officials at DOJ. If the law is followed, then we are confident that Mr. Gulen will not be returned to Turkey, where he is certain to be subject to torture, a sham trial, and execution," Weinstein said in a statement. According to Senate records, Flynn's company, Flynn Intel Group, registered as a lobbyist on Sept. 15 for a Dutch-based company headed by a Turkish businessman, Ekim Alptekin. The Senate disclosure says Flynn "will advise client on U.S. domestic and foreign policy." Alptekin told The Associated Press on Friday that while he believes Gulen leads a "criminal organization," he has no connection to Erdogan's government and had nothing to do with Flynn's article. "It is simply preposterous," said Alptekin, who also chairs the Turkish-American Business Council. "I would never dare suggest anything like that, and if I had, my relationship (with Flynn) would have been immediately over." He said his business consultancy, Inovo B.V., hired Flynn Intel to advise it on security issues in the Middle East. Robert Kelley, the chief counsel to Flynn Intel Group, didn't immediately return an email from The Associated Press seeking comment. Flynn said in a statement previously that if he returns to "government service, my relationship with my company will be severed, in accordance with the policy announced by President-elect Trump." In the op-ed, Flynn asserted that Gulen's moderate image masks a hidden "radical Islamist" agenda. He did not provide evidence. Gulen has criticized Erdogan, his onetime ally, over the Turkish leader's authoritarian rule. The Erdogan regime has launched a broad campaign against Gulen's movement in Turkey and abroad, purging civil servants suspected of ties to the movement, seizing businesses and closing media organizations. In the United States, a lawyer hired by the Turkish government has lodged numerous accusations against a network of about 150 publicly funded charter schools started by followers of Gulen, whose philosophy blends a mystical form of Islam with advocacy of democracy, education, science and interfaith dialogue. Nobody associated with the U.S. schools has been charged with wrongdoing. Gulen has lived on a compound in the Pocono Mountains since 1999. Share and Discuss Guidelines User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Our Guidelines Stay on topic - This helps keep the thread focused on the discussion at hand. If you would like to discuss another topic, look for a relevant article. Share with Us - We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article, and smart, constructive criticism. Be Civil - It's OK to have a difference in opinion but there's no need to be a jerk. We reserve the right to delete any comments that we feel are spammy, off-topic, or reckless to the community. Be proactive - Use the 'Flag as Inappropriate' link at the upper right corner of each comment to let us know of abusive posts. × Search sponsored by East Oregon Marketplace Most Read Comments Trending Pendleton hunter, outfitter pleads guilty to poaching mule deer ( 23395 ) Pendleton Round-Up names 2017 court ( 18301 ) Rollover crash near Pendleton sends pair to hospital ( 11065 ) Hermiston city council gives bus system the green light ( 10015 ) Body found at Sand Station investigated as a homicide ( 8104 ) Gwendolyn Jean Lewis ( 6284 ) BASEBALL: Hermiston native named head strength coach for Los Angeles Angels ( 150 ) Pendleton Round-Up names 2017 court ( 137 ) Main Street spotlights Native people of past and present ( 69 ) OUT OF THE VAULT: Milton-Freewater teen reigns as Miss Oregon ( 25 ) McCune: Wish Trump the best, but watch closely ( 23 ) Pilot Rock schools give music new Try ( 22 ) News Business Local News Nation & World Northwest Submit News & Photos Sports College Sports Local Sports Rodeo & Roundup Photos & Videos Latest Photos Photo Gallery Photo Reprints Obituaries All Obituaries Submit an Obituary Opinion Letters Submit a Letter Our Media Family Blue Mountain Eagle Cannon Beach Gazette Capital Press Ag Weekly Chinook Observer Coast River Business Journal The Daily Astorian East Oregonian The Hermiston Herald Oregon Coast Today Seaside Signal Wallowa County Chieftain Subscriptions Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Email Newsletters Newspapers in Education Vacation Start & Stop Contact Us Staff Directory © 2016 East Oregonian Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Notify Me of New Issue CURRENT ISSUE BACK ISSUES AUTHOR INDEX BROWSE TAGS Audit Readiness of IT Systems Data Strategy IT Asset Management Privacy Civil Liberties DON Enterprise Architecture IT Investment Management Records Management Clinger-Cohen Act Compliance Enterprise Licensing Agreements IT Portfolio Management Spectrum Cybersecurity Enterprise Services Knowledge Management Statutory & Regulatory Compliance Cyberspace/IT Workforce Enterprise Software Initiative Performance Measurement Telecommunications DADMS/DITPR-DON Freedom of Information Act Printing and Imaging (Copiers/MFDs) Wireless Data Center Consolidation ABOUT CHIPS Email    CHIPS Articles: Cooperation Between Intel, Defense Never Better, Work Tells Lawmakers Cooperation Between Intel, Defense Never Better, Work Tells Lawmakers By Terri Moon Cronk, DoD News, Defense Media Activity - November 18, 2016 WASHINGTON, Nov. 17, 2016 — The intelligence community’s support to the Defense Department has never been better, Deputy Defense Secretary Bob Work told the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence here today. “The support we receive from the intelligence community has been absolutely superb,” the deputy secretary said in a hearing on the scope of support the intelligence community provides to DoD. James R. Clapper, director of national intelligence and Marcel Lettre, undersecretary of defense for intelligence, also appeared before the committee. Work called the relationships and cooperation between DoD and the intelligence community “absolutely crucial as we seek to allocate our intelligence sources to meet the challenges around the world.” DoD’s Challenges, Intel Demands The deputy secretary noted DoD’s challenges range from fighting the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant and other extremist groups, to monitoring North Korea’s active ballistic missile and nuclear weapons program, ensuring Iran does not develop further nuclear capability, keeping a watchful eye on Russia’s actions in the Ukraine, Eastern Europe and elsewhere, and scrutinizing China’s activities in the South and East China seas. “The demands on the intelligence community are formidable,” Work told committee members. “The intelligence community is working as best as they can, and we would consider their job to be outstanding [in trying to] apply scarce intelligence resources across all of these challenges.” Clapper: Nation Faces ‘Most Diverse Threats’ “As I said before this committee many times, our nation is facing the most diverse array of threats that I've seen in my 53-plus years in the intelligence business,” Clapper testified. “And that's what makes the topic of this hearing so important.” Never before have the intelligence community and the Department of Defense needed to work so closely, the director said. “We have a shared responsibility to keep our nation safe and secure,” he added Shared Missions, Risks The director said the close-working relationship between DoD and the intelligence community is in “stark contrast” to his service during the Vietnam War, when civilian employees in a war zone were rarely seen. “Today, civilians and service members are serving shoulder-to-shoulder, focusing on the same mission, sharing the same risks and enduring the same challenging circumstances,” Clapper said. Follow the Department of Defense on Facebook,Twitter! and on the web www.defense.gov TAGS: Cybersecurity, NEN, NNE, Spectrum, Telecommunications, Wireless, Workforce An F/A-18-F Super Hornet assigned to the Fighting Swordsmen of Strike Fighter Squadron 32 flies across the flight deck of the aircraft carrier USS Dwight D. Eisenhower in the Arabian Gulf, Nov. 10, 2016. The Eisenhower and its carrier strike group are deployed in support of Operation Inherent Resolve, maritime security operations and theater security cooperation efforts in the U.S. 5th Fleet area of operations. OIR’s mission to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant is one of the Defense Department’s five evolving challenges, as discussed in a House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence hearing with DoD and intelligence officials, Nov. 17, 2016. Navy photo by Petty Officer 3rd Class Nathan T. Beard Related CHIPS Articles Defense Innovation Unit Calls on Guard, Reserve to Expand Nationally Ignoring Cybersecurity is Risky Business A New Look for NATO in the U.S. Carderock Division Hosts Wave Energy Prize Innovation Showcase CYBERCOM Commander: Public-Private Partnerships Needed for Cybersecurity Related DON CIO News DON IM/IT Excellence Awards Nominations Due Dec. 5 Register for DON IT East and West 2017 Strengthening the DON’s Cybersecurity Posture DON Cyberspace (Cyber) IT and Cybersecurity Workforce - Who Are We? DON Cyberspace (Cyber) IT and Cybersecurity Workforce Credentialing Related DON CIO Policy DON Cyberspace IT and Cybersecurity Workforce Management and Qualification Manual Streamlined Process for Commercial Broadband Deployment Coding of DON Positions Performing Cybersecurity Functions The Department of Defense Cyber Strategy DON Mobile (Cellular) Services Cost Management CHIPS is an official U.S. Navy website sponsored by the Department of the Navy (DON) Chief Information Officer, the Department of Defense Enterprise Software Initiative (ESI) and the DON's ESI Software Product Manager Team at Space and Naval Warfare Systems Center Pacific. Online ISSN 2154-1779; Print ISSN 1047-9988
Toggle navigation Menu Home  News Local National World Politics Entertainment Sports Business Health News Tip Hotline KBNW News Team Police Scanner Weather Bend Redmond Prineville Madras Sisters Sunriver La Pine Powell Butte Culver Terrebonne Warm Springs Traffic Central Oregon Mountain Passes Road Reports Trip Check Eye on Bend Gas Prices School Closings Stations KQAK-FM The Peak 104.1 95.7 FM KBNW-AM/FM KRCO-AM/FM Events Upcoming C3 Events About MCO Contact Advertise Careers Media Kit KBNW News Team Radio Stations HBG Contest Rules Donald Trump National Security Adviser Mike Flynn Has Called Islam 'a Cancer' George Frey/Getty Images(NEW YORK) —  The man whom President-elect Donald Trump picked as his national security adviser has said he doesn’t believe that all cultures are “morally equivalent” and once described Islam as a “a cancer,” comments that have many in the Muslim community worried about what his new job might mean for them. Retired Army Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn served as an adviser to Trump on national security and foreign policy throughout the presidential campaign. Flynn has said he agreed with Trump’s initial proposal to temporarily ban Muslims from entering the United States, but told Al Jazeera earlier this year it likely “wouldn’t work,” and that he supports the vetting of Muslims coming from Syria and places where terrorism is a major threat. He also accompanied Trump to his first top-secret national security briefing in August this year, and he was vetted as a potential running mate before Vice President-elect Mike Pence was eventually announced, two senior level sources with direct knowledge told ABC News earlier this year. “I am pleased that Lieutenant General Michael Flynn will be by my side as we work to defeat radical Islamic terrorism, navigate geopolitical challenges and keep Americans safe at home and abroad,” Trump said in a statement today. “General Flynn is one of the country’s foremost experts on military and intelligence matters and he will be an invaluable asset to me and my administration.” The position of National Security Adviser does not require U.S. Senate approval.  Here are some of his controversial comments: Flynn on ‘Radical Islam’ Flynn, a registered Democrat who had a decades-long military career, served under the Obama administration until reportedly being forced to retire early as director of the Defense Intelligence Agency in 2014. The early retirement resulted from “the stand I took on radical Islam,” he wrote in an op-ed for the New York Post. Pentagon press secretary John Kirby reportedly said at the time that the retirements had “been planned for some time” and that then-Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel “appreciates the service of these two dedicated and professional leaders.” For Flynn’s part, he told Fox News in April 2015, “I’ve been at war with Islam, or a component of Islam, for the last decade.” Flynn earlier this year released a book — “The Field of Fight: How We Can Win The Global War Against Radical Islam And Its Allies” — that he co-wrote sharing his views on what he called the “global war against radical Islam,” calling for the United States to develop a deeper understanding of radical ideology. Flynn wrote, “we’re in a world war against a messianic mass movement of evil people, most of them inspired by a totalitarian ideology: Radical Islam.” He also said in the book, “I don’t believe all cultures are morally equivalent, and I think the West, and especially America, is far more civilized, far more ethical and moral, than the system our main enemies want to impose on us.” “And we’ve got to stop feeling the slightest bit guilty about calling them by name and identifying them as fanatical killers acting on behalf of a failed civilization.”  Flynn, who’s chairman and CEO of Flynn Intel Group, is also a board member of ACT for America, which the Southern Poverty Law Center calls “far and away the largest grassroots anti-Muslim group in America.” The organization bills itself as “the nation’s largest non-profit, non-partisan, grassroots national security organization” that’s “committed to recruiting, training, and mobilizing citizens community by community to help protect and preserve American culture and to keep this nation safe,” according to its website. ACT for America did not respond to ABC News’ request for comment. “Mr. Flynn’s past Islamophobic statements, and his association with the nation’s most venomous anti-Muslim hate group, should disqualify him from serving in any public office,” Ibrahim Hooper, spokesman for the Council on American-Islamic Relations, told ABC News before Flynn’s official selection. In this tweet from February, Flynn said the fear of Muslims is a rational one: Fear of Muslims is RATIONAL: please forward this to others: the truth fears no questions … “ he tweeted, referring to an anti-Muslim video from a third party. “Radical Islam” is a designation that President Obama has refused to recognize. Throughout his tenure as president, he has sought to make a clear distinction between Islam built on peaceful teachings and the acts of terrorism carried out by extremists who adhere to radical interpretations of the religion. Flynn did not respond to ABC News’ request for comment left with Flynn Intel. But he said in a statement this morning via the Trump Transition team that, “I am deeply humbled and honored to accept the position as National Security Adviser to serve both our country and our nation’s next President, Donald J. Trump.” Muslims ‘All on Guard’ Speaking this summer at an ACT for America event in Dallas, Flynn likened Islam to “a cancer, according to the Dallas Morning News,” adding that documents taken from terrorist groups tell followers to “get into the bloodstream of the opposition,” which Flynn said he interprets as attacks on Western nations. Muslim activists are troubled by the prospect of a Trump administration that might include Flynn. “President-elect Trump is carefully curating a senior team that seem to have one thing in common: a deep seated animosity against Islam and Muslims. [Lt.] General Flynn is one of them, and has been on the record about his sentiments towards Islam and Muslims repeatedly,” said Rabia Chaudry, a senior fellow at the United States Institute of Peace and a board member of the new Muslim-Jewish Advisory Council that was launched to combat Islamophobia and anti-Semitism. “Putting this man in charge of domestic security matters has the potential of great damage to American Muslims, who are certain to be at top of his ‘enemy within’ list, rather than white nationals, which both studies and authorities show are the real greatest domestic threat we face,” she said before Flynn’s official selection. Hazem Bata, secretary general of the Islamic Society of North America, says Muslim leaders across the United States “are all on guard.” “Our community is preparing for an America that has parts of government openly hostile to Muslims,” Bata said before Flynn’s official selection. “We are hoping for the best, but getting ready for the worst.” Copyright © 2016, ABC Radio. All rights reserved. Search: Central Oregon Weather Central Oregon Traffic Facebook Twitter EYE ON BEND Recent Posts What to See and What to Skip in Toronto Posted November 20, 2016 | World News|No Comments | | iStock/Thinkstock(TORONTO) —  Toronto, Canada can be a fun trip for those wanting a fun and exciting travel destination. Gabe Saglie is the senior editor for Travelzoo.com, which features exclusive deals on Toronto hotels, activities, restaurants, spas and Continue Reading » News Local/Central Oregon News Tip Hotline Police Scanner National/World National News World News Politics Entertainment Business Sports Health Radio Stations 105.7 KQAK THE PEAK 104.1 95.7 FM News Radio KBNW-AM/FM KRCO-AM/FM On Demand Podcasts Listen Live Air Personalities Dave Clemens Lauren Green Kit Mann Abby Taylor Lisa Carton Connect Contact Advertise Facebook Twitter Help Privacy Policy Terms of Use EEO Report ©2016 MyCentralOregon.com | Powered by WPB™. Served by InterTech Media LLC
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Competitions GPS & Sat Nav Mobile Apps Mobile Phone Accessories Mobile Phones Tablets Wearables & Fitness Trending: iOS 10 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / Mobile Phone News / Is Apple throttling the 4G speeds of some iPhone 7 models? Is Apple throttling the 4G speeds of some iPhone 7 models? by Chris Smith 18 November 2016 0 shares Read Comments If you have an iPhone 7 running on the Verizon Wireless network in the United States then your device may not be living up to its fullest 4G potential, reports have claimed. According to Bloomberg sources Apple may be deliberately tempering the speeds of the Verizon iPhone 7 models so they don’t make the AT&T version look bad. Related: iPhone 7 vs Galaxy S7 In theory the Verizon model should be much faster than its rival’s due to the presence of a Qualcomm LTE modem compared with the Intel modem within AT&T's phone, but tests have shown little difference. Now researchers are suggesting Cupertino may be have chosen not to enable certain features of the iPhone’s network chip to keep AT&T’s models on an even playing field. “The data indicates that the iPhone 7 is not taking advantage of all of Verizon’s network capabilities,” said Twin Prime’s Gabriel Tavridis. “I doubt that Apple is throttling each bit on the Verizon iPhone, but it could have chosen to not enable certain features of the network chip.” Apple said there’s no discernible difference between network performance, but did not address whether this was by design. “Every iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus meets or exceeds all of Apple’s wireless performance standards, quality metrics, and reliability testing,” said Apple spokeswoman Trudy Muller. “In all of our rigorous lab tests based on wireless industry standards, in thousands of hours of real-world field testing, and in extensive carrier partner testing, the data shows there is no discernible difference in the wireless performance of any of the models." Video: iPhone 7 vs 7 Plus Why would Apple hold back performance when it would surely love to be able to boast 4G speeds? Well it doesn’t want to create the sense that some versions of its phone are superior, according to Jan Dawson or Jackdaw Research. "They don’t want one version to get the reputation that it is better," he said. "If Apple had a guiding principle it’s that they want to make sure customers were having a consistent performance.” As a Verizon subscriber would you be annoyed if this proved true? Share your thoughts below. Watch The Refresh: The best tech gossip and reviews every week Latest Deals From Ebay Apple iPhone 7-128GB-GSM UNLOCKED-USA Version-Apple Warranty-BRAND NEW $709.99 View Item Apple iPhone 7-32GB-GSM UNLOCKED-USA Version-Apple Warranty-BRAND NEW $619.99 View Item Apple iPhone 7 - 128GB - Jet Black (Sprint) Smartphone *BRAND NEW SEALED* 4 bids $640.00 View Item 0 shares Read Comments Phil November 18, 2016, 8:26 pm This is ridiculous, part of the experience that people are paying for is network quality. That's part of why you choose a network, for coverage, speed, cost, etc. It's not for Apple to interfere with this part of the marketplace and they're depriving another company of a way to differentiate itself within the marketplace. It's a disgraceful business tactic and if I was the company being disadvantaged by this I'd be taking them to court. fried_egg November 19, 2016, 12:53 pm I can't talk for the USA market but I can look at it from the UK market... and networks sell themselves on their performance.. E.G EE with it's up to 24mbps 4G, upto 60mbbs "double speed" & upto 150 (but likely 90) 4G+ services that other 4G networks can't or find hard to match... if the network is "charging" for their premium speed offers, should the hardware maker "slow them down" so as to create a "level" consistent "experience" for their phone users ? I would expect Apple to be sued for degrading a service being paid for if they did it in the UK Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2016, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Huawei Launches New-Generation HPC Platform FusionServer X6000 at SC16 Huawei will provide enterprise customers with an HPC platform that has higher efficiency and greater flexibility News provided by Huawei Nov 18, 2016, 12:44 ET Share this article SALT LAKE CITY, Nov. 18, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Huawei launched a new-generation high-performance computing (HPC) platform, the FusionServer X6000, at the Supercomputing Conference 2016 (SC16). This FusionServer X6000 will aid computing-intensive workloads and provide enterprise customers with an ideal choice for an HPC platform that has higher efficiency and greater flexibility. Continue Reading The FusionServer X6000 launch ceremony "Faced with the challenges of digital transformation, enterprises are eager for service reconstruction, which drives the convergence of traditional HPC and cutting-edge technologies such as cloud computing and Big Data," said William Dong, Vice President of Data Center Solution Sales, Huawei Enterprise BG. "With outstanding R&D capabilities and comprehensive product portfolios in the IT domain, Huawei joins hands with industry partners to build joint innovation centers around the globe. We are dedicated to providing our customers IT infrastructures with leading technologies, as well as innovative HPC cloud, HPC, and Big Data solutions to help customers achieve business success." The X6000 HPC platform adopts an industry-leading and innovative liquid cooling solution, which features a skive fin micro-channel heat sink for CPU heat dissipation and processing technology where water flows through memory modules. The platform delivers a node liquid cooling percentage greater than 85%. Its modular design and 50ºC warm water cooling function offers customers high energy-efficiency and flexible deployment, and reduces total cost of ownership (TCO) by up to 40% for large-scale deployment. The platform also accommodates four 2-socket server nodes in a 2U chassis and presents an outstanding all-flash storage capability of 24x NVMe SSDs per chassis. Based on the high bandwidth and low latency features of 100 Gbps networks, the X6000 HPC platform can achieve a single-node throughput of 4.8 million IOPS. As an important partner of Huawei in the IT domain, Intel was invited to join and witness the launch of Huawei FusionServer X6000. "Huawei's new-generation FusionServer X6000 HPC platform, based on the Intel® Scalable System Framework, provides the balanced performance, scalability, and flexibility to efficiently handle a wide range of HPC workloads," said Hugo Saleh, Director of Marketing and Enabling, Intel Scalable Datacenter Solutions. "The FusionServer X6000 is a great example of how Intel® Xeon® processors and Intel® Omni-path architecture can combine to build industry leading solutions with innovative fabric features that optimize performance, resiliency, and traffic movement." Huawei is showcasing its HPC solutions for industry scenarios at SC16. Among the HPC solutions on show are Huawei's high-density servers FusionServer E9000 and X6800 with 100G high-speed interconnect technology and powerful cluster scalability. These servers can dramatically accelerate industrial CAE simulation. Huawei is also displaying its KunLun supercomputer, which features the company's proprietary Node Controller interconnect chips. KunLun supports up to 32 CPUs and is perfect for cutting-edge research scenarios that require frequent in-memory computing. Additionally Huawei's high-performance storage solutions, OceanStor 9000 and ES3000 SSD, which can effectively improve data transmission bandwidth and latency, are on display. A series of other milestones and achievement's based on Huawei's cooperation with industry partners were also announced (or demonstrated) during SC16: Huawei and ANSYS announced the two parties' partnership in building industrial computer aided engineering (CAE) solutions, and jointly released their Fluent Performance white paper, which details optimal system configurations in fluid simulation scenarios for industry customers. Huawei and A*STAR Computational Resource Centre (A*CRC) jointly presented InfiniCortex during SC16, an international project led by A*CRC Singapore which demonstrates a worldwide high-speed fabric which brings together supercomputing facilities from four continents. Huawei and Bright Computing showcased an HPC cloud cluster management solution, which enables organizations to easily and efficiently consume HPC resources from the cloud. Huawei has increasingly become more prominent in the HPC market. It has successfully deployed HPC clusters for a large number of global vehicle producers, large-scale supercomputing centers, and research institutions. These show that Huawei's HPC platforms are optimized for industry applications which can help customers significantly simplify service processes and improve work efficiency, enabling them to focus on product development and research. About Huawei Huawei is a leading global information and communications technology (ICT) solutions provider. Our aim is to build a better connected world, acting as a responsible corporate citizen, innovative enabler for the information society, and collaborative contributor to the industry. Driven by customer-centric innovation and open partnerships, Huawei has established an end-to-end ICT solutions portfolio that gives customers competitive advantages in telecom and enterprise networks, devices and cloud computing. Huawei's 170,000 employees worldwide are committed to creating maximum value for telecom operators, enterprises and consumers. Our innovative ICT solutions, products and services are used in more than 170 countries and regions, serving over one-third of the world's population. Founded in 1987, Huawei is a private company fully owned by its employees. For more information, please visit Huawei online at www.huawei.com or follow us on: http://www.linkedin.com/company/Huawei  http://www.twitter.com/Huawei  http://www.facebook.com/Huawei  http://www.google.com/+Huawei  http://www.youtube.com/Huawei  About SC16 Supercomputing 16 (SC16) is one of the most important international HPC events. With the theme of HPC Matters, SC16 covers exhibition, workshops, and technical programs, and shows how HPC can influence and change our society and lives. SC16 is held from November 14 to 18, 2016 in Salt Lake City, Utah, USA, and will attract over 10,000 attendees. Media Contact: Rachel Welch On behalf of Huawei Technologies, Ltd. (512) 495-7178 Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161118/441204 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/huawei-launches-new-generation-hpc-platform-fusionserver-x6000-at-sc16-300365976.html SOURCE Huawei Related Links http://www.huawei.com Nov 18, 2016, 12:54 ET Preview: Huawei Partners with ANSYS to Build Industrial CAE Solutions Nov 17, 2016, 10:00 ET Preview: Huawei Best-in-Class MediaPad Android Tablets Now Available in the U.S. My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Nov 18, 2016, 12:54 ETHuawei Partners with ANSYS to Build Industrial CAE Solutions Nov 17, 2016, 10:00 ETHuawei Best-in-Class MediaPad Android Tablets Now Available in... Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Computer Software New Products & Services Trade Show News You just read: Huawei Launches New-Generation HPC Platform FusionServer X6000 at SC16 News provided by Huawei Nov 18, 2016, 12:44 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In

continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals    SPONSORED BY: Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 57 ° Traffic / Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM NOV 20, 2016 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News NOV 20, 2016  |  Salt Lake City 57 °  |  Traffic / Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login U.S. stocks slip as health care, tech take losses By MARLEY JAY The Associated Press First Published Nov 18 2016 08:27AM    •    Last Updated Nov 18 2016 10:51 am FILE - In this Oct. 7, 2016 file photo, a sign for Wall Street is carved into a building located near the New York Stock Exchange. Japanese shares rose, Friday, Nov. 18, 2016, on the yen's weakness while other Asian benchmarks wobbled after Fed chair Janet Yellen signaled that policymakers intend to raise interest rates soon. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) FILE - In this Oct. 7, 2016 file photo, a sign for Wall Street is carved into a building located near the New York Stock Exchange. Japanese shares rose, Friday, Nov. 18, 2016, on the yen's weakness while other Asian benchmarks wobbled after Fed chair Janet Yellen signaled that policymakers intend to raise interest rates soon. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY (1) New York • U.S. stocks slipped Friday as investors take a pause following some huge moves since last week's presidential election. Drugmakers and other health care companies took the largest early losses. Retailers Gap and Abercrombie & Fitch were dropping after they gave weak quarterly reports, while discount retailer Ross Stores climbed. KEEPING SCORE: The Dow Jones industrial average slid 37 points, or 0.2 percent, to 18,867 as of 10:25 a.m. Mountain time. The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost 5 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,181. The Nasdaq composite touched a record high, but turned lower and gave up 13 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,321. VIDEOS TOP JOBS The losses weren't large, but they represented the biggest decline for stocks since Nov. 3. At that time, the market was enduring a nine-day slide. QUEASY FEELING: Losses for drug companies weighed down health care stocks. Botox maker Allergan retreated $3.92, or 2 percent, to $196.07 and biotech giant Amgen fell $2.30, or 1.6 percent, to $145.06. Hepatitis C drugmaker Gilead Sciences shed $1.29, or 1.7 percent, to $74.29 and Merck lost 73 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $61.97. HOME GOODS GO BAD: Companies that sell common household products are also moving lower. Procter & Gamble gave up $1.04, or 1.3 percent, to $82.03 and drugstore operator Walgreens Boots Alliance slumped 98 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $83.01. Those companies tend to pay hefty dividends, and those are less appealing to investors in times of higher inflation. FUN IN THE SUN: Investors approved the combination of electric car maker Tesla Motors and solar power company SolarCity. The deal, first proposed by Tesla CEO Elon Musk in June, has gotten a chilly reception on Wall Street. Analysts wondered why Tesla would want to take on SolarCity while it's building a big battery factory in Nevada and also preparing to launch its first mass-market car, the Model 3, due out at the end of 2017. Shares of both companies dropped in the ensuing months. Tesla slumped $1.55 to $187.11 and SolarCity rose 19 cents to $20.59. RETAIL: Teen clothing company Abercrombie & Fitch fell $2.42, or 14.3 percent, to $14.51 after it reported weak sales and a smaller profit than analysts had expected. Gap's said fewer people visited its stores heading into the holiday season. Its stock gave up $4.93, or 16.1 percent, to $25.78. Sporting goods Hibbett Sports retailer cut its annual forecasts after a weak third-quarter report. It dropped $5.40, or 11.9 percent, to $39.90. Shoppers are not buying as many clothes and moving toward discount chains. That trend continued as discount retailer Ross Stores rose $2.89, or 4.4 percent, to $68.42 after it posted a better-than-expected profit and sales. DOLLAR SEEING GREEN: Already at its highest mark since early 2003, the dollar continued to climb. It's around annual highs against the euro and six-month highs against the yen. The dollar rose to 110.51 yen from 109.89 yen. The euro fell to $1.0592 from $1.0626. BONDS: Investors continued to sell U.S. government bonds at a rapid clip, and bond prices wobbled and turned lower. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.33 percent from 2.30 percent. Bond prices have fallen hard since the election and yields are now at their highest in a year. OUT IN FORCE: Customer management software maker Salesforce.com jumped after a solid quarterly report and strong guidance. Its stock picked up $2.49, or 3.3 percent, to $77.68. A MARVEL: Chipmaker Marvell Technology disclosed much stronger sales than analysts expected and gave a surprising forecast for the current quarter. Its stock gained $1.19, or 8.9 percent, to $14.55. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude gave up 30 cents at $45.12 a barrel in New York, while Brent crude, which is used to price international oils, slid 25 cents to $46.24 a barrel in London. OVERSEAS: France's CAC 40 fell 0.5 percent and the FTSE 100 in Britain dipped 0.3 percent. The German DAX lost 0.2 percent. Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index added 0.6 percent as the yen hit a six-month low, helping shares of the country's big exporters. South Korea's Kospi shed 0.3 percent and Hong Kong's Hang Seng rose 0.4 percent.   Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY VIEW PHOTO GALLERY JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES Op-ed: Should Mormons who voted for Trump get temple recommends? Kirby: My 'little factory,' my business Exonerated Arizona man shows Utah lawmakers the human face of death row mistakes Utah football: Stunning loss to Oregon ends Utes' South Division hopes Dana Milbank: Trump's fake-news presidency ELEVATE During National Alzheimer’s Disease Awareness Month the Focus is Keeping Caregivers Healthy   Life is a Peach at the SALT Awards   Salt Lake Regional Medical Center First in the U.S. to Perform Meniscus Replacement   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs The Utah Effect Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2016, The Salt Lake Tribune
News London Crime London Mayor Politics Transport Food for London Business Comment Football Arsenal Chelsea Crystal Palace Tottenham Watford West Ham Other sport Going Out Restaurants Pubs & Bars Arts Theatre Film Music Great Days Out Events & Attractions Lifestyle Fashion ES Best Food & Drink Beauty Health & Fitness Travel Design ES Magazine Showbiz Staying In Strictly Come Dancing The X Factor Homes & Property Property News Area Guides Home & Garden Luxury ES Magazine Sign in Register Benefits User policies News Food for London London Crime Politics Transport Education Health Technology Mayor of London Comment Londoner's Diary Football Arsenal Chelsea Tottenham Hotspur Crystal Palace Watford West Ham Transfer News Premier League Championship Sport Rugby Union Tennis Cricket Showbiz Strictly Come Dancing The X Factor One Direction Taylor Swift Kim Kardashian Top Gear Going Out Theatre Awards Restaurants Bars, Pubs & Clubs Arts Theatre Film Music Comedy Events & Attractions Great Days Out Tickets Staying In TV and film Tech and Gaming Music Streaming Books Puzzles & Games Crosswords Competitions Lifestyle Fashion Food & Drink Beauty Health & Fitness Travel Design ES Magazine Dating Motors Shopping ES Best ES Shop Travel Offers Business & Money Money Transfers Business Directory Health insurance Homes & Property Property news Area guides Home & garden Luxury Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Shopping The best Argos Black Friday deals of 2016 Argos will be offering deals until Cyber Monday on November 28 Bianca Barratt Friday 18 November 2016 16:18 BST The best Argos Black Friday deals of 2016- in pictures 11 show all The best Argos Black Friday deals of 2016- in pictures 1/11 Scroll for the best Argos Black Friday deals... Argos 2/11 HP 15in Intel Pentium 4GB 1TB Red - Bag, Mouse & McAfee If you’ve got a student on your Christmas list, this is the perfect gift. The HP laptop is a good all-rounder with easy word processing and web surfing capabilities, with a five hour battery life and DVD drive perfect for gaming or watching movies. Included in the bundle is mouse, laptop back and McAfee Internet Security. £269.99 (was £349.99), Argos, Buy it now 3/11 Samsung Full HD LED TV 49 Inch For an excellent viewing experience, you don’t get much better than an HD LED TV. This Samsung one has a Dolby Digital Plus sound system and 49 inch display. Despite its high resolution, the A+ energy efficiency rating means it won’t cost a lot to run. £389 (was £489), Argos, Buy it now 4/11 Dyson V6 Flexi Cordless Handstick Vacuum Cleaner Dyson has been the pioneer for innovation in home appliances for some time now. This Handstik model offers more flexibility than a regular vacuum, allowing you to reach high ceiling corners and under car seats. The V6 motor is powerful, offering great suction power so you won’t keep having to go over the same spot repeatedly. £189.00 (was £319.99), Argos, Buy it now 5/11 Sony Cybershot HX80 20MP 30x Zoom Camera For the budding photographer, this world-leading compact camera is a great starting choice. It’s easy to use and features 20 megapixel resolution as well as a three inch LCD screen. With its 30 x optical zoom and continuous shooting feature that can take up to ten frames per second, you’ll always capture the perfect shot. £249.99 (was £299.99), Argos, Buy it now 6/11 Garmin 58LM 5 Inch Lifetime Maps Full Europe This Garmin sat nav will be the perfect companion on long journeys, featuring a touch screen display, pre-loaded maps for the UK and Europe as well as speed camera alerts, lane assist and junction view. With free lifetime map updates and real time reports, you’ll never get stuck in a traffic jam again. £89.99 (was £159.99), Argos,Buy it now 7/11 Chad Valley Baby Activity Saucer Help your baby start to walk with this exciting play centre that’s designed to stimulate all five senses with its selection of bright colours, patterns, sounds and tactile activities. The legs are adjustable, meaning your baby can learn to pull themselves up to standing with ease. £39.99 (was £99.99), Argos,Buy it now 8/11 Tassimo by Bosch T55 Charmy BRITA Filter Multi Drinks Machine Start your mornings with the perfect cup of coffee, made by this Tassimo drinks machine. The one button bar code technology can detect which drink has been selected and will adjust the water, time and temperature accordingly. £59.99 (was £139.99), Argos,Buy it now 9/11 Samsung WF80F5E0W2W 8KG 1200 Spin Washing Machine It’s time to upgrade your washing routine with this eight kilogram, 1200 spin machine by Samsung. The unique ecobubble technology helps to save energy whilst the large drum, perforated with diamond holes to protect fabric, can hold up to the equivalent of 40 t shirts. £329.99 (was £399.99), Argos,Buy it now 10/11 Panasonic ES-LT2N Three Blade Wet and Dry Electric Shaver If you like to keep your beard or stubble looking sharp, this shaver will be a great help. Equipped with beard sensor technology that actually adjusts to give even thickness and length, it can be used on both wet and dry skin. If you prefer to go clean shaven, the 3D multi head design gives a close and smooth shave. £71.99 (was £129.99), Argos,Buy it now 11/11 Bush BDOBF Double Fan Oven If you need a new oven to cook up your Christmas feast, this Bush one comes with two separate ovens- one with a grill function. The interior light will help you keep an eye on the turkey, and the LED clock and timer will tell you when it’s perfectly cooked. £71.99 (was £129.99), Argos,Buy it now The eagerly anticipated Black Friday deals at Argos have kicked off today, offering 12 days of exclusive deals to customers.  With huge savings on toys, gadgets and white goods, the leading UK retailer is offering huge savings to those looking for a bargain in the run up to Christmas.  Argos is expecting a spike in visits to its online store after the website received a staggering 12 million visits and 18 transactions per second on Black Friday in 2015. Now, with deals being released over the course of two weeks, even more shoppers are expected and Argos has recruited an additional 10,000 works to help with the seasonal demands. Read more When is Black Friday 2016? What is it and where to get the best deals? Here are some of the best deals you can get your hands on right now:  HP 15in Intel Pentium 4GB 1TB Red - Bag, Mouse & McAfee If you’ve got a student on your Christmas list, this is the perfect gift. The HP laptop is a good all-rounder with easy word processing and web surfing capabilities, with a five hour battery life and DVD drive perfect for gaming or watching movies. Included in the bundle is mouse, laptop back and McAfee Internet Security. £269.99 (was £349.99), Argos, Buy it now Samsung Full HD LED TV 49 Inch  For an excellent viewing experience, you don’t get much better than an HD LED TV. This Samsung one has a Dolby Digital Plus sound system and 49 inch display. Despite its high resolution, the A+ energy efficiency rating means it won’t cost a lot to run.  £389 (was £489), Argos, Buy it now Dyson V6 Flexi Cordless Handstick Vacuum Cleaner Dyson has been the pioneer for innovation in home appliances for some time now. This Handstik model  offers more flexibility than a regular vacuum, allowing you to reach high ceiling corners and under car seats. The V6 motor is powerful, offering great suction power so you won’t keep having to go over the same spot repeatedly.  £189.00 (was £319.99), Argos, Buy it now Sony Cybershot HX80 20MP 30x Zoom Camera For the budding photographer, this world-leading compact camera is a great starting choice. It’s easy to use and features 20 megapixel resolution as well as a three inch LCD screen. With its 30 x optical zoom and continuous shooting feature that can take up to ten frames per second, you’ll always capture the perfect shot. £249.99 (was £299.99), Argos, Buy it now Garmin 58LM 5 Inch Lifetime Maps Full Europe This Garmin sat nav will be the perfect companion on long journeys, featuring a touch screen display, pre-loaded maps for the UK and Europe as well as speed camera alerts, lane assist and junction view. With free lifetime map updates and real time reports, you’ll never get stuck in a traffic jam again. £89.99 (was £159.99), Argos, Buy it now Chad Valley Baby Activity Saucer Help your baby start to walk with this exciting play centre that’s designed to stimulate all five senses with its selection of bright colours, patterns, sounds and tactile activities. The legs are adjustable, meaning your baby can learn to pull themselves up to standing with ease. £39.99 (was £99.99), Argos, Buy it now Tassimo by Bosch T55 Charmy BRITA Filter Multi Drinks Machine  Start your mornings with the perfect cup of coffee, made by this Tassimo drinks machine. The one button bar code technology can detect which drink has been selected and will adjust the water, time and temperature accordingly.  £59.99 (was £139.99), Argos, Buy it now Samsung WF80F5E0W2W 8KG 1200 Spin Washing Machine It’s time to upgrade your washing routine with this eight kilogram, 1200 spin machine by Samsung. The unique ecobubble technology helps to save energy whilst the large drum, perforated with diamond holes to protect fabric, can hold up to the equivalent of 40 t shirts.  £329.99 (was £399.99), Argos, Buy it now Panasonic ES-LT2N Three Blade Wet and Dry Electric Shaver If you like to keep your beard or stubble looking sharp, this shaver will be a great help. Equipped with beard sensor technology that actually adjusts to give even thickness and length, it can be used on both wet and dry skin. If you prefer to go clean shaven, the 3D multi head design gives a close and smooth shave. £71.99 (was £129.99), Argos, Buy it now Bush BDOBF Double Fan Oven If you need a new oven to cook up your Christmas feast, this Bush one comes with two separate ovens- one with a grill function. The interior light will help you keep an eye on the turkey, and the LED clock and timer will tell you when it’s perfectly cooked. £189.99 (was £249.99), Argos, Buy it now Browse all Amazon Black Friday deals here: argos.co.uk Follow us on Twitter @ESLifeandStyle and on Facebook More about: Argos Black Friday 2016 Black Friday Shopping Cyber Monday Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: All Topics All Authors Archive Terms of use Contact Us Privacy policy Cookie policy Code of Conduct & Complaints Advertisers Promotion rules Contributors Syndication Business Connections Homes & Property Jobs London Live The Independent This is London Magazine indy100 Install our apps Close We have noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Free access to Standard.co.uk’s comprehensive package of news, sport and entertainment relies on advertising revenue. This allows us to invest in the best writers, pictures and videos. To continue viewing the site please disable your ad blocker for Standard.co.uk. Need help to do this? Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for standard.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on standard.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add standard.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting standard.co.uk Continue to our site
null
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals We Rely On Your Support: This site is primarily supported by advertisements. Ads are what have allowed this site to be maintained for the past 12 years. We do our best to ensure only clean, relevant ads are shown, when any nasty ads are detected, we work to remove them ASAP. If you would like to view the site without ads while still supporting our work, please consider our ad-free Phoronix Premium. You can also consider a tip via PayPal. RadeonSI Benchmarks On Budgie, GNOME Shell, KDE Plasma 5, LXDE, MATE, Unity, Xfce Written by Michael Larabel in Linux Gaming on 17 November 2016. Page 1 of 3. 44 Comments Last month when Ubuntu 16.10 was released I ran some desktop gaming benchmarks with Intel Skylake graphics under Unity, GNOME, Xfce, LXDE, KDE, Openbox, and MATE. Following that article a few Phoronix Premium readers requested similar tests be done under the RadeonSI Gallium3D driver stack, so here are those numbers. For Friday benchmarking fun, here are numbers from Budgie, GNOME Shell, KDE Plasma 5, LXDE, MATE, Unity 7, and Xfce. All packages were obtained from the Ubuntu 16.10 Yakkety Yak repository. With the test requests coming in from premium supporters, tests on KDE Plasma 5 were done with the out-of-the-box settings (compositing enabled) and then again when disabled via Alt + Shift + F12. This RadeonSI Ubuntu 16.10 desktop comparison was done with a Radeon R9 Fury graphics card and the graphics driver stack consisted of the Linux 4.9 Git kernel and Mesa 13.1-devel Git as of this week from the Padoka PPA built against LLVM 4.0 SVN. These results aren't as interesting as the Intel desktop comparison numbers, but nevertheless the results are on the following pages. All of these OpenGL Linux game tests were carried out using the open-source Phoronix Test Suite benchmarking software. Tweet Page 1 - IntroductionPage 2 - RadeonSI Desktop ComparisonPage 3 - RadeonSI Desktop Comparison Page: 123Next Page 44 Comments Related Articles AMDGPU+RadeonSI With Deus Ex: Mankind Divided, One Week Later Deus Ex: Mankind Divided NVIDIA Linux Benchmarks - 13-Way GPU Comparison Windows 10 vs. Ubuntu 16.04 Graphics Performance With Radeon Software, AMDGPU-PRO, AMDGPU+RadeonSI Windows 10 vs. Ubuntu 16.04 Gaming With NVIDIA's GTX 1070 & GTX 1080 12-Way NVIDIA GeForce Comparison For F1 2015 On Linux Trending Linux News Fedora 25 Cleared For Release Next Week GNOME Lands Mainline NVIDIA Wayland Support Using EGLStreams Explicit Fencing For Atomic DRM Drivers Coming In Linux 4.10 Firefox 51 To Enable WebGL 2 By Default, FLAC Audio, Skia Content Rendering On Linux Btrfs RAID5/RAID6 Support Finally Get Fixed Latest Linux News Early Benchmarks Of AMDGPU DRM-Next Code For Linux 4.10 Linux 4.9 Has Tear-Free PRIME Offloading Between Intel & AMDGPU POWER8 Talos Workstation Drops Price Slightly, Long Way From Being Funded WSL-Distribution-Switcher Swaps Out Ubuntu For Other Distros On Windows Intel Vulkan Linux Driver Now Has Patches For Fast Clears Enhanced File Stats Being Worked On For The Linux Kernel GTX 1060 vs. RX 480 - The ~$200 GPU Decision For Linux Gamers Direct3D 9 Over Vulkan Hits New Milestone New Heterogeneous Memory Management For Linux, Will Be Supported By NVIDIA/Nouveau EGL_ANDROID_native_fence_sync Patches For Mesa Latest Featured Articles RadeonSI Benchmarks On Budgie, GNOME Shell, KDE Plasma 5, LXDE, MATE, Unity, Xfce GCC 6.2 vs. Clang 3.9 Compiler Performance On Clear Linux With Intel Kaby Lake AMDGPU+RadeonSI With Deus Ex: Mankind Divided, One Week Later Intel Kaby Lake HD Graphics 620 OpenGL/Vulkan Performance On Linux Intel Kaby Lake Linux Testing With MSI's Cubi 2 Mini PC Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip or Bitcoin. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2016 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
Skip to content Satellite Press Releases pr @ satprnews.com IoT in Consumer Electronics Market 2016-2027: Development & Demand, Key Findings and Key Players Analysis Market Research Future IoT in Consumer Electronics Market by Application (Home System, Smartphones), Sensor (Accelerometer, Light Sensor), and Deployment – Forecast 2016-2027 Key Players in this market are- Intel (U.S.), IBM (U.S.), Gainspan (U.S.), Apple Inc. (U.S.) Particle.io (U.S.) Libelium Comunicaciones (Spain),Qualcomm Technologies (U.S.),Silicon Laboratories (U.S.) — Market Research Future PUNE, MAHARASHTRA, INDIA, November 18, 2016 /EINPresswire.com/ — Market Overview IoT is a network of physically connected devices with help of software, sensors, electronic equipment’s and network connectivity to exchange and communication of data and information with or without human presence. From the couple of years, as the technology is growing has been grown, IoT has bought the revolutionary change in the consumer electronic market. Market Segmentation • Segmentation by Application Verticals: Smart Home, Smartphones & Tablets, PCs and laptops, Smart Wearable devices and other. • Segmentation by Sensor: Accelerometer, Light Sensor, Pressure Sensors, Temperature Sensor, Gyroscopes Sensor. • Segmentation by Deployment: On-Premise & Cloud. Get a Sample Copy of Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample-request/global-iot-in-consumer-electronics-market-research-report-global-forecast-to-2027 Key Players for IoT in Consumer Electronics Market • Intel (U.S.) • IBM (U.S.) • Gainspan (U.S.) • Apple Inc. (U.S.) • Particle.io (U.S.) • Libelium Comunicaciones (Spain) • Qualcomm Technologies (U.S.) • Silicon Laboratories (U.S.) • Lantronix, Inc. (U.S.) • ARM Holdings Plc., (U.K.) Latest Industry News • In May 2016, Intel announced the demo testing of Puma 7 Home Gateway. • In April 2016, Gainspan Corp. introduced the new product in HD Streaming Video/Audio Platform for Smart Homes which can be operated through smartphones. • In February 2016, Qualcomm Technologies introduced a new IP camera which can be used for safety and security and can be operated through mobiles and other devices. Taste the market data and market information presented through more than 60 market data tables and figures spread in 145 numbers of pages of the project report. Avail the in-depth table of content TOC & market synopsis on “Global IoT in Consumer Electronics Market – Global Forecast to 2027“ Report Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/global-iot-in-consumer-electronics-market-research-report-global-forecast-to-2027 Brief Table of Contents for Global Denture Adhesive Market 1. Report Prologue 2. Introduction 2.1 Definition 2.2 Scope of the Study 2.2.1 Research Objective 2.2.2 Assumptions 2.2.3 Limitations 2.3 Market Structure 2.4. Market Segmentation 3. Research Methodology 3.1 Research Process 3.2 Primary Research 3.3 Secondary Research 3.4 Market Size Estimation 3.5 Forecast Model 4. Market Dynamics 4.1 Drivers 4.2 Restraints 4.3 Opportunities 4.4 Mega Trends 4.5 Macroeconomic Indicators 5. Market Factor Analysis 5.1 Value Chain Analysis 5.2 PORTERS Five Forces 5.3 demand & supply: gap analysis 5.4 Pricing Analysis 5.5 Investment Opportunity Analysis 5.6 Merger and Acquisition Landscape 5.7 UP-Coming trends in IoT in Consumer Electronics Market 5.7.1 Market trends 5.7.2 Technological trends 5.7.3 Insurance & Regulations 5.7.4 Others 6. IoT in Consumer Electronics Market by Application 7. IoT in Consumer Electronics Market by Sensors 8. IoT in Consumer Electronics Market by Deployment CONTINUED… Get Complete In-depth Table of Contents for this Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/request-toc/global-iot-in-consumer-electronics-market-research-report-global-forecast-to-2027 About Market Research Future: At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services. MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions. In order to stay updated with technology and work process of the industry, MRFR often plans & conducts meet with the industry experts and industrial visits for its research analyst members. Akash Anand Market Research Future +1 646 845 9312 email us here Author: Monika Donimirska Editor View all posts by Monika Donimirska Author Monika DonimirskaPosted on November 18, 2016November 18, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: 5th Annual 5K Walk/Hike for Meso Raises Over $122,000 for Mesothelioma Research Next Next post: K-12 Talent Management Software in US 2016 Market Expected to Grow at CAGR 14.57% and Forecast to 2020 Search for: Search Recent Posts Alexandra's Announces a Much Anticipated Winter Holiday Sale: November 25th and 26th, 2016 Modern Hospitality Tips for the Holidays With Chef Whitney Miller Raw Paws All Natural Treats Partners With Amazon via Seller Fulfilled Prime Fiat Chrysler Automobiles Celebrates 7.8 Billion YouTube Music Video Views With Two-minute Commercial During 2016 American Music Awards Tonight (Sunday, November 20) Coast Guard, locals save 6 from boat sinking off New Bedford, MA Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 September 2013 June 2013 March 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 July 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 April 2010 March 2010 August 2009 January 1970 Categories Satellite Space Flights Uncategorized VSAT Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Satellite Press Releases Proudly powered by WordPress
Projects Myself |Family |Projects | Thoughts Updating the KLN89B My epic saga of updating a plane's very old GPS's data in a very modern way Update: Nov 18, 2013 Date: Nov 17, 2016 4 comments ModulaR bootloader AVR USB bootloader with encryption, and USB API for loaded code (a first) Date: July 21, 2016 1 comment Cool Room Lights 1000 RGB lights ought to be enough for everyone? Date: Sept 29, 2015 5 comments Holiday Card A card that plays one of many songs Date: Dec 30, 2014 14 comments Playing with eTokens Running custom code on Aladdin PASS eTokens Date: Oct 14, 2013 13 comments Advanced Transcend WiFiSD hacking Custom kernel and Ubuntu chroot Update: Sep 19, 2013 Date: Sep 18, 2013 67 comments USB RGB status light(s) 3 USB-controllable RGB LEDs to show things like build statusses Date: May 26, 2013 6 comments LED pendant (8x8) A cool piece of tech-jewelry to be worn in any club environment Date: Jan 8, 2013 8 comments uJ - a Java VM for microcontrollers A full Java VM that can run on even the smallest of microcontrollers (source and examples included) Update: Apr 21, 2013 Date: Oct 15, 2012 32 comments "Bit-Banging" Bluetooth Low Energy Creating BTLE-compliant advertisement packets, so that iOS and android devices can see and parse them. Date:Jul 31, 2012 47 comments Efficient SBC decoding A workng exmaple of an efficient integer decoder for Bluetooth's SBC codec. Date: May 26, 2012 4 comments Cortex-M0 emulator on an ATTiny85 A workng emulator of the Thumb instruction set written in asembly for the 8-bit AVR family of microcontrollers. Date: May 17, 2012 18 comments Linux on an 8-bit micro? A successful experiment in running real Linux on an 8-bit AVR. Update: Apr 16, 2012 Date: Mar 27, 2012 286 comments RC Dimmer A 120V Dimmer with infra-red remote control implemented using 2 PIC microcontrolers. Date: Oct 27, 2011 4 comments Nike+iPod reverse Engineering A work on reverse engineering the Nike+iPod wireles sprotocl, complete with decoder and data explanations. Update: Oct 13, 2011 Date: Oct 5, 2011 22 comments RC Mood light A mood light with infra-red remote control implemented using 2 PIC microcontrolers. Update: Jun 14, 2011 Date: May 9, 2011 5 comments One-chip 11x10 LED matrix A charlieplexed 10x11 LED matrix driven by a single chip - a 14-pin PIC microcontroller. No other chips are used. Date: May 1, 2011 6 comments One-chip sound player A cool way to play audio from an SD card using a single 8-pin PIC microcontroller and no other chips at all Update: Apr 28, 2011 Date: Apr 25, 2011 80 comments Import SMS PalmOS -> iPhone A method to import SMSs form PalmOS (or many other sources) into iPhone, including some scripts and programs to help Date: Feb 2, 2011 3 comments
null
By reading this site you agree to our cookie policy. Click to find out more. [x] HOME TECH GAMING BUSINESS CONSUMER MOBILE HEXUS.TV TRUST COMPETITIONS FORUMS SEARCH You are here: Laptop Hardware System Builders News 17 Asus ROG launches the GX800 liquid cooled gaming laptop by Mark Tyson on 18 November 2016, 11:01 Tags: ASUSTeK (TPE:2357) Quick Link: HEXUS.net/qadbb4 Add to My Vault: Asus ROG surprised with the launch of the GX700 gaming laptop a little over a year ago. This machine was built for 4K gaming on the go, and to run flat-out required a large 'hump' or 'wart' with integrated hybrid liquid cooling system to be attached. At Computex this summer we saw an update to the GX700 first touted alongside the unveiling of Project Avalon at the 'Join the republic' press event. Now Asus ROG has officially announced the new GX800. Like the GX700 before it, the Asus ROG GX800 uses the Intel Skylake Core i7-6820HK processor. This is a 45W TDP 4C/8T processor that normally runs at base/boost of 2.7/3.6GHz. The Asus Hydro Overclocking System wart boosts the processor clock to 4.2GHz automatically. DDR4 memory in the machine can be clocked as high as 2,800 MHz. Graphics processing gets a massive update: the GX800 replaces last year's GeForce GTX 980 GPU in the GX700 with a pair of GTX 1080s. Asus says that the GPUs are overclocked to 1,961MHz, with video memory pushed to 5,200MHz. The machine running with the clocks mentioned above achieves a score of 10,395 in 3DMark Fire Strike Ultra. Asus ROG aimed to minimise any compromise with this gaming laptop, so beyond its raw processing power Asus has implemented other choice PC technologies. For example, the GX800 is fitted with a 18-inch Ultra-HD (3840x2160) 100 per cent Adobe RGB display with G-SYNC. It includes a MechTAG keyboard with mechanical switches (2.5mm of key travel, 100 per cent anti-ghosting with 30-key rollover) and AURA RGB backlight effects for individual keys. Storage is catered for by three M.2 NVMe SSDs in RAID 0 configuration. Other niceties include; a Thunderbolt 3 interface, 802.22ac Wi-Fi plus external antenna, and a high-end ESS SABRE headphone DAC and amplifier. Asus ROG bundles the new GX800 with ROG backback and suitcase for the laptop, cooling 'wart', and twin 330W power adaptors. Quality luggage will be attractive to future owners, as the GX800 weighs 5.7Kg alone, and the Hydro Overclocking System is 4.7kg. Asus ROG hasn't published pricing and availability details, however it did say the GX800 was "coming soon" back in mid-June. Related Reading 6 Medion Akoya S3409 Ultrabook Ultrabook doesn't have to mean exorbitant pricing. 6 EVGA SC17 1070 Gaming Laptop The enthusiast laptop makes the transition from GTX 980M to GTX 1070. 8 Razer Blade Stealth An ultrabook and gaming PC in one? Nvidia GeForce GTX 1050 Ti for laptops specs, benchmarks leak Asus announces ROG Claymore and Claymore Core keyboards Asus launches the VG245H gaming monitor for console users Asus RoG is giving away Mafia III with selected products Asus, MSI and Gigabyte all enjoy strong sales in September HEXUS Forums :: 17 Comments Login with Forum Account User Name Password Don't have an account? Register today! Posted by Pleiades - Fri 18 Nov 2016 11:05 'Hump' or ugh ‘Wart’? Why not ‘Tumour’ or ‘Blob’? Can't you think of something a bit more palatable & techy? Hmm. I can't. Posted by scaryjim - Fri 18 Nov 2016 11:11 Pleiades … Can't you think of something a bit more palatable & techy? … They've missed a real opportunity IMNSHO - "HydroDock™" EDIT: Hmmm, already in use, but http://www.hydrodock.com/ was last updated in 2002 (and good lord it shows…!) Posted by EvilCycle - Fri 18 Nov 2016 11:19 I think wart works fine, the thing does look like an ugly growth out the back of the laptop, no matter how useful that growth may be! Posted by LSG501 - Fri 18 Nov 2016 11:29 My god that is an engineering monstrosity…. there are so many more compact designs they could have come up with. They could have used a ‘tube’ with air blowing from one side to the other with a coil with fins taking the water down the tube.. At that size I may as well just get/take a small form factor pc and a screen…. Posted by bitbucket - Fri 18 Nov 2016 11:48 Am I understanding correctly? 10.4kg, for the whole thing… I mean, at that weight it's almost as convenient to stick your PC in a suitcase and cart that around instead - monitor and all. I predict they'll sell absolutely none of these. Zero. And anyone who does buy it has more money than sense. SEE NEWER » MY HEXUS Sign in for the best HEXUS experience LOG IN REGISTER HEXUS NEWSLETTER MOST VIEWED MOST COMMENTED 1 AMD Zen chips to debut on 17th January: Chinese mobo maker 18 2 Shipping manifest hints at Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 Ti 10GB VRAM 22 3 Intel to release an unlocked Kaby Lake Core i3 desktop CPU 4 4 Corsair Harpoon RGB 0 5 Nvidia releases GeForce Game Ready 375.86 WHQL drivers 7 1 QOTW: Which CPU is inside your PC(s)? 110 2 Shipping manifest hints at Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 Ti 10GB VRAM 22 3 AMD Zen chips to debut on 17th January: Chinese mobo maker 18 4 Asus ROG launches the GX800 liquid cooled gaming laptop 17 5 AOC AGON AG271QX 8 EVENTS ALL EVENTS POLL FACEBOOK INDUSTRY PRESS RELEASES 1 ENERMAX Europe Launches Ostrog Lite – the elegant Gaming Tower 2 New iPhone 7 Collection from Element Case 3 Which? names Zen its Best Broadband Provider 4 Thrustmaster announces ultimate racing wheel for PC gamers 5 Cooler Master Launches MasterCase Pro 5 NVIDIA Edition 6 NETGEAR launches 802.11AC wireless access point to improve WiFi coverage INFORMATION About us Advertise Contact us How Competitions work How we test About Cookies What our awards mean Privacy and terms of use SUBSCRIPTIONS RSS / Alerts / Twitter Facebook / Newsletter Unsubscribe HEXUS Community Members: 408,210 Forum posts: 2,559,115 Forum threads: 246,665 Currently active users: 604 Copyright © 1998 - 2016, HEXUS.net. All rights reserved. HEXUS® is a registered trademark.
Skip to content Hackaday Primary Menu Home Blog Hackaday.io Store Hackaday Prize Submit About November 20, 2016 iPhone NVMe Chip Reversed with Custom Breakout Boards 34 Comments by: Brian Benchoff November 18, 2016 Ever so slowly, the main storage in our computers has been moving from spinning disks, to SSDs over SATA, to Flash drives connected to a PCI something or other. The lastest technology is NVMe — Non-Volitile Memory Express — a horribly named technology that puts a memory controller right on the chip. Intel has a PCI-based NVMe drive out, Samsung recently released an M.2 NVMe drive, and the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus are built around this storage technology. New chips demand a reverse engineering session, and that’s exactly what [Ramtin Amin] did. He took a few of these chips out of an iPhone, created a board that will read them, and managed to analize the firmware. Any reverse engineering will begin with desoldering the chip. This is easy enough, with the real trick being getting it working again outside whatever system it was removed from. For this, [Ramtin] built his own PCIe card with a ZIF socket. This socket was custom-made, but the good news is you can buy one from ITEAD. Yes, it is expensive — that’s what you get with a custom-made ZIF socket. With the chip extracted, a custom PCIe card, and a bit of work with the NVMe implementation for Linux, [Ramtin] had just about everything working. Eventually, he was able to dump the entire file system on the chip, allowing anyone to theoretically back up the data on their iPhone or MacBook Air. Of course, and especially for the iPhone, this data is encrypted. It’s not possible to clone an iPhone using this method, but it is a remarkably deep dive into the hardware that makes our storage tick.” Posted in hardware, sliderTagged flash, iphone, NVMe, PCIe, reverse engineering, storage Post navigation ← Vintage Tube Radio Restorations Think Your Way to Work in a Mind-Controlled Tesla → 34 thoughts on “iPhone NVMe Chip Reversed with Custom Breakout Boards” Ryan White says: November 18, 2016 at 1:37 am “Analize” – word of the day/year :) Report comment Reply werecatf says: November 18, 2016 at 2:29 am Freudian slip, clearly shows exactly what Brian Benchoff has been thinking of lately! Report comment Reply Steve says: November 18, 2016 at 6:15 am Since the proper spelling is “Analyze” it doesn’t change anything as far as Freudian slips go. Report comment Reply Royell says: November 19, 2016 at 8:42 am “within English, -ize, is added to adjectives and nouns to form transitive verbs with the general senses “to render, make” ( actualize; fossilize;…” Trying to actuality the anal. Report comment Reply Royell says: November 19, 2016 at 8:53 am Actualize* stupid auto-correct. Report comment Joey Bloggs says: November 18, 2016 at 5:14 am “Volitile” as well – must be the the influence of the “iDevices”. Report comment Reply Annie says: November 18, 2016 at 6:17 pm imgur.com/ktdWGmP.jpg Report comment Reply notarealemail says: November 18, 2016 at 8:57 pm Hahaha! +1 Best joke I’ve seen this week. Me wants a t-shirt with that. Report comment Reply Annie says: November 19, 2016 at 5:07 am It’s no joke. Its called reality. Report comment Rev Tactule says: November 18, 2016 at 6:15 am No really Benchoff surely test outsourcing overseas this article writing Report comment Reply FrankenPC says: November 18, 2016 at 10:07 am It works either way on a hacking forum. Report comment Reply notarealemail says: November 18, 2016 at 1:47 am NVMe — Non-Volitile Memory Express I’m honestly surprised that Apple didn’t go with iMEMORY.” Report comment Reply Max Siegieda (@CampGareth) says: November 18, 2016 at 2:46 am It’s not an Apple technology, it’s from the NVMe workgroup and had someone from Intel chairing it. First release was 2011. Read all about it on wikipedia. This article makes it sound like it’s brand new technology which it isn’t but it’s mostly been in use in high end PCs and servers so maybe not everyone’s heard of it. Report comment Reply james_lan says: November 18, 2016 at 8:22 am When has that ever stopped Apple from re-branding something? It’s actually been in use for far more than that. Pretty much any x86 tablet has been using that for a while, as well as a lot of small computers. M.2 is a rather common form factor for a while. Report comment Reply C says: November 18, 2016 at 10:51 am M.2 and NVMe is not the same. Report comment Reply Irish says: November 18, 2016 at 6:39 am “iNVMe” Report comment Reply uminded says: November 18, 2016 at 8:23 am iMEMBER drives store your data in clusters. Yeaaa, I member! Report comment Reply chango says: November 18, 2016 at 8:37 am Spicy meme, bro. Report comment Reply Nippey says: November 18, 2016 at 3:11 am Nice to see some people really trying out interfacing these new memories. Some months ago, I got a Galaxy S6 for Data resurrection. As it was basically bricked I already started to collect all information I could get about the UFS 2.0 bus architecture. Hopefully next project to see here is a UFS 2.0 breakout board :) Report comment Reply Sjaak says: November 18, 2016 at 4:49 am Can some tell more about where to buy custom ZIF sockets? Report comment Reply Annie says: November 18, 2016 at 5:59 pm http://www.ironwoodelectronics.com/index.cfm Report comment Reply Ryan White says: November 18, 2016 at 5:15 am Would it be possible to ‘recycle’ broken 6S and 6S Plus phones into DIY PCIe storage cards with something like this (minus the expensive custom socket)? Report comment Reply rasz_pl says: November 18, 2016 at 7:22 am my thought exactly! what confuses me in this writeup is mention of 25 MHz PCIe clock. PCs run at 100 MHz and afaik you cant change it, so how did he make it work? Report comment Reply charliex says: November 18, 2016 at 10:23 pm usually you just div 4 the 100mhz signal Report comment Reply rasz_pl says: November 19, 2016 at 8:28 am wait, does that mean those Apple chips run with x100 PLL multiplier? that would make sense Report comment Reply johnny2dicks says: November 20, 2016 at 9:28 am Probably not. Apple is viciously against any sort of extended use or reuse of any of their devices. They want you to buy something, use it for 2 years tops, TOPS, and then have no other choice but to buy whatever new garbage their slinging. They don’t even want you to reuse complimentary headphones or chargers. Apple executives have a pretty substantial appetite for high class hookers and cocaine, they would spit on an AIDS baby’s face if they caught one trying to teeth on an old iphone 4. They think you and the rest of their customers are stupid, and will throw money every time they whip out their dicks and helicopter it on a stage. And they aren’t entirely wrong. Report comment Reply ejonesss says: November 18, 2016 at 5:50 am are the NVMe chips soldered or removable? Report comment Reply andres says: November 18, 2016 at 8:49 am soldered Report comment Reply ejonesss says: November 18, 2016 at 11:55 am there goes my buying the an iphone 6s 32 gig model and buying an iphone 128gb card on ebay and swapping to stick it to the old man. Report comment Reply swaan says: November 18, 2016 at 1:53 pm Some shops do just this – replace the iPhone NVMe chips for bigger ones! Report comment Reply Annie says: November 18, 2016 at 6:04 pm Isn’t that against crApple rules? Report comment xorpunk says: November 18, 2016 at 8:11 am seven-figure security bounties have anything to do with such extent of work? Report comment Reply WhoWasI says: November 18, 2016 at 8:22 am “Eventually, he was able to dump the entire file system on the chip, allowing anyone to theoretically back up the data on their iPhone or MacBook Air.” Unfortunately, for “anyone” doing so would require first de-soldering the chip off their device. Sure wish we had a backup for that! Report comment Reply jack324 says: November 19, 2016 at 3:55 am By anyone I think he meant anyone with a good enough reason to go through the trouble, ie government agencies and other state actors. Me and you? Nope, not likely. Report comment Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Search Search for: Never miss a hack Follow on facebook Follow on google+ Follow on twitter Follow on youtube Follow on rss Contact us Subscribe If you missed it The BASIC Issue With Retro Computers 57 Comments Smartphone Bench Instrument Apps: Disappointment or Delight? 23 Comments Direct To Object 3D Printing 16 Comments Medium Over Message: A CD-ROM Multimedia Bubble Survivor’s Tale 98 Comments The Little Mechanism That Made Precise Time-keeping Possible 58 Comments More from this category CategoriesCategories Select Category 3d Printer hacks Android Hacks Arduino Hacks ARM Ask Hackaday ATtiny Hacks Beer Hacks blackberry hacks Business car hacks Cellphone Hacks chemistry hacks classic hacks clock hacks cnc hacks computer hacks cons contests cooking hacks Crowd Funding Curated Current Events digital audio hacks digital cameras hacks downloads hacks drone hacks Engine Hacks Engineering Fail of the Week Featured Fiction firefox hacks FPGA g1 hacks google hacks gps hacks green hacks Hackaday Columns Hackaday links Hackaday Store Hackerspaces HackIt handhelds hacks hardware History Holiday Hacks home entertainment hacks home hacks how-to Interest internet hacks Interviews iphone hacks ipod hacks Kindle hacks Kinect hacks laptops hacks laser hacks led hacks lifehacks linux hacks lockpicking hacks macs hacks major tom Medical hacks Microcontrollers misc hacks multitouch hacks musical hacks netbook hacks Network Hacks news nintendo ds hacks nintendo gameboy hacks nintendo hacks nintendo wii hacks Nook Hacks Original Art palm pre hacks parts peripherals hacks phone hacks playstation hacks podcasts portable audio hacks portable video hacks psp hacks radio hacks rants Raspberry Pi repair hacks Retrotechtacular reviews robots hacks roundup security hacks Skills slider Software Development software hacks solar hacks tablet pcs hacks teardown Tech Hacks The Hackaday Prize tool hacks toy hacks transportation hacks Uncategorized video hacks Virtual Reality weapons hacks wearable hacks Weekly roundup wireless hacks xbox hacks Our Columns Hackenings: Technologica Incognita Parties After SHA2017 Plans 5 Comments 3D Printering: Smartphone Resin Printers Actually Work 36 Comments Creating A PCB In Everything: KiCad, Part 1 60 Comments Solving Hackaday’s Crypto Challenge 4 Comments How to Control Your Instruments From A Computer: It’s Easier Than You Think 27 Comments More from this category Recent comments CaptMcAllister on Only One Button? No Problem! gregkennedy on Under the (Linux) Hood Eugene on Partsbox.io Wants to Organize Your Junk Box D on Five-Watt SDR Transciever for Hams D on Five-Watt SDR Transciever for Hams Dustin Mayfield-Jones on New Record for Balloon: Duration Aloft Curtis on Five-Watt SDR Transciever for Hams gh0stwriter88 on Bringing USB Devices To The Apple Desktop Bus Dustin Mayfield-Jones on New Record for Balloon: Duration Aloft Olaf on Five-Watt SDR Transciever for Hams Now on Hackaday.io StefanM has added a new log for Peek inside UNI-T UT390B+. Ant:On liked MIDI Hero. Thomas liked Ada on an RM46 launchpad. tiefpunkt has updated the log for Particulate Matter Sensor Network. tiefpunkt has added a new log for Particulate Matter Sensor Network. David J. Sandoval liked Travelling Hacker Box. Thomas liked FM-synth, two voice, music box. Kaspar Emanuel liked PCB - Art medium. Bruce Land liked General Purpose Software Defined Transmitter. Killian Alawi has updated the project titled Becoming a Superhuman. Home Blog Hackaday.io Store Hackaday Prize Video Submit a tip About Contact us Never miss a hack Follow on facebook Follow on google+ Follow on twitter Follow on youtube Follow on rss Contact us Subscribe to Newsletter Copyright © 2016 | Hackaday, Hack A Day, and the Skull and Wrenches Logo are Trademarks of Hackaday.com Powered by WordPress.com VIP
  Guru3D.com Forums > Hardware > SSD and HDD storage Marvell controller problem User Name Remember Me? Password SSD and HDD storage This section covers storage units like SSDs, M.2., HDDs, RAID chatter and everything related   Thread Tools Display Modes Marvell controller problem   (#1) kens30 Maha Guru     Videocard: ASUS STRIX GTX 1070 OC Processor: 2700K @ 4.7 HT Mainboard: Asus P8Z77-V Deluxe Memory: Corsair 1866 16gb Soundcard: Sound Blaster Z PSU: Corsair AX860 Platinum Marvell controller problem - 11-18-2016, 09:41 | posts: 1,056 | Location: Greece Hi to everyone, I have connected a hard drive to one of my 2 Marvell onboard sata 6g 9128 controller as i have populated all intel native 4 sata and 2 sata 6g. The problem that i can't find a solution is that in windows 10 it shows up as a removable device with an eject option (which actually ejects the hd). In my z77 bios settings there is no option to disable hot plug from the marvell connected drives. In windows device manager under Storage controllers Marvell 91xx sata 6g there is no policy setting to disable hot plug neither on the hd connected. Please if anyone has a solution i would really appreciate it..     kens30 View Public Profile Find all posts by kens30     (#2) mbk1969 Ancient Guru   Videocard: GeForce GTX 970 Processor: I7-4930 Mainboard: Asus p9x79 Memory: G Skill RipjawZ, 16GB Soundcard: Onboard + FiiO E17 PSU: 1000 W 11-18-2016, 10:19 | posts: 2,771 | Location: Moscow, Russia Have you flashed latest BIOS or may be special BIOS patches for Marvel controller? Have you installed Marvel`s drivers? What is the list of driver files (Device manager => Marvel controller => Driver tab => Details button)? Edit: http://www.win-raid.com/t29f25-Recom...e-Drivers.html Start your own thread @ win-raid.com - there are experienced users over there. Last edited by mbk1969; 11-18-2016 at 10:24.     mbk1969 View Public Profile Find all posts by mbk1969 « Previous Thread | Next Thread » Thread Tools Show Printable Version Email this Page Display Modes Linear Mode Switch to Hybrid Mode Switch to Threaded Mode Posting Rules You may not post new threads You may not post replies You may not post attachments You may not edit your posts BB code is On Smilies are On [IMG] code is On HTML code is Off Forum Rules Forum Jump User Control Panel Private Messages Subscriptions Who's Online Search Forums Forums Home General Chat     The Guru's Pub     Folding@Home - Join Team Guru3D !     Frontpage news     Digital Photography, Home and Portable Electronics     Tablets and Smart Phones     The HTPC, HDTV & Ultra High Definition section Videocards     Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce     Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce Drivers Section     Videocards - AMD Radeon     Videocards - AMD Radeon Catalyst Drivers Section     Videocards - 3dfx     Videocards vs General Purpose - NVIDIA Ageia PhysX, GPGPU etc.     3D Stereo Gaming Section     Benchmark Mayhem Hardware     General Hardware     Die-hard Overclocking & Case Modifications      Computer Monitor Forum     Soundcards, Speakers HiFI & File formats     SSD and HDD storage     Processors and motherboards AMD     Processors and motherboards Intel     Network questions and troubleshooting     Laptops & Notebooks Affiliates     Rivatuner Generic Discussion forum         RivaTuner Advanced Discussion forum     MSI AfterBurner Overclock Application Discussion forum     MSI AfterBurner Private Beta access     ATI Tray Tools         ATI Tray Tools Generic Discussion             ATI Tray Tools Public Beta Section     Guru of 3D Clan General     Games, Gaming & Game-demos     Game Tweaks and Modifications     Consoles & console games     Operating Systems     General Software and Applications     Hardware Reviews and News     Programming/Html     Links Powered by vBulletin® Copyright ©2000 - 2016, Jelsoft Enterprises Ltd. vBulletin Skin developed by: vBStyles.com Copyright (c) 1995-2014, All Rights Reserved. The Guru of 3D, the Hardware Guru, and 3D Guru are trademarks owned by Hilbert Hagedoorn. -- Aria -- Dark -- Fast Contact Us - The Guru of 3D - Archive - Privacy Statement - Top
null
Skip to: Content | | Footer Newegg.com - A great place to buy computers, computer parts, electronics, software, accessories, and DVDs online. With great prices, fast shipping, and top-rated customer service - once you know, you Newegg. If you are reading this message, Please click this link to reload this page.(Do not use your browser's "Refresh" button). Please email us if you're running the latest version of your browser and you still see this message. Newegg.com - Computer Parts, Laptops, Electronics, HDTVs, Digital Cameras and More! If you see this message, your web browser doesn't support JavaScript or JavaScript is disabled. Please enable JavaScript in your browser settings so Newegg.com can function correctly. Feedback / Shipping Destination: United States United States Australia United Kingdom India Ireland Netherlands New Zealand Poland Singapore United States $ USD $ USD Update Try TRY NEWEGG PREMIER FOR FREE TODAY! Free 30-Day Trial when you sign up for a 12-month membership. Sign up and start enjoying: Expedited Shipping Free 3-Day-or-sooner expedited shipping on qualifying items. Share Benefits Add up to four friends to your account so they can enjoy your great Newegg Premier benefits. Free Returns with No restocking fee Free shipping on returns and waived restocking fee for qualifying items. Dedicated Customer Service Need quick assistance? Use our private customer service line to help answer any questions or concerns. Learn More | Sign Up Now Wish List Customer Service Track An Order Find Invoice Return An Item Check Return Status Find Rebates Customer Help Center All Products DEALS & SERVICES Black Friday Preview Deals start at 11/21 1PM PT unless otherwise specified. Email Deals Our latest email deals. Newegg Mobile Shop Exclusive Deals on our Mobile App! Marketplace Spotlight Every week, the Newegg deals team hand-picks intriguing products for you. Outlet Open box, clearance, refurbished and recertified PCs, electronics and more. Sales Event Weekend Sale 32 Black Friday Deals What's New Newegg TV Smart Home VR Central Subscription Store Intel Extreme CPU ZTE Axon 7 Talon AD7200 More at Newegg Premier Membership Newegg Store Credit Card GameCrate Student Store Gift Cards Newegg Gift Card Amex Pay-with-Points Textbook Store Featured Sellers Featured Sellers All Top Sellers 1276 25 33 512 947 18 178 292 99 71 727 321 Editor Tested Avegant Glyph, A Personal Theater Testing the DJI Phantom 4 Drone Up Your Game with QLIPP Trending Events Home Safety & Security Systems Radio Controlled Tech Deals Save on Select Dyson Products For Sellers Save Big with Shipped by Newegg Simplify SBN with Freightos iframe for layout Search all Search all Search iframe for layout Home >  Computer Systems >  Laptops / Notebooks >  Laptops / Notebooks >  ASUS >  Item#: 1TS-001A-002P7 Back To Combo Open Box: Images shown are from the NEW version of this item and are for reference only. The actual Open Box product may differ in packaging and included accessories, but has been tested to ensure basic functionality. Skip Image Gallery … ASUS Laptop X555DA-AS11 AMD A10-Series A10-8700P (1.80 GHz) 8 GB Memory 256 GB SSD AMD Radeon R6 Series 15.6" Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Share Ships from United States. Sold and Shipped by Newegg Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller AMD A10-Series A10-8700P (1.80 GHz) 8 GB Memory 256 GB SSD AMD Radeon R6 Series 1920 x 1080 Windows 10 Home 64-Bit LOADING... ASUS Laptop X555DA-AS11 AMD A10-Series A10-8700P (1.80 GHz) 8 GB Memory 256 GB SSD AMD Radeon R6 Series 15.6" Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Ships from United States. Back To Top Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A ASUS X555DA A Value-packed Everyday Notebook with User-centric Features With a harmonious blend of style and performance, the ASUS X Series redefines your expectations of an all-rounder notebook. The striking thin design with a luxurious, tactile finish adds a touch of sophistication and elegance to your everyday computing. Powered by a choice of Intel or AMD processors, the X Series provides awesome processing power to tackle your daily tasks with ease. With a bunch of user-centric features – like brilliant 15.6” display with ASUS Splendid Technology, high-quality ASUS SonicMaster-enhanced audio, smartphone-like response times and SuperSpeed USB 3.0 ports, it perfectly serves your needs for work and play. A Quality Notebook with a Premium Feel A value notebook doesn't have to mean settling for something basic. ASUS X Series notebooks give you all the computing essentials in a notebook with a tactile finish and a high quality, premium feel. It covers all the bases, making it the ideal choice for all your computing needs. It's All in the Details With various finishes and colors to choose from, the ASUS X Series notebooks let you express your personal style. But it's not just about looks; X Series has all the necessary features and ports you require for everyday computing. After all, it's the little details that count. Designed for Productivity and Entertainment ASUS X Series notebooks are powered by Intel or AMD processors for smooth, responsive performance. This processing performance, coupled with powerful graphics and an advanced onboard memory controller, makes the X Series ideal for daily computing tasks or for watching movies and videos. X Series tackles them all with ease, giving you all the multitasking performance you need for work or play within a compact chassis. Lifelike Colors with ASUS Splendid Technology Developed by the ASUS Golden Eye team, the exclusive ASUS Splendid technology gives you accurate colors and color temperature. It delivers brilliant, vibrant colors by fine-tuning various display settings and parameters. Various Modes for Different Scenario Choices ASUS Splendid technology gives you four different video settings to suit whatever is on screen, ensuring you get only the very best visuals. It enhances images to give you richer, deeper colors for stunning visuals whether you're watching videos and movies, or browsing through photos. A Notebook with Smartphone-like Accessibility With the ASUS X Series, you get a notebook with smartphone-like response times. It features a 2-second instant resume, so you can go from sleep mode to surfing the net or working on documents in a jiffy. X Series notebooks even give you various optimized power modes so you get the most life out of your battery. They can even remain in standby mode for an incredible two weeks! You needn't worry about losing data during that time too, since it automatically gets backed up when the battery level drops below 5% charge.* *Battery life and standby time may vary by specification and use. Extensive Connectivity Options ASUS X Series notebooks feature USB 3.0, HDMI and VGA ports, a 3-in-1 SD/SDHC/SDXC card reader, and other connectivity options to ensure compatibility with a wide range of peripherals and devices. USB3.0 for Ultra-fast Data Transfers USB 3.0 gives you ten times the speed of USB 2.0, allowing you to save photos, or transfer music and large video files in a fraction of the time. Transferring a 25GB Blu-ray quality movie now takes a mere 70 seconds. Full HD 1080p Output through HDMI On top of the standard VGA port, ASUS X Series notebooks also feature an HDMI port for Full HD 1080p output. Immersive, Crystal-clear Audio Most notebooks feature small onboard speakers that often result in a single-source audio that lacks distinctiveness. ASUS X Series notebooks deliver high-fidelity audio thanks to ASUS SonicMaster technology and ASUS AudioWizard. Be immersed in the X Series' omnidirectional audio delivery and hear music the way it's supposed to be heard. SonicMaster Technology for Hardware and Software Optimization A mixture of hardware, software, and tuning, SonicMaster was developed with the clear goal of giving you the best notebook PC audio. A professional codec ensures precise sound performance, an optimized amplifier gives you louder volumes, while larger speakers and resonance chambers deliver powerful audio output and deeper bass. Additional signal processing helps fine tune the hardware, filtering noise and improving audio clarity so you can enjoy unrivalled audio on your X Series. AudioWizard Five Pre-set Audio Modes AudioWizard is a tuning software with five pre-set audio modes to best suit your needs. Fine-tuned by the ASUS Golden Ear team, you'll get to enjoy true-to-life sounds in music, movies, and games. Its exclusive interface is extremely user-friendly, so it's all a matter of clicking your favorite settings to enjoy fully-optimized audio. Precise Input and Control at Your Fingertips ASUS X Series notebooks are designed to give you a more intuitive touchpad experience.An exclusive technology has been used in the production of smartphone touch screens to give you a highly sensitive touchpad with incredible accuracy. Smart Gesture- Multi-touch Made Easy ASUS X Series notebooks feature a multi-point touchpad with ASUS Smart Gesture technology to give you a more intuitive and natural fingertip-input experience. Smart Gesture technology supports a range of touch commands so you can pinch-zoom in and out, scroll or tap like pinch zoom in/out, scroll, and tap to access Windows 8 touchscreen functions Ergonomically Designed Keyboard The full size, one-piece chiclet keyboard features an improved back-assembled design with 1.6mm of key travel and minimal key float for a solid feel and a more comfortable typing experience. 10 Million Keystrokes Durable, Full-size Keyboard The keyboard has been ergonomically designed for increased key response and has been carefully tuned for optimal keyboard force, stroke, and travel distance. This means you stay comfortable even after typing for long periods. ASUS employs strict keyboard test standards, ensuring the keyboard on the X Series is durable enough to last 10 million keystrokes. Keeping Your Palm Rest Cool ASUS notebooks feature a unique internal design that addresses uncomfortable heat issues by preventing heat build-up under the palm rest. ASUS IceCool technology keeps the palm rest at a temperature range between 28?C to 35?C; this is significantly lower than body temperature, making typing a little bit more comfortable for you. Access Your Data and Files Anytime, Anywhere ASUS WebStorage ensures you get access to your data and files on any device that has an internet connection. With ASUS WebStorage, your files are automatically kept up-to-date and synced across various devices; you can share photos and videos with friends and family, and stream your music and movies to your device. Long Lifespan Li-Polymer Battery* ASUS X Series notebooks have a Li-Polymer battery that gives you up to 2.5 times the lifespan of Li-ion cylinder batteries. Even after hundreds of charge cycles, it still holds up to 80% of its original charge capacity**. *Only available on the X455/X555 **Battery life and standby time may vary by specification and use. Note: The image display or configuration may be different on each model, please refer to the specification. Learn more about the ASUS X555DA-AS11 Model| Brand ASUS Model X555DA-AS11 Quick Info| Color Black / Silver Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit CPU AMD A10-8700P 1.8 GHz Screen 15.6" Memory 8 GB DDR3 Storage 256 GB SSD Graphics Card AMD Radeon R6 Series Video Memory Shared memory Dimensions (W x D x H) 15.00" x 10.10" x 1.00" Weight 6.60 lbs. CPU| CPU Type AMD A10-Series CPU Speed A10-8700P (1.80 GHz) Number of Cores Quad-core Processor CPU L2 Cache 2MB Display| Screen Size 15.6" Touchscreen No Wide Screen Support Yes Resolution 1920 x 1080 LCD Features Matte Operating System| Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Graphics| GPU/VPU AMD Radeon R6 Series Video Memory Shared system memory Graphic Type Integrated Card Hard Drives| SSD 256 GB Memory| Memory 8 GB Memory Spec 4 GB x 1 + 4 GB on board Communications| WLAN 802.11ac Wireless LAN Ports| USB 2 x USB 3.0 1 x USB 2.0 Video Port 1 x VGA HDMI 1 x HDMI General| Style Thin and Light Type Mainstream Usage Consumer Dimensions & Weight| Dimensions (W x D x H) 15.00" x 10.10" x 1.00" Weight 6.60 lbs. Warranty, Returns, And Additional Information Warranty Limited Warranty period (parts): 1 year Limited Warranty period (labor): 1 year Read full details Manufacturer Contact Info Manufacturer Product Page| Website: http://www.asus.com/| Support Phone: 1-888-678-3688 Support Website| View other products from ASUS Return Policies We want to ensure your holiday shopping this year is hassle-free. That’s why we’re automatically extending our return policies on almost every product! For purchases placed between November 1, 2016 and December 24, 2016 you will have until January 31, 2017 to return your product. There's nothing additional that you have to do! Return for refund until: January 31, 2017 Return for replacement until: January 31, 2017 This item is covered by Newegg.com's Extended Holiday Return Policy. Loading... Through the Newegg EggXpert Review Program, Newegg invites its best reviewers, known as EggXperts, to post opinions about new and pre-release products to help their fellow customers make informed buying decisions.Click here for more details. Loading... Select options to continue. Sold and Shipped by: Newegg Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller Add to Compare Add to Wish List Selected Items Reset compare Best Service Sellers Luban Tech Sold and Shipped by: Luban Tech Ask Luban Tech about: ASUS Laptop X555DA-AS11 AMD A10-Series A10-8700P (1.80 GHz) 8 GB Memory 256 GB SSD AMD Radeon R6 Series 15.6" Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ► Rating:3/5 (61) Ships from United States. A2Z E-Solution Sold and Shipped by: A2Z E-Solution Ask A2Z E-Solution about: ASUS Laptop X555DA-AS11 AMD A10-Series A10-8700P (1.80 GHz) 8 GB Memory 256 GB SSD AMD Radeon R6 Series 15.6" Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ► Rating:3/5 (15) Ships from United States. eGoodies Sold and Shipped by: eGoodies Ask eGoodies about: ASUS Laptop X555DA-AS11 AMD A10-Series A10-8700P (1.80 GHz) 8 GB Memory 256 GB SSD AMD Radeon R6 Series 15.6" Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ► Rating:3/5 (6) Ships from United States. The Best Deals For You Sold and Shipped by: The Best Deals For You Ask The Best Deals For You about: ASUS Laptop X555DA-AS11 AMD A10-Series A10-8700P (1.80 GHz) 8 GB Memory 256 GB SSD AMD Radeon R6 Series 15.6" Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ► Rating:3/5 (19) Ships from United States. DemProductSales Sold and Shipped by: DemProductSales Ask DemProductSales about: ASUS Laptop X555DA-AS11 AMD A10-Series A10-8700P (1.80 GHz) 8 GB Memory 256 GB SSD AMD Radeon R6 Series 15.6" Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ► Rating:3/5 (73) Ships from United States. Compare offers from more sellers as low as $429.99 plus shipping Are you an E-Blast Insider?   Thank you for subscribing Your request will be processed within the next 24 hours. Please add "promo@e.newegg.com" to your address book to ensure delivery. See Today's E-Blast Promo Shop without retyping payment details. Secure shopping made faster. Check out with PayPal. This item is eligible for Newegg Premier benefits. Are you a Newegg Premier Member? If not, sign up today and get: Free 3-day-or-less shipping on eligible items, discounts on 2- or 1-day delivery Free shipping on returns using labels available on our website No re-stocking fees Learn More | Sign-in Condition Guidelines The following guidelines apply to all product categories unless otherwise indicated within specific categories. New : This means the product will ship as received by the manufacturer, sealed, with all advertised components, and with the manufacturer warranty. Refurbished : This means the product was tested and repaired as required to meet the standards of the refurbisher, which may or may not be the original manufacturer. Any exceptions to the condition of the item outside the manufacturer’s information should be provided in the listing, up to and including warranty details. Open Box : Newegg only guarantees your receipt of the Open Box product with the purchase of this item. Any accessories MAY OR MAY NOT be included. Newegg will NOT send you any missing accessories, even if it is required to use all of the item’s functions. Used - Like New : This means that the product has been opened, possibly used but is in perfect condition with no signs of cosmetic or functional defect. Product includes warranty, and accessories found with the original product. Product may or may not be in the original packaging. Returned items with minor packaging defects fall under this category. Used - Very Good : This means that the product has been opened, may show slight signs of use and cosmetic blemish, and may be missing minor accessories, but remain in excellent condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Used - Good : This means that the product has been used, may show clear signs of use and may be missing minor accessories, but remain in good condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Used - Acceptable : This means that the product shows clear signs of use, cosmetic defect, and may be missing minor accessories and manual, but remain in working condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Functionality issues beyond signs of use should be disclosed in product description. Price Available at Checkout Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" buttonWhy can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" buttonWhy can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. Shop by Region: United States Canada China Taiwan customer service Customer Help Center Track an Order Return an Item Return Policy Privacy & Security Feedback My Account Login/Register My Dashboard Order History Returns History Address Book Wish Lists Newegg Notifications Newegg Subscriptions Auto Notifications Company Information About Newegg Awards/Rankings Hours and Locations Careers Newsroom Newegg Blog Calif. Transparency in Supply Chains Act Tools & Resources Shop by Brand Trade-In Site Map Become an Affiliate Marketplace Sellers Shipped by Newegg Mobile Apps Sell to Newegg Product Review Video Center Rebates Affiliated Sites: NeweggBusiness For Business Needs Newegg Community Newegg Community Newegg GameCrate Gaming and Hardware News Facebook Twitter Instagram Google Pinterest YouTube Rss Policy & Agreement | Privacy Policy  © 2000-2016 Newegg Inc.  All rights reserved. Close close window If the Adobe Reader does not appear when you click on a link for a PDF file, you can download Adobe Reader from the Adobe web site.
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 5:12am Mon 21 November Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Golf Rugby Boxing Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Basketball Live Scores Tennis Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Email Liam @liamdann Liam Dann NZ Herald business editor at large Future Shock: The amazing tech coming our way 11:10 AM Friday Nov 18, 2016 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Computers Science Technology Sponsor message.   Video will play in Play now Don't auto play Never auto play I'm silently spelling my name backwards to stimulate my frontal lobe. Trying to think hard is harder than you'd think. But when I get it right the electrical activity in my brain rises and the little remote control robot in front of me starts moving forward. It's like magic. It's not though. It's the very real science of Auckland company Thought-Wired. It's mind-controlled head-set technology that could change the world for the physically disabled and for the rest of us. This is a starting point for a new technology that is expected to leap ahead exponentially in the next few years. The fundamental technology is in place, we can move things with our mind. Exponential technology has been the "buzz" phrase at the SingularityU Summit in Christchurch this week. The summit, held in New Zealand for the first time and attended by nearly 1500 people, is one of several held around the world each year by the Silicon Valley think-tank Singularity University. So what does exponential technology mean? "It takes 20 years for a new technology to become an overnight success," says Kathryn Myronuk, a San Francisco based tech consultant futurist and SingularityU keynote speaker. In other words the pace at which new technology moves out of the realms of experimental science can be very slow. But the pace accelerates. Continued below. Related Content The Economy Hub: Why the war on deflation is futile What will replace the fridge? Video Singularity 2016 It's being driven by Moore's Law - the idea coined by Intel co-founder Gordon Moore in the 1960s - that computing power doubles every two years. There is debate about whether we are starting to reach the limits of that law. Regardless it has held true for far too long for us to avoid the impact of a suite of new technologies - from self-driving vehicles, drones virtual reality and 3D printing to cloud based finance business models like Uber - changing the way we live dramatically in the next decade. It may take 20 years for the technology to become functional for everyday use but once it gets to that point it takes just a year or two for it to completely change the world and "disrupt" whatever industries it can be applied to. Humans are not good at seeing the change that is coming, says Myronuk. "People only worry when they see the hardware in front of them." Take a technology like voice recognition. It has been promising big things but continually disappointing users since the first versions were launched in the 1990s, she says. But now something like Skype translate has reached a point where it as able to functionally (if not perfectly) recognise speech and translate a multi-language conversation in real time. Or how about a computer's capacity for visual recognition? We were impressed when sensors were able to recognise basic shapes like a cat and a dog - but so can a two-year-old. Then they started to recognise letters and numbers, which is useful but still not much better than a five-year-old. But now, says Myronuk, computers can look at a medical scan and recognise pre-cancerous tissues. "Suddenly have the abilities of a 40-year-old oncologist and that's the thing that surprises us." The human eye, says her Singularity U colleague and health industry special, Michael Gillam, sees at a detail of about 600 million pixels. In terms of creating the visual equivalent of a hearing aid we currently have computer based recognition at about 1600 pixels. It has been slow progress but if the current exponential path of development holds we should reach human eye quality by 2037. What's more amazing is how far beyond that the technology could go in just another two years. These are great stories and at a conference like SingularityU , packed with inspiring speakers, they provide a welcome antidote to lot of the politics and pessimism that have dominated news this year. But there's no getting around the fact that the rise of smart technology in all its forms presents a huge challenge for the human race. What will we do to earn a living? What should our children be studying? And even if we can manage the transition how can we do it without alienating large sections of the population, exacerbating economic inequality and creating worrying reactionary political movement sand conflict. In 2013 Oxford University researchers Carl Frey and Michael Osborne concluded that 47 per cent of jobs could be reproduced by machines. But a more recent McKinsey study, focused on tasks rather than professions, found that some 85 per cent of human tasks could be reproduced by machines. Society hasn't really begun to absorb the level of change that is coming, Myronuk says. She compares it in scale to climate change and has dubbed it economic climate change. On balance she feels we are less prepared for and have less time to deal with the effects of technology. Real climate change is very serious and the debate about our response has reached a point where it goes all the way from classrooms and living rooms through to world leaders and global political forums. However, the response to economic climate change is still only being discussed seriously by a handful of economists and academics. "We're talking about 85 per cent of jobs being automated," Myronuk says. "And we're not talking about one kind of job - it's robots that sew clothes, it's robots that do agriculture it's oncology, discovery of legal documents it's across a wide number of areas. " So how is New Zealand doing at preparing for the change to come. Good but not great, says Amy Fletcher, an associate professor of political science at the University of Canterbury, who specialises in the social policy around this kind of future shock. The World Economic Forum global information technology report ranked New Zealand as the 17th best prepared to harness digital technology. Singapore was number one, followed by Finland and Sweden. "New Zealand is sitting on a firm foundation," says Fletcher. We do have policy advisers on these issues within government. "But we do need more government frameworks for tackling the challenges," she says. Sweden for example has a Minister for the Future and Fletcher says she would like to see a similar ministry in New Zealand. We can't predict the future so we are going to have to experiment with social policy. "We are going to need to be adaptive and our tolerance for risk and failure has to go up." Ideas like a universal basic income, a guaranteed wage for everyone, are starting to gain traction with economists. SingularityU director of strategy Amin Toufani believes it is inevitable. He's confident that the ever decreasing cost of technology will create enough resource abundance to enable the shift. But Myronuk is not convinced this is the answer - at least not in isolation. There is good research to show that when people have money they actually work harder and produce more, she says. "When people have money they use it to move forward and to get out of the poverty trap." But she shares the fears of traditional economists that many countries may simply not have the cash or resources to provide a realistic income. "The reality is we've only done a handful of studies on this," she says. "Imagine if we were talking about climate change and saying don't worry about it, we've done 10 studies." We simply don't yet have the data we need to address the issue and that is the problem, she says. SingularityU director of global grand challenges Nathanial Calhoun has a blunt answer for those wondering what they or their children should study to future-proof themselves. "Your chances of guessing the thing you should be studying now, to have a job in four years are really super, super low. If you are trying to guess eight to 10 years out - forget it." It's sobering advice for parents like me who view these discussions through a prism of protective anxiety for our offspring. But after three days immersed in the world of the SingularityU some clear themes emerge: We do need to take the disruptive threat to society more seriously. We need to teach adaptability and resilience. Toufani says we should be focused on AQ - adaptability quotient. Studies show that IQ is not a great predictor of success, and particularly after the first two years in the work place. What people are going to need is the ability to "learn, unlearn and learn again", he says. "Unlearning should be a core competency". As a society we need to ensure we have a framework in place for workers to change career paths and re-learn. All economics is ultimately about coping with the uncertainty. Our political and social systems, when they work, should be creating the stability and freedom for humans to progress as individuals and as a species. Right now those systems are at serious risk of being outmoded. The technology we are on the verge of unleashing will create a step change in the way we live. The potential to unlock more freedom for human creativity has never been greater but neither has the degree of uncertainty we face. - NZ Herald Read more by Liam Dann Email Liam Dann Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Northland news in brief Store mulls on $5.5m Lotto winner The owner of a Whangarei shop which sold a $5.5m winning… Hawke's Bay Today Theory put into practice on Hawke's Bay waterways Jet boats whizzed through Hawke's Bay waterways yesterday, giving members of the TANK… Bay of Plenty Times Tsunami warnings needed now Should I stay or should I go now? It was the question on many people's minds in the… Our Features' Top Stories Driven Car Care: What to do if you get a flat tyre AA Motoring says knowing how to change a tyre is a worthwhile skill to have Viva Tasty rhubarb cake recipe Try Angela Casley's tasty rhubarb cake recipe True Commercial Ponsonby fire station for sale The high-profile Ponsonby fire station, which has been owned by the New Zealand Fire… More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2016, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf03 at 21 Nov 2016 07:28:20 Processing Time: 30ms
Jump to Navigation AU EDITION | Monday, November 21, 2016 As of 5:30 AM AEST Subscribe AU Edition Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition U.K. Edition U.S. Edition FOLLOW | Make IBT your homepage Search Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video Technology Microsoft Surface Book i7 review: Everyone’s dream convertible laptop suffers the high-price dilemma By Ritwik Roy @ritwikroy1985 on November 18 2016 3:57 PM 0 0 0 0 Panos Panay, Corporate Vice President for Surface Computing demonstrates the new Microsoft Surface Studio computer at a live event in the Manhattan borough of New York City, U.S.,October 26, 2016. Reuters/Lucas Jackson The Microsoft Surface Book i7 is the second device in its convertible laptop series and the device features a 13.5-inch tablet as its top half. Pen and Touch support have been provided to its PixelSense screen and the keyboard that is the base of the Surface Book i7 hosts a graphics chip that makes the device better than most other devices in the market currently. The “Dynamic Fulcrum Hinge” is still there despite reports that Microsoft would drop it. In terms of design, it looks very similar to its predecessor. The PixelSense screen has a resolution of 3200x2400 pixels. It uses Intel’s dual-core 6th-gen Skylake Core i7-6600U chipset, SSD from 256GB to 1TB and 8GB and 16GB LPDDR3 options. Tech enthusiasts, fans and experts have all praised the laptop’s incredible speed and long battery life that is better than any other laptop in its class, writes PC World. Some have even stated that the Microsoft Surface Book i7 is somewhat more practical than Apple’s MacBook Pro 2016. The device offers both full-tablet and stylus modes and retains the full-size USB-3 and SD card slots. Thus, the hybrid laptop that doubles as a tablet too is the perfect choice for those who can afford it. This brings the price factor in question. The Microsoft Surface Book i7 is expensive. As per CNET, the Surface Book i7 is an expensive one, starting at US$2,399 (AU$3,150) for 256GB of storage and 8GB of RAM. Upgrading it to 1TB of storage and 16GB RAM will make one shell out US$3,299 (AU$4,330). This perhaps is the biggest downside of Microsoft Surface Book i7. It’s frightfully expensive. Experts have criticised Microsoft for not including the Kaby Lake chipset at that price. However, those who have used the hybrid have all praised its incredible graphics performance. It is clear that Microsoft has put in a lot of time and effort in bettering the laptop’s graphics performance. Submit Correction 0 0 0 Related Microsoft Surface Book i7 GPU has mammoth capabilities Microsoft Surface Book i7 vs Apple MacBook Pro 2016 Join the Discussion 0 0 0 Search Most Shared Most Read 1 Adele's 2017 Australian tour details: Ticket prices and schedule 0 Shares 2 Anti-psychotic drugs harmful to dementia sufferers 0 Shares 3 'The Blacklist' season 5 latest updates: Season 5 not happening? Major storyline takeaways from the Season 4 finale 'Dr. Adrian Shaw: Conclusion' 0 Shares 4 'Dancing with the Stars' season 23 episode 13 spoilers: Trio dances begin; Final Four to be announced 0 Shares 5 New 'Doctor Who' in 2018 0 Shares 6 Breakthrough melanoma blood test developed by Aussie scientists 0 Shares 7 NES Classic Edition: Nintendo promises to restock before the holidays 0 Shares 8 Optus and Huawei completed 5G trial in Australia 0 Shares 9 ‘Outlander’: New behind-the-scenes picture of Sam Heughan 0 Shares 10 ‘Outlander’ star Sam Heughan promises to answer questions 0 Shares Follow Us Please enter a valid email Like us Follow us Full site feed Domino’s to sell thickshakes and ice cream in cups in July 2017 3rd loss for Johnson & Johnson after St Louis jury awards over $70 million to California woman diagnosed with ovarian cancer Hancock Prospecting says its bid for Kidman cattle business is superior to BBHO’s AT&T to buy Time Warner for $112.25B Woolworths opens its first next generation store in Sydney Apple Pay wins deal with 31 Australian banks, credit unions More Business Economy Markets Companies Real Estate Banking & Finance Chili’s apologises after US veteran’s food taken away by manager on Veterans Day Killer clown stabs woman on leg while at home Australia infected by killer clown craze Australian resident sentenced to 20 years in Indonesia for cyanide coffee murder British woman charged with extramarital sex in Dubai after reporting her gang rape Pregnant Sydney woman burnt by charging iPhone 7 as she slept More News Australia Asia Pacific Africa The Americas Europe Middle East NBA Trade News: Thunder trying to acquire Rudy Gay Russell Wilson wants to bring back Seattle SuperSonics NBA world wants nothing to do with Donald Trump Tim Duncan immortalised: Spurs to retire his jersey Watch Los Angeles Lakers vs San Antonio Spurs: Live steam, preview, where to watch NBA Trade News: Phoenix Suns not shopping Brandon Knight More Sports AFL NRL Rugby Union Cricket Soccer Tennis Motor Sports Basketball NFL Fight Sports More Super Mario Run for iOs devices available in Australia on Dec. 15 Apple iPad Pro 2 to take up EarPods? Anti-psychotic drugs harmful to dementia sufferers 'Pokemon Go' updates: Niantic exec reveals plans for the future NES Classic Edition: Console still available for a thrice the retail price Canon 6D Mark II to sport same full-frame capabilities as 5D? More Life Environment & Science Health & Wellbeing Gaming Technology Travel & Food Fashion & Beauty Art & Design ‘New Girl’ season 6, episode 6 spoilers, recap: ‘Ready’ One Direction's Zayn Malik requested to seek professional help by Mel C ‘Brooklyn Nine-Nine’ season 4, episode 6 spoilers: ‘Monster in the Closet’ Taylor Swift rebuffs Andy Cohen's suggestion to sit with Katy Perry Adele's 2017 Australian tour details: Ticket prices and schedule 'Star Wars: Episode 8' theory: Focus on Luke's lightsaber again More Entertainment Movies TV Celebrities Music McLaren 570GT Review: Grand, But No Touring Car NASA's Juno Probe Reaches Jupiter Orbit China Begins Military Exercises In South China Sea Jose Mourinho: 'It's A Job Everyone Wants' Dior Unveils Autumn Creations At Paris Haute Couture Week IBTimes Newsletters Sign up to get the latest headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. We value your privacy. Your email address will not be shared. Sections Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Careers Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy IBT Media Syndication Editions Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe China’s Internet Moguls See Chance to Capitalize on Era of Trump Bloomberg News November 17, 2016 — 11:22 PM EST November 18, 2016 — 4:55 AM EST Baidu CEO reckons Silicon Valley may be ripe for poaching Xiaomi’s Lei Jun makes a case for better business relations What Does a Trump Presidency Mean for Silicon Valley? President-elect Donald Trump made the vilification of China a key plank of his stormy campaign. Yet its technology giants are already figuring out how they can profit off his victorious White House bid, from the chance to poach disillusioned Silicon Valley workers to possibly cementing business ties with a more pragmatic U.S. For starters, they could swell their ranks of prized tech talent. If the former reality TV star makes good on a pledge to bar foreign workers, some of the tens of thousands of overseas-born workers now plying their trade in the Valley could instead consider a career in the world’s second largest economy, said Robin Li, the billionaire chief executive of Baidu Inc. Li may have voiced the sentiments of his compatriots on Friday. China’s largest technology firms, from Tencent Holdings Ltd. to Alibaba Group Holding Ltd., have blossomed in past years into domestic economic powerhouses, helped by an influx of locally born but foreign-trained talent. Enticing non-Chinese personnel, however, has proven tougher because of language barriers, pervasive web censorship and strict government control of the internet. “I read that an advisor to President-elect Donald Trump complained that three-quarters of engineers in Silicon Valley aren’t Americans,” Li, who heads China’s largest search engine, told the audience at China’s annual World Internet Conference in the historic town of Wuzhen. “So I myself hope that many of these engineers will come to China to work for us.” The corporate luminaries who grace the government-organized assembly typically focus on talking up the potential of domestic markets and policy. It was inevitable however that the topic of Trump’s ascension surfaced at this year’s pow-wow. Li was referring to Trump’s pledge to “end forever” the use of cheaper labor from the H-1B program -- a lottery system that’s a principal source of visas for tech workers. In the two Silicon Valley counties of Santa Clara and San Mateo -- home to Intel Corp. and Nvidia Corp. -- about two-thirds of people working in computing and mathematics fields are foreign-born, according to a study by Joint Venture Silicon Valley using 2014 government data. Many of those are now seriously weighing their options. “Many engineers in Silicon Valley have expressed concern about the United States’ capabilities in innovation,” Li told the conference. “In the past, Chinese IT companies can only attract Chinese engineers from abroad. We would now like to hire more engineers from different backgrounds around the world, because China is the fastest growing major market, so let’s all work together.” Exclusive insights in your inbox, from our technology reporters around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology. Sign Up Business Your daily briefing on the most important business stories of the day. You will now receive the Business newsletter Politics The latest political news, analysis, charts, and dispatches from the campaign trail. You will now receive the Politics newsletter Markets The most important market news of the day. So you can sleep an extra five minutes. You will now receive the Markets newsletter Pursuits The coolest cars to drive, the latest gadgets to ogle, the hottest places to travel. You will now receive the Pursuits newsletter Game Plan Advice nobody tells you about getting ahead at work, school and life. You will now receive the Game Plan newsletter To be sure, uncertainty surrounds the extent to which Trump will hew to the proposals he floated on the campaign trail. Trump spent months blasting Beijing and threatening a trade war with a country he blames for stealing American jobs and capital. Bankers and lawyers are now said to be counseling Chinese clients to mothball acquisition attempts until Trump clarifies his stance on cross-border deals. “There could be stricter rules in sensitive cutting-edge technologies and the investment review could be tightened,” Wang Chaoyong, chairman of private equity firm ChinaEquity Group, said in an interview. “But in general, as to broader investment, I think it’s business as usual. It will be harmful to the US economy too if they give greater scrutiny to Chinese money.” Others actually anticipate improved relations between the two economic superpowers given the commander-in-chief’s entrepreneurial background. Xiaomi Corp. CEO and co-founder Lei Jun, whose company is best known for low-cost smartphones, has been steadily increasing the number of products it sells to America and doesn’t foresee that ending. “Trump, as an entrepreneur, is pragmatic. And that pragmatic approach will definitely help to develop China-U.S. relations,” he told reporters on the conference’s sidelines. In the end, the rise of China has become simply unstoppable -- Trump or no -- at least from the standpoint of Zhou Hongyi, the CEO of search and cybersecurity firm Qihoo 360 Technology Co. “Chinese companies are leading some of the most advanced internet innovations, and many Chinese companies are investing abroad and to make the Chinese internet model global,” Zhou said. “The new U.S. President won’t stop the trend.” Tencent, for one, is often cited for pioneering app innovation with Wechat, a messaging service used by more than 800 million that’s become the go-to destination for everything from taxi bookings to mobile games. CEO Ma Huateng, while not directly referring to Trump, told the conference his company’s ambition remained international. “This is just a current stage. We’re still trying to go global,” he said. — With assistance by Keith Zhai, and David Ramli Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Trump Says Ford Called to Say It's Keeping SUV Plant in Kentucky California’s Democrats Are Ready for Political War Obama Hits the Gas in Race to Regulate Before Trump Takes Reins Musk Says Tesla’s Solar Shingles Will Cost Less Than a Dumb Roof Tesla Seals $2 Billion SolarCity Deal Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals We Rely On Your Support: This site is primarily supported by advertisements. Ads are what have allowed this site to be maintained for the past 12 years. We do our best to ensure only clean, relevant ads are shown, when any nasty ads are detected, we work to remove them ASAP. If you would like to view the site without ads while still supporting our work, please consider our ad-free Phoronix Premium. You can also consider a tip via PayPal. QEMU 2.8 Is Coming Next Month With New Features Written by Michael Larabel in Virtualization on 17 November 2016 at 10:00 PM EST. 4 Comments QEMU 2.8.0-rc0 was released on Thursday as the first step towards getting this next update out the door for improving the Linux virtualization stack. QEMU 2.8 is set to deliver on a number of ARM improvements, POWER9 CPU support, Extended Interrupt Mode (EIM) support in the Intel IOMMU device, greater CPU support for the x86 code paths, vhost-vsock support in the VirtIO code, support for the VirtIO Crypto device, support for grant copy in Xen, SPICE now supports pure OpenGL rendering when gl=on is set, block improvements, and a wide range of other improvements. More details on the forthcoming QEMU 2.8 changes via this Wiki page. This early test release of QEMU 2.8 can be downloaded from QEMU.org. At least 3~4 more release candidates of QEMU 2.8 are planned before officially releasing it in late December. 4 Comments Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Virtualization News Intel XenGT 2016Q3 Update Adds Windows 10 Guest, Kaby Lake Support Xen & KVM Changes Line Up For Linux 4.9 Libvirt 2.3 Virtualization API Released VirtualBox 5.1.6 Brings Many Fixes QEMU 2.7 Released With Many Improvements For The Linux Virtualization Stack Having Fun With Virgil 3D On Arch Linux With Wayland, Libvirt, SPICE Popular News Project Darling Is Still Trying To Run macOS/OSX Software On Linux GCC Compiler Finishes Nuking Java Support (GCJ) Fedora 25 Cleared For Release Next Week GNOME 3.22.2 Released GNOME Lands Mainline NVIDIA Wayland Support Using EGLStreams The Current RadeonSI Benefits Of Switching To Mesa 13.1-dev Git On Ubuntu 16.10 Latest Linux News Early Benchmarks Of AMDGPU DRM-Next Code For Linux 4.10 Linux 4.9 Has Tear-Free PRIME Offloading Between Intel & AMDGPU POWER8 Talos Workstation Drops Price Slightly, Long Way From Being Funded WSL-Distribution-Switcher Swaps Out Ubuntu For Other Distros On Windows Intel Vulkan Linux Driver Now Has Patches For Fast Clears Enhanced File Stats Being Worked On For The Linux Kernel GTX 1060 vs. RX 480 - The ~$200 GPU Decision For Linux Gamers Direct3D 9 Over Vulkan Hits New Milestone New Heterogeneous Memory Management For Linux, Will Be Supported By NVIDIA/Nouveau EGL_ANDROID_native_fence_sync Patches For Mesa Latest Featured Articles RadeonSI Benchmarks On Budgie, GNOME Shell, KDE Plasma 5, LXDE, MATE, Unity, Xfce GCC 6.2 vs. Clang 3.9 Compiler Performance On Clear Linux With Intel Kaby Lake AMDGPU+RadeonSI With Deus Ex: Mankind Divided, One Week Later Intel Kaby Lake HD Graphics 620 OpenGL/Vulkan Performance On Linux Intel Kaby Lake Linux Testing With MSI's Cubi 2 Mini PC Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip or Bitcoin. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2016 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
null
Jobs Findajob.ie Search Jobs Advertise a Job Upload CV Career Advice Education & Training Cars CarsIreland.ie Used Car Search Car Dealers Homes Globrix.ie Buy Property Rent Property Advertise Properties Deals Grabone.ie Dublin Cork Galway Limerick Kerry South East GrabOne Escapes GrabOne Store Dating TheMeetingPoint.ie Mature Gay Death Notices Announcement.ie Deaths In Memoriam Book a Notice Book an Ad Book a Print Ad Book an Online Ad Facebook Twitter Sunday 20 November 2016 Hi °C | Lo °C Change Athlone Bray Cork Drogheda Dundalk Galway Kilkenny Limerick Navan Waterford News News Weather Courts Sport Soccer GAA Rugby Horse Racing Other Sports School Sports Cuala's attack is something to salivate over Mick finally fitz bill for Dublin Read: Win it for Lomu Armstrong strike put Bhoys 13 points clear Nichols leads the way Hull boss Phelan has no grudge against Moyes over United exit  Staying In Music Film TV & Radio Horoscopes When I got to Ireland I instantly felt connected to it and the people - Mara Champion Conor McGregor touches down in Dublin with The Edge Bruce Forsyth will miss Christmas Strictly after operation Why Ryan Tubridy was 'moved to tears' at Toy Show rehearsals 'Detective Dishy is best thing I've been called', says Red Rock's Chris Daniel Radcliffe and James McAvoy open up about their Victorian 'bromance', gender pay gap and science  Going Out Lifestyle Opinion 1916 Search Go Herald.ie› 'No threat to Irish jobs from USA', says Noonan Cormac McQuinn – 18 November 2016 02:30 AM Michael Noonan met Donald Trump when he visited in 2014 Finance Minister Michael Noonan has indicated he has no fears of multi-national companies leaving Ireland in the wake of Donald Trump's election as US President. Key figures in Mr Trump's team have indicated lowering corporation tax by up to 20pc in order to compete with Ireland will be a priority after he takes office in January. However, Mr Noonan, who is on a trade mission in the US, said none of the business leaders he has met have expressed a desire to relocate. The minister has not requested a meeting with the president-elect but has met with a series of high-level diplomats in Washington. He described a meeting with US Treasury Secretary Jack Lew as "very good". Projects "For the next three days, I'll be meeting people in the IT industry for discussions. Most of them will have projects in Ireland - Amazon, Facebook, Intel and Apple and all the others," he told the Limerick Leader. Asked whether Irish jobs could be under threat if the US drops corporation tax from 35pc to 15pc, Mr Noonan said: "No, that's not being expressed here at all." The minister said it was up to the American people to decide their president. "I'm dealing with the present administration. I've had no contact with him [Mr Trump] at all and didn't look for contact with him," he said. "My trip wasn't related to the election, it was arranged after Brexit. The trip is more of a follow-up to Brexit than anything else." Mr Noonan's US trip is a prelude to a similar one scheduled by Taoiseach Enda Kenny later this month. He will visit New York and San Francisco but a spokesperson said that "at present" there are no plans for talks with Mr Trump. This comes as management at Mr Trump's hotel in Doonbeg, Co Clare, said they are anticipating the incoming president will visit during his tenure. Speaking to Newstalk radio, golf pro at Trump Doonbeg Brian Shaw said: "I would be very surprised if he didn't - very, very surprised... I would be shocked if he didn't make it over." Meanwhile, Siptu has authorised ballots by union members for industrial and possible strike action on public service pay. The decision followed a meeting of the National Executive Council (NEC) at Liberty Hall yesterday. Officials wrote that, over the past year, Siptu and other unions have urged the Government to open negotiations on the Lansdowne Road Agreement to "accelerate" pay restoration. "As of this date, the Government has refused to do so," they wrote. Balloting is to begin on Thursday, December 1. Most Read Most Emailed Most Shared Young man 'threatened to kill' security guard Happy ending for Priory Hall bride Stephanie Clerys owner promises to give new staff 'fair working conditions' Garda's son arrested over stabbing murder of inner city criminal Mass will pay tribute to tragic bride-to-be Majella Young man 'threatened to kill' security guard Happy ending for Priory Hall bride Stephanie Clerys owner promises to give new staff 'fair working conditions' Garda's son arrested over stabbing murder of inner city criminal Mass will pay tribute to tragic bride-to-be Majella Promoted articles Entertainment News 'British people bought a pack of lies on Brexit', says Norton Chat show host Graham... Blizzards and Walking on Cars line out for New Year's party in Dublin Dublin's New Year's... Evil Heather's on her way back to Fair City and ready to wreak havoc Good news for Fair City... Kimmel tips Conor for the White House If you think the current race to the White House... Hate mail slamming gay celebs 'water off a duck's back' for Panti Several gay celebrities... Horgan flying high as her new series nears air date It's good news for Irish comedian Sharon Horgan... Rugby stars have taste for lemon with new city bar Rugby stars Jamie Heaslip, Sean O'Brien and... Last ditch-ticket hunt as 50,000 fans get ready to roar on Ireland in Lyon A startling 50,000 Irish... Claire weds in surprise intimate ceremony Presenter Claire Byrne walked down the aisle... 'Business as usual' for Game of Thrones filming in the North despite result Northern Ireland's body... By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy News Breaking News News Weather Sport Soccer GAA Rugby Horse Racing Other Sports Entertainment Around Town Music Film TV & Radio Competitions Lifestyle Health & Beauty Motoring Travel Opinion Jobs Property Directory Cars Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Add us on google+ Download our apps Subscribe to our newsletters Sitemap Contact Terms & Conditions Privacy Statement Advertise with Us Group Websites Search Go © Herald.ie News Courts Sport Staying In Going Out Lifestyle Opinion 1916 Subscribe Facebook Twitter
null
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Business Markets Money Real Estate Legal  • Corporate News •  One News Page > Press Releases > Security Analytics Innovator Interset Named 2016 Intel Security Innovation Alliance DEVCON Rookie of the Year Security Analytics Innovator Interset Named 2016 Intel Security Innovation Alliance DEVCON Rookie of the Year Wednesday, 16 November 2016 (4 days ago) OTTAWA, ON--(Marketwired - Nov 16, 2016) - * *Security analytics platform innovator Interset has been recognized for outstanding contributions including business impact and solution innovation at the Intel Security Innovation Alliance Developers Conference (SIA DEVCON) in conjunction with the Intel Security FOCUS Conference. Interset, along with HP Aruba, was named Rookie of the Year 2016 for demonstrating extra effort in developing a strong partnership and integration based on the McAfee Data Exchange (DXL), Intel's architecture for enabling an adaptive security ecosystem. » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Recent related news Avnet Awarded Large Company Innovator of the Year at the 2016 Governor’s Celebration of InnovationPHOENIX--(BUSINESS WIRE)--$AVT #Arizona--Avnet was recognized by the Arizona Technology Council & the Arizona Commerce Authority at the 2016 Governor’s... Business Wire 6 days ago - Press ReleasesAlso reported by •PR Newswire Asia •FinanzNachrichten.de •GlobeNewswire Japan's Abe to Address Security Alliance at Trump MeetingJapanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, ahead of a meeting with Donald Trump in New York, said he wants to establish an understanding with the president-elect about... Wall Street Journal 3 days ago - WorldAlso reported by •SFGate Golden West Security Named ‘Best of Security’ 2nd Year in a RowGolden West Security, Inc., a leading provider of residential and commercial security services in North LA County and Santa Clarita Valley since 1969, was named... PRWeb 4 days ago - Press ReleasesAlso reported by •SFGate Canna Security America (CSA) Turnaround Specialist Sets the Standards for Cannabis SecurityDENVER, CO--(Marketwired - Nov 18, 2016) -  Canna Security America (CSA) (OTCQB: CSAX), the leading comprehensive security solutions provider in the licensed... Marketwired 2 days ago - Press Releases Kaspersky Accuses Microsoft of Playing Dirty with Antivirus Apps in Windows 10Security company Kaspersky is accusing Microsoft of abusing its position with Windows 10 and forcing users to abandon third-party security solutions in its... Softpedia 1 week ago - Technology US urges stronger security for internet-enabled devicesWASHINGTON (AP) — The Obama administration urged the technology industry to secure millions of internet-connected devices from hacking, including fitness... SeattlePI.com 5 days ago - TechnologyAlso reported by •SFGate Growing adoption of Artificial Intelligence to increase privacy concerns: ForcepointThe increasing convergence of the technological and physical worlds will expand the security challenges globally and organisations will feel the long-term... BGR India 4 days ago - Technology Symantec* Cited as a Leader in Cloud Security Gateways by Independent Research FirmMOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Symantec Corp. (NASDAQ:SYMC), the world’s leading cyber security company, today announced it has been named a... Business Wire 4 days ago - Press Releases You Might Like Other recent news in Press Releases Early Start of November Sale for Smart Tweezers and LCR-Reader LCR- and ESR-meters: Discounted Price for THANKSGIVING Week United Payment Services Named Best CREDIT CARD Processing Service by topcreditcardprocessors.com for November 2016 Edinburgh Napier University Sport Science STUDENTS Ready to Score for Singapore’s Sporting Nation And Beyond “UNITED by Hand” Pays Tribute to U.S. Military Veterans, Raises Critical Awareness CALIFORNIA HIFU Celebrates Their First Anniversary Following FDA approval: Giving Prostate Cancer Patients Hope for a Healthy Future InventHelp Inventor Develops Appliance for COOKING Kabobs and Steaks (SFO-269) CEG Holdings Launches New FACEBOOK Page Designed To Bring Energy Investors Closer To The Action Than Ever Before Hong Kong Tourism Board: Hong Kong's MacLehose Trail Named One of the World's Best Hikes by NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC; Guided Tours Available from November 2016 to Experience This World-Class Hiking Trail Twitter Facebook Page People Jared Kushner Mike Pence Donald Trump Angela Merkel Barack Obama Current Topics Kanye West Holy Door Listeria Spotlight 📺 Live TV 📺 ONP TV Movie Reviews Totally Aesthetic Staff Stories The Mystery of London's KILLER FOG has just been solved MOVIE REVIEW: Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them What Next For AirBnB? Tour Guides, That's What Why You Could Soon Be Protected On The Road With a $5 Paper Helmet DOCTOR WHO: Is Season 10 The Last For Peter Capaldi? Who Will Run For President In 2020 - And Why Are So Many Looking To Hollywood? Blackberry's Last Encore.. And It's Got a Keyboard Further BREXIT Delays? Why The UK's EU Departure May Now Be Coming Even Later Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2016 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Election / Michael Flynn’s son and chief of staff pushed conspiracy theories, obscene memes online Michael Flynn’s son and chief of staff pushed conspiracy theories, obscene memes online Posted on Thursday, November 17, 2016 by CNN in Election The son of top Donald Trump adviser and retired Army Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn regularly shares conspiracy theories, expletive-filled posts, and racially insensitive sentiments on Twitter and Facebook, a CNN KFile review of his social media presence reveals. Flynn’s son, Michael G. Flynn, shared stories alleging top Hillary Clinton aide Huma Abedin had a connection to the Muslim Brotherhood, pushed a conspiracy theory that Sen. Marco Rubio was a closeted homosexual who abused cocaine, and repeatedly used expletives to attack Trump’s political opponents. The retired general has been offered the role of national security advisor, a transition official told CNN Thursday. The younger Flynn serves as his father’s chief of staff and top aide, attending events alongside his father and working for his father’s consulting firm, Flynn Intel Group. The elder Flynn credited his son with editing his book and frequently tags his son in tweets. In a photo on Facebook, the younger Flynn can be seen walking with Trump backstage. A request for comment sent to Flynn and his son, as well as a spokesperson, was not returned. A spokesperson for the Trump campaign also did not return a request for comment. The younger Flynn, whose Twitter and Facebook are largely dedicated to supporting Trump, has occasionally shared racially insensitive sentiments. In a tweet from January of this year, Flynn responded to a Vox story on Twitter about whites-only dating sites, writing, “@voxdotcom soooo African Americans can have B.E.T. but whites can’t have their own dating site? Hmmm…” (The tweet was deleted after CNN contacted Flynn for comment.) After the 2012 election, Flynn tweeted that minorities only voted for President Barack Obama because of his skin color. “Unfortunately, only reason minorities voted for BO is the color of his skin and NOT for the issues….#Election2012,” Flynn wrote. (The tweet was deleted after CNN contacted Flynn for comment.) Flynn frequently shares unfounded conspiracy theories, like ones claiming Hillary Clinton and President Obama would be tried for treason if Trump is elected. He also posted a unfounded story claiming hackers would release a video of former President Bill Clinton raping a teenage girl. In one post, he called alt-right social commentator Mike Cernovich, who frequently shares unfounded news stories, “a source I trust.” In a Facebook post from October, Flynn shared a fake news story claiming Obama flaunted an erection to female reporters in 2008. Flynn tweeted multiple times unfounded claims about Sen. Marco Rubio’s “coke house, gayish dance troupe, and foam parties.” These tweets included a baseless article about Rubio being a homosexual who lived in a drug house and went to “foam parties” where “mutual masturbation is an occasional component, generally beneath the cover of foam.” On Twitter, the younger Flynn frequently re-tweets Paul Watson, editor for the conspiracy website InfoWars, sometimes using the hashtag “#infowars” himself. His Facebook and Twitter picture are him in an InfoWars t-shirt. In one tweet, Flynn retweeted Watson sharing a video of a woman crying saying “I need an ambulance” because Trump was elected. Watson commented he thought it “might be the best thing ever.” Flynn is also a frequent retweeter of members of the so-called alt-right, retweeting links to videos that discuss whether Clinton campaign chair John Podesta had a “torture chamber” and videos claiming Huma Abedin has ties to the Muslim Brotherhood and Saudi terrorists. He has used the word “cuck” — a shorthand slur for cuck-conservative which combines the word cuckold and conservative — a number of times on social media. Flynn also regularly labels Hillary Clinton, Saturday Night Live, CNN, Sen. Bernie Sanders, President Obama, and others as communists. He labeled Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey and Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg socialists in a Facebook post, saying they promote anti-Trump and pro-Hillary views. In another post on Facebook, he called Gloria Allred, an attorney for many of the women who accused Trump of sexual assault, “a commie” who was trying to “get the heat off the witch.” Rubio, Kaine aim to curb rising anti-Semitism in Europe Trump and Japan's Abe meet for 'very candid discussion' in New York Related Posts Referendums: Who’d risk a shock result? CNN projects: Clinton to win Virginia, Trump to win Ohio Meet the pen Obama will use to veto the Keystone XL pipeline Cuomo disputes Trump’s claim cops are ‘afraid’ to do their jobs Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
| E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer More... ScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Demonetisation News How technology is changing business Plain Facts Home » Opinion Last Modified: Fri, Nov 18 2016. 04 28 AM IST Of warfare, tech and innovation As India’s IT industry matures, it must leverage the birthing of its defence industry to create millions of jobs Subscribe to our newsletter. To continue reading, we request you to support us by disabling your Ad Blocker OR by signing up In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us to ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. To learn how to disable your Ad Blocker, please click here x Steps to disable Ad Blocker on your browser In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. From our end, we will aim to show clean and unobtrusive ads to provide you with a great browsing experience. Please follow the steps below, and once done, please refresh your page. Google Chrome Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear with a check mark followed by Enabled on this site Click the button to until the text reads Disabled on this site Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Using Chrome adblock extension Click on the hand icon for adblock extension, on the top right corner of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Don't run on pages on this domain option on the drop down Once clicked a settings popup will appear. Click Exclude Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Firefox Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disabled on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access Times of India Firefox "Private Window" runs its own version of adblock. You will receive an adblock detection screen on private window, even if you are not running any adblock plugins. In this case, you will need to open LiveMint.com on your standard Firefox window. Safari Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable. Return to your Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Internet Explorer Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the bottom right hand side of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disable on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com iOS 9 and above Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable Return to the Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Please refresh your page, once Ad Blocker is disabled OR To sign up, please click here x Sign Up Email: First Name: Last Name: Srinath RaghavanManish Sabharwal India has two advantages: the changing character of warfare and its software ecosystem. Photo: Bloomberg The schadenfreude (German for joy in other people’s misery) about the Indian IT industry peaked with the last quarterly results of the major players; a particularly dim article in the foreign media was titled “Indian Software Died Today”. Only a fool would deny that the India’s IT services industry is moving from the hormonal exuberance of adolescence to the cruising speed of adulthood but predictions of its demise or peaking at three million jobs are premature given the many horizons that are emerging: all hardware now needs a software layer; India’s clustering, critical mass and externalities in software rivals China’s in manufacturing; India produces more engineers than China and the US combined, so captive software centres beyond the FANG (Facebook, Amazon, Netflix, Google) like Uber, Airbnb, Expedia, KPMG, J.P. Morgan, etc., are exploding as companies decide technology is a core competence. We make the case for another opportunity: combining the middle-age of India’s IT services industry with the birthing of the India’s private defence industry. Upsides include jobs, defence self-sufficiency, and an innovation ecosystem. The technology-defence virtuous cycle is epitomized by the US. Global positioning systems were conceived for missile guidance systems. The Internet, sensor technology, drones, 3D printing, driverless cars, and Apple’s voice-recognition technology—all have roots in department of defence funds. The defence innovation fund mandated with funding high-risk and high-payoff technology counts Google’s Eric Schmidt and LinkedIn’s Reid Hoffman as board members. At the height of the Cold War, the US government accounted for nearly 50% of every research dollar globally; even now, the $72 billion it invests in R&D is more than double of what Apple, Intel and Google spent last year combined. Israel’s lead in cybersecurity was midwifed by its army and now the world’s largest supercomputer resides at China’s National Military University. Late to the party, India has two advantages: the changing character of warfare and its software ecosystem. The first is obvious. What matters in war is not large forces or heavy firepower but information dominance. This needs a network of networks which acquires enormous amounts of information about the battle space and the adversary, mines it real-time, and enhances capability of the men behind the machines by translating information into effective military action. Some of this network of networks—drones, big data, database administration—already exists but the frontiers of human machine interface need to be pushed by advancing bio-robotics, machine learning, and accelerating human cognition (both for soldiers on the front lines and intelligence analysts in the rear). This needs blurring the boundaries of hardware and software. We want to fence the Line of Control (LoC) but what we need is a state-of-the-art information system, overlaid on the area from the LoC to the hinterlands, that will act as a force multiplier and lower brute manpower numbers. Similar intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance efforts fused with massive data collection and data-mining operations will be critical in urban area operations of the kinds we saw in Kashmir. The Prime Minister’s identification of defence as one of the pillars of Make In India sets up things for convergence; the IT industry is a willing partner but defence research, funding, procurement, and human capital needs policy and institutional change. Currently defence R&D is concentrated in the Defence Research and Development Organization’s (DRDO’s) labs—which are not ready for information-driven warfare. For funding, we need an organization modelled on the US Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency that will identify and fund frontier defence technology research—the polar opposite of the current DRDO model. This agency will take early-stage bets in dual-use technologies and identify 10 universities and 10 private-sector entities to partner with. In procurement, we need public-private partnerships; our huge spends can catalyze the industry. The worries about a close relationship between defence spending and the private sector creating crony capitalism on steroids are valid but tactical; think of the fall in wholesale corruption in coal and telecom spectrum. There will be accidents as we put in place a new model synergizing defence and technology, but these will not be birth defects. Finally, human capital: we need to create the board proposed in the 2002 Group of Ministers report with representatives from government, academia and private industry. We also need lateral entry into government as the state’s ability to look ahead at the new frontiers of warfare, technology and military organization needs specialization. People will correctly worry about government directed private defence funding being industrial policy; we’ve seen that movie before and know how it ends. But if there was ever an area ripe for “The Entrepreneurial State” advocated by Mariana Mazzucato, it is defence. It’s not clear whether the hacking of US Democratic Party emails happened or Indian ATM cards came from Russia or Pakistan, but it is clear they originated overseas and represent one future of warfare. General George S. Patton reminded us that wars are fought with weapons but won by men; India has a unique chance to reboot both. Srinath Raghavan and Manish Sabharwal are, respectively, with the Centre for Policy Research and Teamlease. Srinath RaghavanManish Sabharwal Topics: IT industryFacebookAmazonNetflixGoogle More from this Section Demonetisation and the battle for the minds and hearts of India Know when to say ‘no’ The state of impact investing in India Domestic help and the cash Trump, RSS and blissful coexistence Editor's Picks Demonetisation: Income tax department notices to those depositing huge cash Arun Jaitley pitches for latest technology in farm sector, hints at incentive review Oil may rise to $55 if all producers cooperate: Iran Modi’s demonetisation drive may damage Arvind Kejriwal the most Demonetisation has achieved 50% of objective: Subramanian Swamy First Published: Fri, Nov 18 2016. 01 15 AM IST Read more from Livemint Govt panel clears ToR norms for Rs16,0000 crore Delhi airport project Demonetisation and the battle for the minds and hearts of India Our wealth manager made us disciplined about savings Editor's Picks Demonetisation: Income tax department notices to those depositing huge cash Arun Jaitley pitches for latest technology in farm sector, hints at incentive review Oil may rise to $55 if all producers cooperate: Iran Latest News Govt panel clears ToR norms for Rs16,0000 crore Delhi airport project Demonetisation and the battle for the minds and hearts of India Our wealth manager made us disciplined about savings You don’t need to invest in 10 different funds to build a good mutual fund portfolio Know when to say ‘no’ Mint On Sunday The dilemma of Draupadī’s disrobing The prodigals return to Neroca US elections: How slogans can make or break a candidate Now, the crowd can bankroll your research How to maximize judicial time Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2016 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2016 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Campaign Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump Hillary Clinton Sunday shows SPONSORED: The Latino Economy Just In... Trump calls Schumer 'cunning' in deleted tweet News — 12m 38s ago Pelosi challenger Tim Ryan gets first public backer House — 40m 39s ago Kissinger: Trump has no baggage Campaign — 54m ago Search for secretary of State appears to narrow Campaign — 54m 41s ago Kerry: 'We all must do more to protect transgender persons' News — 1h 6m ago Obama, Putin have brief conversation at APEC summit News — 1h 19m ago Building the BRICS of the Paris Agreement Energy & Environment — 1h 32m ago Jack Keane declined offer to be Defense secretary: report Campaign — 1h 33m ago view all Senate Dems block one of their own from FCC post By Ali Breland - 11/17/16 05:35 PM EST   © Getty Two top Senate Democrats are blocking the confirmation of a fellow Democrat, Jessica Rosenworcel, to the Federal Communications Commission. Sens. Ed MarkeyEd MarkeyDem senators drop objection to FCC commissioner Overnight Tech: FCC chief lashes out at GOP | Obama takes on fake news | Bill would delay new hacking powers Senate Dems block one of their own from FCC post MORE (D-Mass.) and Ron WydenRon WydenDem senators drop objection to FCC commissioner Congress seeks to delay changes to warrant rules Overnight Cybersecurity: Spy chief Clapper resigns MORE (D-Ore.) filed a hold, or formal objection, to block Rosenworcel’s confirmation. It's the latest obstacle in efforts to confirm Rosenworcel to a second term. Her confirmation has been held up by Republicans for months, and now the opposition from lawmakers of her own party makes those prospects even more difficult. ADVERTISEMENT If Rosenworcel is not confirmed by the end of the year, she will have to step down from commission. Markey "wants an FCC commissioner who is unequivocally committed to pro-consumer, pro-competition policies," a Senate Democratic aide told the Washington Post. "Recent actions from Commissioner Rosenworcel have called that commitment into question." Rosenworcel apparently angered the Democrats by not backing FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler's proposals for reforming the TV cable box market and expanding broadband in rural areas. In October, Wheeler postponed a vote on the controversial cable set top box proposal after Republican Commissioners Ajit Pai and Mike O'Reilly opposed the measure. Wheeler could not secure a third vote from the remaining Democratic Commissioners to pass the proposal. Rosenworcel reportedly also had concerns over the proposal. The hold also comes amid a fight between FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler and Republicans over his agenda for the agency and is likely to hamstring Wheeler's efforts to move other items. Republicans earlier this week wrote to Wheeler, urging him to avoid moving forward on any "controversial" policy items until after the presidential transition. Wheeler reluctantly yielded to those calls, dropping almost all of the items on the agenda a day before the FCC's monthly meeting. During Thursday’s open meeting, Wheeler slammed Republicans. “It is tragic that 1.3 million Americans who are blind and millions more who are visually impaired will not be able to enjoy expanded video description. They deserve better from this commission,” Wheeler said, referencing one of policy items. “All of these matters are so called ‘controversial’ because they are opposed principally by the largest incumbent firms in the sector. I believe the public interest should prevail.” Wyden joined Wheeler in expressing frustration with Republicans. “Tom Wheeler, was forced to cancel a vote during their Open Meeting due to the inaction of one acting Commissioner. That vote would have implemented a program to help rural Americans receive wireless broadband internet,” Wyden said in a statement. If Rosenworcel isn't confirmed, Wheeler could opt to stay on the Commission until his term ends in 2018 and join fellow Democratic Commissioner Mignon Clyburn. Wheeler’s status as chairman though would be in the hands of the Trump administration. Wheeler said on Thursday that he has not had any communications with the President-elect’s transition team. Tags Ed Markey, Ron Wyden   Please enable JavaScript to view the featured perspectives by Versa. View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Bolton warns Obama on Israel... Former U.N. ambassador says world leaders "very interested" in Trump. 1,065 Shares 2 Schumer threatens filibuster if... Incoming Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer said Trump should pick a "... 982 Shares 3 Pence: I 'wasn't offended' by... Trump is "preparing to be the president of all of the people of the United... 948 Shares 4 Trump blasts SNL: 'It is a totally... The president-elect has taken issue with the show in the past. 632 Shares 5 Melania and Barron Trump won't... "The campaign has been difficult for Barron, and she is really hoping to... 571 Shares 6 Schumer vows 'tough vetting' for... Democrats have pledged to fight Trump's pick for attorney general. 332 Shares 7 Outsiders take power in Trump's... People once confined to the political fringes will be at the center of... 314 Shares 8 Five things to know about Trump's... Buzz is growing around President-elect Trump's plans for a massive... 304 Shares 9 Silicon Valley makes nice with... The two sides battled during the campaign, but now tech leaders want to... 297 Shares 10 Alec Baldwin shoots down Trump's... "There is no more equal time." 203 Shares 11 Trump hits 'highly overrated' '... President-elect Donald Trump early Sunday again called on the cast and... 164 Shares 12 Kissinger: Trump has no baggage Henry Kissinger says Donald Trump is the “most unique” president-elect in... 142 Shares 13 Alec Baldwin returns as Trump on ‘... Trump in the skit meets with a variety of officials, including Mitt Romney. 137 Shares 14 Search for secretary of State... Rudy Giuliani and Mitt Romney are said to be the two favorites for the job... 123 Shares 15 Trump ripped into Christie by... Trump and Christie spoke by phone shortly before Christie was replaced as... 113 Shares 16 Trump meets with Indian business... Trump vowed to hand off his business to his three adult children in a... 107 Shares 17 Who is Tim Ryan? A closer look at... The 43-year-old from northeastern Ohio has many of the attributes Dems say... 104 Shares 18 Jack Keane declined offer to be... Retired four-star Army Gen. Jack Keane said he was offered the position of... 103 Shares 19 McCain warns Trump on waterboarding McCain says he doesn't "give a damn" what president wants to do. 74 Shares 20 Conservatives forget history in... OPINION | Conservatives must have forgotten the demonstrations against... 73 Shares 21 Trump worried about keeping phone... Trump has reportedly voiced concern about being isolated from friends. 65 Shares 22 Federal judge at citizenship... “He will be your president and if you do not like that, you need to go to... 63 Shares 23 Reports from Standing Rock detail... OPINION | The standoff has turned ugly for many of the protesters,... 62 Shares 24 Barney Frank admits 'mistake' in... Former congressman says namesake legislation should have been more lenient... 61 Shares 25 Bannon: 'I'm not a white... "Dick Cheney. Darth Vader. Satan. That's power." 60 Shares 26 Chrissy Teigen shreds Trump for... "Look who wants a f--king safe space now." 54 Shares 27 ‘Hamilton’ actor responds to Trump... The actor who spoke to Pence from the stage is responding to Trump's claim... 52 Shares 28 Pelosi challenger Tim Ryan gets... Rep. Tim Ryan, the Ohio Democrat challenging House Minority Leader Nancy... 51 Shares 29 Fox News anchor in discussions for... Eric Bolling is reportedly in discussions to join Trump administration.  51 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2016 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
Search Search for: Urvika Gola Hello World! Menu Skip to content Home About Contact Open Search Reaching out to Outreachy The past few weeks have been a whirlwind of work with my application process for Outreachy taking my full attention. When I got to know about Outreachy, I was intrigued as well as dubious.  I had many unanswered questions in my mind. Honestly, I had that fear of failure which prevented me from submitting my partially filled application form. I kept contemplating if the application was ‘good enough’, if my answers were ‘perfect’ and had the right balance of du-uh and oh-ah! In moments of doubt, it is important to surround yourself with people who believe in you more than you believe in yourself. I’ve been fortunate enough to have two amazing people, my sister Anjali, who is an engineer at Intel and my friend, Pranav Jain  who completed his GSoC 16 with Debian. They believed in me when I sat staring at my application and encouraged me to click that final button. When I initially applied for Outreachy, I was given a task for building Lumicall and subsequent task was to examine a BASH script which solves the DNS-01 Challenge. I deployed the DNS-01 challenge in Java and tested my solution against a server. Within a limited time frame, I figured things out and wrote my solution in Java and then eagerly  waited for the results to come out. Going through a full cycle of : I was elated with joy when I got to know I’ve been selected for Outreachy to work with Debian. I was excited about open source & found the idea of working on the project open source fun because of the numerous possibilities of contributing towards a  voice video and chat communication software. My project mentor, Daniel Pocock, played a pivotal role in the time after I had submitted my application. Like a true mentor, he replied to my queries promptly and guided me towards finding the solutions to problems on my own. He exemplified how to feel comfortable with developing on open source. I felt inspired and encouraged to move along in my work. Beyond him, The MiniDebConf  was when I was finally introduced to the Debian community. It was an overwhelming experience and I felt proud to have come so far..  It was pretty cool to see JitsiMeet being used for this video call. I was also introduced to two of my mentors , Juliana Louback & Bruno Magalhães . I am very excited to learn from them. I am glad I applied for Outreachy which helped me identify my strengths and I am totally excited to be working with Debian on the project and learn as much as I can throughout the period. I am not a blog person, this is my first blog ever! I would love to share my experience with you all in the hopes of inspiring someone else who is afraid of clicking that final button! Share this: Twitter Facebook Google Like this: Like Loading... urvikagola Author archive Author website November 17, 2016 Uncategorized 2 thoughts on “Reaching out to Outreachy” Add yours 2 Pingback Reaching out to #Outreachy https://urvikagola.wordpress.com/2016/11… | Dr. Roy Schestowitz (罗伊) Links 18/11/2016: Apache at 17 (Years), GNU Octave 4.2 | Techrights Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Search Search for: Text Widget This is a text widget, which allows you to add text or HTML to your sidebar. You can use them to display text, links, images, HTML, or a combination of these. Edit them in the Widget section of the Customizer. Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. Up ↑ %d bloggers like this:
Check out the latest theme park experiences and attractions Business Technology AMD stock surges on Google adoption VR expert weighs in on AMD industry news Orlando-based virtual reality expert Richard Terrell weighs in on news that AMD, which employs 150 here, has been on a roll lately and why VR's emergence will help them. Orlando-based virtual reality expert Richard Terrell weighs in on news that AMD, which employs 150 here, has been on a roll lately and why VR's emergence will help them. Marco SantanaContact ReporterOrlando Sentinel AMD sees surge from news that Google will adopt its microprocessors Advanced Micro Devices has seen its stock surge more than 25 percent this week after the tech giant Alphabet announced it would use the company's processors in its Google platform. AMD, a global microchip designer that employs about 150 in Orlando, saw its stock close at $6.97 per share Tuesday evening before it began its climb, which has taken its share price as high as $8.76 on Thursday before closing at $8.46. The surge shows that the company's efforts based in Orlando have been resonating, spokesman Drew Prairie said. "AMD's recent success, including our improved financial performance which has been reflected in our rising stock price, is a clear indication that there is growing demand for the types of high-performance graphics products that our Orlando engineering team helps create," he said. As more companies jump into technologies such as virtual reality, which requires high-speed processors to mimic reality on a device, the sector has seen a boost in demand. AMD, based in Sunnyvale, Calif., has been battling for control of the microprocessor market with Intel and Nvidia — rivals who have been competing for decades. A Jon Peddie Research study released this week found that AMD holds 13 percent of the graphics processor market — up from August, when it held a 12.3 percent share. Intel remains the dominant player, holding 70.9 percent of the market share in the latest release. Nvidia holds 16.1 percent. Caption Jobless claims decline to lowest level in four decades The fewest Americans since 1973 filed for unemployment benefits last week, a sign that the U.S. labor market is getting tighter. The fewest Americans since 1973 filed for unemployment benefits last week, a sign that the U.S. labor market is getting tighter. Caption Jobless claims decline to lowest level in four decades The fewest Americans since 1973 filed for unemployment benefits last week, a sign that the U.S. labor market is getting tighter. The fewest Americans since 1973 filed for unemployment benefits last week, a sign that the U.S. labor market is getting tighter. Caption Giant balloon bar in the sky could come to the U.S. in 2017 The French company responsible for creating the Mary Poppins themed balloon featured at Disney Springs is hoping to bring a balloon bar to the U.S. The French company responsible for creating the Mary Poppins themed balloon featured at Disney Springs is hoping to bring a balloon bar to the U.S. Caption 4 new food products you could see at theme parks soon The IAPPA Expo in Orlando revealed many new innovations happening in the theme park industry including some new food products. The IAPPA Expo in Orlando revealed many new innovations happening in the theme park industry including some new food products. Caption Restaurants tap into demand for Thanksgiving service - Orlando News Now Sure I-Drive hotels have always been open on Thanksgiving, but a growing number of mainstream independent and chain restaurants say Turkey is becoming a major dining out holiday. A look at why people are skipping eating at home on Thanksgiving and how restaurants are capitalizing. Sure I-Drive hotels have always been open on Thanksgiving, but a growing number of mainstream independent and chain restaurants say Turkey is becoming a major dining out holiday. A look at why people are skipping eating at home on Thanksgiving and how restaurants are capitalizing. Caption Former Valeant and Philidor executives charged with fraud Federal prosecutors are filing charges against one former executive of Valeant Pharmaceuticals and a former executive of Philidor, a mail-order pharmacy. Federal prosecutors are filing charges against one former executive of Valeant Pharmaceuticals and a former executive of Philidor, a mail-order pharmacy. As virtual reality, online gaming and other technologies that require speed expand, AMD and its competitors are expected to continue to grow. AMD built the graphics processors for Microsoft's popular Xbox 360 and other gaming platforms in Orlando. msantana@orlandosentinel.com or 407-420-5256; Twitter, @marcosantana Privacy Policy Copyright © 2016, Orlando Sentinel Intel Corp. Microsoft Corporation Xbox All Sections News Sports Business Classified Entertainment Travel Obituaries 64°
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2016 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Campaign Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump Hillary Clinton Sunday shows SPONSORED: The Latino Economy Just In... Trump calls Schumer 'cunning' in deleted tweet News — 12m 38s ago Pelosi challenger Tim Ryan gets first public backer House — 40m 39s ago Kissinger: Trump has no baggage Campaign — 54m ago Search for secretary of State appears to narrow Campaign — 54m 41s ago Kerry: 'We all must do more to protect transgender persons' News — 1h 6m ago Obama, Putin have brief conversation at APEC summit News — 1h 19m ago Building the BRICS of the Paris Agreement Energy & Environment — 1h 32m ago Jack Keane declined offer to be Defense secretary: report Campaign — 1h 33m ago view all Lawmakers introduce bills to ban National Guard bonus clawbacks By Rebecca Kheel - 11/17/16 02:37 PM EST   © Getty Images Lawmakers from California filed bills in the House and Senate on Thursday to permanently ban the Pentagon from recouping bonuses paid to National Guard troops more than a decade ago, fulfilling pledges to do so after the scandal broke. “The Pentagon has shown a willingness to resolve this issue on its own, but we need to ensure these efforts won’t lapse under a new president,” Sen. Dianne FeinsteinDianne FeinsteinDem senator backing Sessions for attorney general Dems pledge to fight Sessions nomination Overnight Defense: Trump transition team contacts Pentagon | Bill would ban National Guard bonus clawbacks MORE (D-Calif.) said in a statement Thursday. “We want to reassure the affected service members that our government stands by its commitments, and they will not be punished for the actions of others." ADVERTISEMENT Last month, the Los Angeles Times first reported that the Pentagon was trying to recoup more than $20 million paid to thousands of National Guard service members who reenlisted at the height of the Iraq and Afghanistan wars. The bonuses were meant to go to troops with in-demand skills but were applied more liberally. It happened in every state, but California was hardest hit. A flood of outrage followed from lawmakers from both parties. In response, Defense Secretary Ash Carter halted the collection efforts pending a review of the process whereby soldiers can seek relief from debt. Under the bills introduced Thursday, recoupment would be waived for anyone who unknowingly received erroneous bonuses. The Army would also have to reimburse any soldier who has already repaid the government, including interest, and notify credit agencies that any debt previously reported was invalid. Anyone who the Army determines knowingly engaged in fraud or misrepresentation to get the bonuses would not be covered by the bills. The Senate bill was introduced by Feinstein and fellow California Democrat Sen. Barbara BoxerBarbara BoxerHouse panel to hold hearing on National Guard bonus clawbacks Poll: Majority of Democrats want to ditch Electoral College Overnight Energy: Hopes rise for Flint aid MORE, and co-sponsored by 15 other Senate Democrats. “I am relieved that Secretary Carter has suspended efforts to reclaim bonuses from service members who accepted them in good faith, but more must be done," Boxer said in a statement. "Our soldiers and their families should not be responsible for the mistakes and illegal behavior of others. I look forward to working with my colleagues to ensure this financial burden does not weigh on our military families, who have already sacrificed so much.” The House bill was introduced by Rep. Adam SchiffAdam SchiffSearch for secretary of State appears to narrow Dem rep would 'love' Mitt Romney as secretary of State Senators vow to counter Trump on Russia MORE (D-Calif.) and was co-sponsored by 27 other lawmakers, including three Republicans. Schiff said he hopes the legislation is taken up during the lame-duck session of Congress. He also said he’ll fight to make sure it’s included in the annual defense policy bill being negotiated by a House-Senate conference committee, of which he is a part. “I was pleased when Secretary Carter announced the Pentagon would halt claw backs of bonuses and benefits given to members of the National Guard who enlisted or reenlisted to serve our nation during war time,” Schiff said in a statement. “However, legislative action is still needed to ensure these debts are waived and to repay soldiers who already paid back some or all of the bonuses they accepted in good faith. “It should not fall on the shoulders of those who serve our country to pay for the mistakes of others that offered these incentives improperly or allowed the error to go undiscovered for so many years.” Tags Dianne Feinstein, Barbara Boxer, Adam Schiff   Please enable JavaScript to view the featured perspectives by Versa. View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Bolton warns Obama on Israel... Former U.N. ambassador says world leaders "very interested" in Trump. 1,065 Shares 2 Schumer threatens filibuster if... Incoming Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer said Trump should pick a "... 982 Shares 3 Pence: I 'wasn't offended' by... Trump is "preparing to be the president of all of the people of the United... 948 Shares 4 Trump blasts SNL: 'It is a totally... The president-elect has taken issue with the show in the past. 632 Shares 5 Melania and Barron Trump won't... "The campaign has been difficult for Barron, and she is really hoping to... 571 Shares 6 Schumer vows 'tough vetting' for... Democrats have pledged to fight Trump's pick for attorney general. 332 Shares 7 Outsiders take power in Trump's... People once confined to the political fringes will be at the center of... 314 Shares 8 Five things to know about Trump's... Buzz is growing around President-elect Trump's plans for a massive... 304 Shares 9 Silicon Valley makes nice with... The two sides battled during the campaign, but now tech leaders want to... 297 Shares 10 Alec Baldwin shoots down Trump's... "There is no more equal time." 203 Shares 11 Trump hits 'highly overrated' '... President-elect Donald Trump early Sunday again called on the cast and... 164 Shares 12 Kissinger: Trump has no baggage Henry Kissinger says Donald Trump is the “most unique” president-elect in... 142 Shares 13 Alec Baldwin returns as Trump on ‘... Trump in the skit meets with a variety of officials, including Mitt Romney. 137 Shares 14 Search for secretary of State... Rudy Giuliani and Mitt Romney are said to be the two favorites for the job... 123 Shares 15 Trump ripped into Christie by... Trump and Christie spoke by phone shortly before Christie was replaced as... 113 Shares 16 Trump meets with Indian business... Trump vowed to hand off his business to his three adult children in a... 107 Shares 17 Who is Tim Ryan? A closer look at... The 43-year-old from northeastern Ohio has many of the attributes Dems say... 104 Shares 18 Jack Keane declined offer to be... Retired four-star Army Gen. Jack Keane said he was offered the position of... 103 Shares 19 McCain warns Trump on waterboarding McCain says he doesn't "give a damn" what president wants to do. 74 Shares 20 Conservatives forget history in... OPINION | Conservatives must have forgotten the demonstrations against... 73 Shares 21 Trump worried about keeping phone... Trump has reportedly voiced concern about being isolated from friends. 65 Shares 22 Federal judge at citizenship... “He will be your president and if you do not like that, you need to go to... 63 Shares 23 Reports from Standing Rock detail... OPINION | The standoff has turned ugly for many of the protesters,... 62 Shares 24 Barney Frank admits 'mistake' in... Former congressman says namesake legislation should have been more lenient... 61 Shares 25 Bannon: 'I'm not a white... "Dick Cheney. Darth Vader. Satan. That's power." 60 Shares 26 Chrissy Teigen shreds Trump for... "Look who wants a f--king safe space now." 54 Shares 27 ‘Hamilton’ actor responds to Trump... The actor who spoke to Pence from the stage is responding to Trump's claim... 52 Shares 28 Pelosi challenger Tim Ryan gets... Rep. Tim Ryan, the Ohio Democrat challenging House Minority Leader Nancy... 51 Shares 29 Fox News anchor in discussions for... Eric Bolling is reportedly in discussions to join Trump administration.  51 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2016 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
Black Friday Tech Apple Science Cars Celebrity Movies Holiday Gifts Cyber Monday     Walmart Black Friday Deals To Grab Today Posted: Nov 17 2016, 10:02am CST | by Luigi Lugmayr, in News | Black Friday   This story may contain affiliate links.   Walmart Pre-Black Friday Deals on sale include a 50-inch Samsung UN50J5000 1080p HDTV on sale for $397. Walmart launched the Pre-Black Friday Deals sale on walmart.com Wednesday. The iPad mini 2 deal is sold out again, but Walmart launched new deals including a 50-inch Samsung UN50J5000 1080p HDTV on sale for $397. This pre Black Friday TV deal is currently the best-seller in Walmart's Black Friday sale available today. How To: Find Nintendo NES Classic In Stock Other Walmart deal highlights include: $299 Xbox One S Bundle with Game, 4K UHD Blu-ray and Controller $12.99 Pie Face $34.95 RCA Voyager 7" 16GB Tablet Android 6.0 (Marshmallow) $54.95 RC Quadcopter Scout Drone 2.4GHz 6-Axis Remote Control Video/Photo Camera $449 Acer Aspire E5-575-72L3 15.6" Laptop, Windows 10 Home, Intel Core i7-6500U, 8GB, 1TB The Walmart Pre-Black Friday Deals are available online at walmart.com. Take also look at the Top 10 Walmart Black Friday 2016 deals, which will go on sale on Thanksgiving.  The Walmart Black Friday 2016 sale begins midnight on Thanksgiving Day online at walmart.com and at 6pm in stores. You can browse the full 36-pages of the Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad online. Walmart will once again open on Thanksgiving Day. The 6pm store opening time is the same as last year. Wristbands for doorbuster deals could be handed out as early as 2 hours before the Walmart Black Friday 2016 sale begins. Ask at your local Walmart store when wristbands have been handed out last year to prepare your shopping schedule. Early Black Friday sales of note are underway at amazon.com and walmart.com. The big four Black Friday 2016 ads are released along with 70 Black Friday 2016 Ads. Amazon, Walmart, Target and Best Buy published their highly anticipated Black Friday 2016 ads. We have compiled everything you need to know about Black Friday 2016 in our Black Friday 2016 guide. See the Black Friday 2016 deals advertised in the big four Black Friday 2016 ads below: Amazon Black Friday 2016 Ad Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Target Black Friday 2016 ad Best Buy Black Friday 2016 ad The hardest to find Holiday 2016 gifts include Hatchimals, NES Classic, Pokemon Go Plus and the $99 Nintendo 3DS. Use our shopping guide to hunt these hot holiday gifts. Read also everything we know about the Amazon Black Friday 2016 sale, which we predict will be largest Black Friday sale in history. Black Friday 2016 is on November 25. Read the latest Black Friday 2016 news. Buy Now on Amazon You May Like The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Leave a Comment Share this Story Follow Us Read the Latest from I4U News Black Friday Deals To Know About Today 1 hour ago New Nintendo 3DS Black Friday Deal: Stores, Times and Everything else You need to know 2 hours ago Lowe's Black Friday 2016 Deals Revealed by Scott Brothers include Parrot Drone Deal 3 hours ago New Best Buy Pre-Black Friday Ad Promotes Deals on TVs and Microsoft Surface 4 hours ago Sears Black Friday Member Private Night Sale Begins Tonight 5 hours ago Smoking E-Cigarettes Kills Mouth Cells, Study Suggests 25 minutes ago Kia Super Bowl 2017 Ad Confirmed 1 hour ago Stunning View of Ceres Captured as Dawn Spacecraft Moves to a Higher Orbit 4 hours ago Mark Zuckerberg wants APEC Countries to join Global Connectivity Revolution 4 hours ago People Prefer Wi-Fi Over Sex, Chocolate or Alcohol 5 hours ago Hatchimals Sell Now at ToysRUs for $59.99 5 hours ago Best Black Friday Deals for Smartphones 6 hours ago CDC Reveals Top 5 Causes of Death in US 7 hours ago Soyuz MS-03 Docks at ISS with 3 Astronauts Aboard 7 hours ago Best Buy Black Friday Early Access Event Begins Midnight 8 hours ago Amazon Black Friday 2016 Ad Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Target Black Friday 2016 ad Best Buy Black Friday 2016 ad All Black Friday 2016 ads How to Find Hatchimals Deals Find NES Classic Deals Your Deals on Amazon Featured News Black Friday Deals To Know About Today How to Beat Bots to Buy Nintendo NES Classic at Walmart Each Day at 5pm   Amazon Black Friday Kindle Deals Are Released Top 100 Black Friday 2016 Deals That Win Black Friday Black Friday Black Friday Deals To Know About Today 1 hour ago New Nintendo 3DS Black Friday Deal: Stores, Times and Everything else You need to know 2 hours ago Lowe's Black Friday 2016 Deals Revealed by Scott Brothers include Parrot Drone Deal 3 hours ago New Best Buy Pre-Black Friday Ad Promotes Deals on TVs and Microsoft Surface 4 hours ago More Black Friday Stories Latest News Smoking E-Cigarettes Kills Mouth Cells, Study Suggests 25 minutes ago Black Friday Deals To Know About Today 1 hour ago Kia Super Bowl 2017 Ad Confirmed 1 hour ago New Nintendo 3DS Black Friday Deal: Stores, Times and Everything else You need to know 2 hours ago More Latest News The Latest ... Black Friday 2016 Cyber Monday 2016 Holiday Gifts 2016 CES 2017 Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Advertising News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Super Bowl 2017 Ads Hot Tech Deals About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Black Friday The Black Friday 2016 season is here. When is Black Friday 2016? It is on November 25, but the Black Friday deals are on sale now. The Black Friday Deals Tracker allows shoppers to quickly find out which Black Friday 2016 deals are on sale right now online. New this year is the Amazon Black Friday 2016 Deals Tracker. The Amazon Black Friday 2016 sale is the biggest sale to find Black Friday deals all week starting Nov. 18. The Top 100 Black Friday 2016 Deals show all deals that everybody is talking about this year. I4U News is providing its annual in-depth coverage of Black Friday 2016 ads, deals and sales at the Black Friday 2016 Hub. About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2016
M Sunday, Nov 20 2016 | Updated at 01:42 PM EST Stay Connected With Us F T R Opinion Academics Students Special Reports Sports Finance Tech Career College Video Nov 17, 2016 06:14 AM EST By G. Sal, UniversityHerald Reporter Acer Swift 7 Release Date: Thinnest Laptop In The World; 7th Gen Core i5, 8GB RAM But Starves For Power? Acer Swift 7 will sport 4GB RAM or up to 8GB RAM and an internal storage of 256GB. (Photo : Ethan Miller/Getty Images) Acer Swift 7 has reportedly been hailed the world's thinnest laptop. The netbook was launched at the IFA earlier this year. The product is slated to hit the stores worldwide beginning Nov. 18. The device is slated to sell via the company's exclusive stores and selected multi-brand outlets as well as online via Flipkart. The Acer Swift 7 is said to be thinner than other netbooks by roughly 1cm or exactly 9.98mm. The device is said to be under 10mm thick. Moreover, the starting price in India is Rs. 99,999. Acer Swift 7 is also said to feature a 13.3 inch full HD display with 1080x1920 pixels and the Corning Gorilla Glass 5. The netbook weighs only 1.1 kg as well. The device will roll out in an all aluminum chassis along with an Intel  seventh generation Core i5 processor. The Acer Swift 7 will sport 4GB RAM or up to 8GB RAM and an internal storage of 256GB. The Swift 7 also comes with a 2,770mAh battery that is said to last up to nine hours, NDTV reported. The Senior Director and Consumer business head in Acer india Chandrahas Panigrahi reportedly noted that Acer had been focusing on strengthening the Swift 7 all this time. Meanwhile, the Acer Swift 7 may be starving for power with the recent allegations that it is the world's thinnest laptop. However, the netbook comes with a pricey MSRP of $1,100. However, the device is said to lack a Thunderbolt 3 which the HP Spectre 13.3 inch laptop has, PCWorld reported. Acer Swift 7 is said to be slender and quiet but it is also said to be bigger and slower than its rivals. Apparently, the thicker HP Spectre 13.3 and the Dell XPS 13 is said to carry more under the hood than the Acer's thinnest device. As for ports, the Swift 7 includes two USB 3.1 Type C Gen 1 and a headset jack. Watch: Acer Swift 7 - The Thinnest Notebook Ever Tags acer swift 7, Acer Swift 7 Specs, Acer Swift 7 news, Acer Swift 7 update, Acer Swift 7 price, Acer Swift 7 Features © 2016 University Herald, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles 'Persona 5' Release News: Valentine's Day 2017 Brings 'No-Translation' Needed Ga ... 'Diablo Guardian' Starts Production With New Producers; English, Spanish Version ... 'Overwatch' News, Update: Symmetra Improvements, Changes In the Game Nintendo Entertainment Classic Hits Stores Once Again For Limited Offer; Wii U P ... Xiaomi Mi 5c Price Leak; 'Meri' Smartphone with 5.5-inch Display, 3 GB RAM Comin ... Join the Conversation Must Read National Universities With The Most Students Living In Campus Nov 19, 2016 AM ESTHarvard has the most number of undergraduates living in campus. ... College Admissions? Ignoring Life After College Is A Mistake Nov 19, 2016 AM ESTFind out why many college students are not getting the career development they want. ... Guide To The Most Frequently Asked Questions During Tech Interviews Nov 19, 2016 AM ESTInterviews are one of the toughest phases of your job application and here are some of the most important questions commonly asked during tech ... MIT Picks Top 10 Smartest Company In The World Nov 18, 2016 AM ESTAmazon tops the list of ... Most Popular Samsung Galaxy On7 Pro: Is It Better than Xiaomi Redmi Note 3? Let's Compare UI, Speedtest, and Performance! Nov 18, 2016 PM ESTIs Galaxy On7 Pro better than Redmi Note 3? How do they compare? Check out the review! ... ‘Pokemon GO’ Thanksgiving Event: Second Gen Pokemon Release Date Will Be Revealed; Niantic Offers Bird-Based, Horses Pokemon for Thanksgiving? [VIDEO] Nov 18, 2016 AM ESTAs the Thanksgiving celebration is imminent, rumors about the latest offerings of Niantic for “Pokemon GO” started to circulate around the ... PlayStation 4 Pro Review: A Cool Console But Is The Price Worth It? Nov 19, 2016 PM ESTThe PlayStation 4 Pro is cool console but its not for everyone. It will be good gaming investment though, for certain people who fit certain ... Google Nexus 7 (2016): HTC Will Work with Google Again for 2017 Tablet Release Date? [VIDEO] Nov 18, 2016 AM ESTJust when everyone thought that Google Nexus 7 (2016) will not see the light of the day, they are probably mistaken because latest rumors suggest that ... ‘Rick and Morty' Season 3 News: The 3rd Season Will Premiere Sooner [Video] Nov 15, 2016 PM ESTRick and Morty' Season 3 will return earlier than expected to Cartoon Network's Adult Swim before the end of 2016. ... Xiaomi Mi 5c Price Leak; 'Meri' Smartphone with 5.5-inch Display, 3 GB RAM Coming in December Nov 19, 2016 PM ESTThe latest leak suggests that Xiaomi will release another affordable device in December. ... Microsoft Surface 'Phone': Is It Actually A Phone? Rumors On Specs, Release Date & Updates Detailed! Nov 17, 2016 PM ESTAs rumors about the Microsoft Surface Pro circulate around the web, sources took note of a few things consumers can expect from the company. ... Ben Carson Declined Any Cabinet Position Especially The Circulating Education Secretary Post Rumor Nov 18, 2016 AM ESTBen Carson declined cabinet position offer from Trump as he wants to have the freedom to work in many different issues. ... Sony PlayStation 4 Pro – 4K TV Guide – How To Choose Right TV Specs For Pro Console Nov 17, 2016 PM ESTSony generally recommends a big 4k TV set for the PlayStation 4 Pro. However, there are a number technical aspects that prospective 4K TV buyers ... Samsung Galaxy C5 Pro, C7 Pro: Two Revamped Phones Coming in December; Packs Larger Display, Faster Processor, Higher Specs? Nov 18, 2016 PM ESTAnother leak on Weibo micro-blogging suggests that Samsung will launch its refreshed phablets, Galaxy C5 Pro and C7 Pro in December. ... Get Our FREE Newsletters Stay Connected With Us F T R About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Us Copyright © 2016 UNIVERSITY HERALD All rights reserved. Use of this Web site constitutes acceptance of our Terms and Conditions of Use and Privacy Policy.
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Gets Samsung 10nm Semiconductor Process By Eliane Fiolet on 11/17/2016 08:20 PST Details about the upcoming Snapdragon 835 high-end SoC (main processor) from Qualcomm are starting to (officially) emerge. The new chip, designed by Qualcomm, will be manufactured by Samsung Semiconductor using Samsung’s edgy 10nm (nanometer) FinFET process technology. FinFET is a transistor technology that allows much more efficient handling of power leakage, without having to crank up the voltage. Power-efficiency is always a primary concern for Qualcomm since its chips are used in mobile devices where battery life is the main concern for nearly 70% of users, according to Qualcomm. 10nm is the most advanced semiconductor process available industry wide. Not even PCs have switched over, and Intel will do so sometime only later in 2017. Not so long ago, Samsung was already leading with the 14nm FinFET, but this 10nm evolution of the process allows a 30% of area efficiency (pack more transistors in the same space) and a 40% lower power consumption according to a joint Qualcomm-Samsung press release. Power-efficiency is important to cope with the smartphone workloads that keep getting more complex. Being able to get more things done within the same power budget is extremely important because apps are getting more complex, and more of them run in the background at any given time. Qualcomm and Samsung say that Snapdragon 835 is now in production and that the first devices should arrive on the market in the first half of 2017. Although handsets will be announced by OEMs, we can guess that some may be announced at CES 2017 and MWC 2017 – two major shows which Ubergizmo will cover in details. Handsets could be available as early as February, but March/April is more likely. Snapdragon 835 will become Qualcomm’s new “tip of the spear” in the high-end, taking over Snapdragon 821 and Snapdragon 820. Both chips will likely continue to be produced for some time, since they are used in ~200 phone designs. Filed in Cellphones. Read more about Qualcomm and SoC. Related Articles 2016-11-18 iPhone 7 On Verizon’s Network Not Performing As Well As It Could 2016-11-17 Qualcomm Quick Charge 4 Announced 2016-11-11 Qualcomm Snapdragon 830 Rumored To Feature Quick Charge 4.0 2016-11-07 Did Qualcomm Just Tease The OnePlus 3T? 2016-10-27 Qualcomm Confirms $47 Billion Acquisition Of NXP 2016-10-18 1Gbps Downloads In Next Snapdragon 800 Series Processors 2016-09-15 What is Qualcomm Clear Sight? 2016-07-25 HTC ‘Sailfish’ ROM Dump ‘Confirms’ Snapdragon 820 Chipset 2016-04-25 Surface Phone Could Sport 8GB RAM, Snapdragon 830 SoC Google Exec: iPhone Crystallized Smartphone UI Design Teens Killed While Trying To Take A Selfie With A Plane Apple Sued For Apparently Crippling The iPhone 4S With iOS 9 Update North Korea’s Red Star OS Has Absolutely Zero Privacy Son Waits 8 Years To Pull Revenge Xbox Prank On His Dad GoPro Attached To A Cannonball Results In Pretty Interesting Footage User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Enter your search terms Submit search form       Home | About Us | Sample Press Release   Press Release Articles | Press Releases and SEO | Press Release Book     Wonderment Apps Opens New Big Data Division   View as PDF  Print View    New division puts top tech like Hadoop, Amazon Redshift, MongoDB, and more to work to achieve the business intelligence, data science, reporting, and other goals of clients, Wonderment Apps reports LOS ANGELES - November 17, 2016 /MarketersMedia/ -- Wonderment Apps, a leading software development company, has opened a new Big Data division. Tapping into a group of highly trained data scientists, software engineers, designers, and other experts, the new division is capable of delivering end-to-end data pipeline solutions to clients. Whether for enabling advanced business intelligence or creating reporting tools that provide incisive new perspectives, the new Wonderment Apps Big Data division is equipped to achieve any related set of goals. Making use of top technologies like Hadoop, ElasticSearch, Apache Kafka, Amazon Redshift, MongoDB, and others, the company's new division is ready to create software that can help any client leverage the power of Big Data. "We're happy to report that we have opened a new Big Data division and can't wait to get to work," said Wonderment Apps co-founder Ryan Williams, "With so many companies today owning large collections of data, it's more important than ever to create performant systems that effectively handle collection, transformation, storage and reporting. Thoughtful data architecture is what often makes the difference, and our new division was created specifically to address this need. Our experts have years of experience working with large data sets and building tools that help clients explore, visualize, analyze, and master them. We have the skillsets to use top back-end technologies to create end-to-end data pipelines and other solutions that will help our clients achieve their business goals." Over fifty years ago, Gordon Moore, a co-founder of processor manufacturer Intel, noticed that technological advances tended to enable a doubling of silicon transistor density every twelve months. While that trend has held up fairly well, growth on the storage side of the digital domain has been nearly as impressive. For the last thirty-plus years, aggregate global information storage capacity has doubled about every 40 months. As a result, many companies and other organizations today find themselves with huge stores of data that could potentially be plumbed for useful, business-relevant insights. As a highly successful team of digital artisans, the designers, developers, and project management experts of Wonderment Apps are well positioned to assist with such goals. From engaging, brand-building web applications to mobile apps and desktop software, Wonderment Apps consistently delivers well-rounded, full-service solutions that account closely for each client's particular requirements. The new Wonderment Apps Big Data division will do the same for a field in which service of this kind is sorely needed. With domain experts leveraging a mastery of a full range of top Big Data technologies like ElasticSearch, Hadoop, MongoDB, Amazon Redshift and others, clients can count on solutions that incorporate the approaches most suitable to their needs, data sets, and situations. From advanced, query-based, end-to-end data analysis pipelines to intuitive, accessible reporting tools, the new Wonderment Apps division is ready to support business intelligence teams, data science initiatives, and any other group or activity that can benefit from Big Data approaches. Visitors to the Wonderment Apps website can learn more about the company's new Big Data division and its wide range of other services. About Wonderment Apps: Combining speed, quality, responsiveness, and a strong product sensibility in ways that benefit clients, Wonderment Apps offers a full range of development, design, product management, and business intelligence services. For more information, please visit http://www.wondermentapps.com/ Contact Info: Name: Ryan Williams Organization: Wonderment Apps Address: 17412 Ventura Blvd, #801 Encino, CA 91316 Phone: 310-962-9215 Source: http://marketersmedia.com/wonderment-apps-opens-new-big-data-division/147208 Release ID: 147208 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Top Five Best Golf Balls Buyers Guide Advances Review List Released (Sun 20th Nov 16) Unbiased Inbox Blueprint 2.0 Review Causes Worldwide Discussion, as Exclusive Bonus Introduced by Steve Baker (Sun 20th Nov 16) Charleston, Cross Lanes Nautilus Fitness Center BodyPump Combat Classes Launched (Sun 20th Nov 16) eBay Arbitrage Software For Sellers Automatic Scan Process Ship Orders Launched (Sun 20th Nov 16) Natural Dog Ear Cleaner Pharmacist Formula Released Non-Toxic Effective & Safe (Sun 20th Nov 16) Business Entrepreneur Coach Marketing Minimalism Maximum Impact Report Released (Sun 20th Nov 16) Sign in here Username: Password: Register here. Forgotten password? Press releases by industry Advertising Aerospace and Defense Architecture Arts and Entertainment Audio and Video Automotive Baseball Basketball Beauty Beverages Business Chemicals Christianity Communication Computers Consumer Crops eCommerce Economy Education Employment Energy Environment Events and Trade Shows Fashion Finance Food Football Forestry Golf Government Hardware Healthcare Holidays Human Resources Immigration Services Information Technology Insurance Internet Investment Services Legal Leisure Lifestyle Linux and Open Source Maritime Media Non-Profit Photography Plumbing and Heating Politics Public Relations Railroads Real Estate Religion and Faith Restaurants Retail Science Society Software Sports Technology Television Toys Trade Transportation Travel and Tourism Trucking Volunteer Waste Management Water [ Vist our sister sites: Linux news | Bible Study Tool ] Site design and layout copyright 2005-2015 Free Press Release Center
PRLog XHome Login Latest News News By Location News By Industry News By Tag News By Date Business Profiles Pressrooms Get Feeds Get Alerted Journalist Account PRNewswire Distribution Search Soltra winds down; what does it mean for STIX/TAXII? * STIX/TAXII standards have become "HTML of Cyber Security" and enable widespread, simple and low-cost information sharing for global enterprises across industries * EclecticIQ, top provider of STIX/TAXII-compliant Threat Intelligence Platform, commends Soltra for protecting industry as early adopter   Spread the Word: Tag(s): * Cyber Threat Intelligence * FS-ISAC * Oasis * Cyber Security * Soltra * Stix * TAXII * Eclecticiq Industry(s): * Banking * Business * Finance * Government * SecurityAMSTERDAM, Netherlands - Nov. 17, 2016 - PRLog -- DTCC and FS-ISAC announced on Nov. 15 that they are winding down Soltra, a joint venture between the two organizations serving the financial industry. Soltra will no longer provide updates to Soltra Edge, which has been downloaded more than 11,000 times and is being used by 2,900 organizations in over 77 countries. EclecticIQ commends Soltra for its role in protecting the industry as an early adopter of STIX/TAXII, the de facto standard for information sharing in cyber threat intelligence. Despite the short-term impact on current Soltra users, the widespread adoption and support for the STIX/TAXII standards enables frictionless migration to other compliant platforms. Over the past year, information sharing in cyber threat intelligence has become a global phenomenon in the fight against the most virulent cyber threats that easily cross borders and industries. Within industries such as financial services, energy, oil & gas, telecom and manufacturing, large enterprises are seeking powerful cyber threat intelligence solutions backed by experienced thought leadership. Broad, integrated perspectives, rather than industry-specific solutions, have the best chance at detecting and preventing attacks. STIX/TAXII standards have a widespread user community and a robust marketplace for STIX/TAXII-compliant tools. Over 50 commercial and open-source products already support STIX/TAXII, including but not limited to: - Threat Intelligence Platforms based on STIX/TAXII: EclecticIQ Platform, Soltra - Threat Intelligence Platforms extracting IOCs from STIX: Anomali, ThreatConnect, ThreatQuotient - Intelligence providers: FireEye/iSIGHT, Fox-IT, Group-IB, Intel 471 - SIEM tools IBM QRadar, Splunk - Endpoint solutions: Bit9, Tanium - Intrusion Detection Systems / Intrusion Prevention Systems: Check Point Software, Cisco - Open-source products: Cabby, OpenTAXII The active and growing community supporting the STIX/TAXII standards are here to stay as they have moved beyond early adoption and gained support from many in the financial services industry. This helped to create a large ecosystem in cyber threat intelligence. STIX/TAXII standards were originally created in 2012 by the US Department of Homeland Security (DHS) and MITRE, a not-for-profit national technology resource. In 2015, DHS transitioned STIX and TAXII to OASIS, which formally manages the development process much like HTML falls under W3C. OASIS members include Cisco, EclecticIQ, HPE, IBM, and the US Department of Defense. Laurent Liscia, CEO and Executive Director of OASIS, said: "The visionary STIX/TAXII standards have become a mature component of global cyber defense infrastructure, the single most important catalyst fueling the rapid growth of Cyber Threat Intelligence." EclecticIQ, the market leader in providing STIX/TAXII-based Threat Intelligence Platforms to enterprises, governments and MSSPs, is an active contributor to the further development of STIX 2.0, and has also released two open-source solutions to the intelligence community: • OpenTAXII: a feature-rich, Python-based server API for implementing the TAXII standard • Cabby: a Python TAXII client implementation including a libraries and a command line tool Joep Gommers, CEO of EclecticIQ, said: "From its inception, our company has believed strongly that the STIX/TAXII standards offer the most advanced approach for distributing and categorizing threat intelligence. We will continue to advance these standards to the benefit of the entire cyber threat intelligence community and lead in compliancy in our products." For more information about how to participate in the STIX/TAXII community, please visit the OASIS booth at the RSA Conference, Feb. 13-17, in San Francisco (South Expo #S2121). About EclecticIQ EclecticIQ works with large enterprises, governments and MSSPs to improve cyber threat detection, prevention and response. EclecticIQ's analyst-centric EclecticIQ Platform boosts effectiveness of Threat Intelligence practices and intelligence-driven SOC and CERT operations. EclecticIQ Platform automatically collects intelligence from diverse sources; enables collaborative internal workflows; integrates with enterprise security technologies; and supports secure exchanges using STIX/TAXII with external information-sharing communities. The company won Deloitte's Technology FAST50 Rising Star Award for "Most Disruptive Innovator." EclecticIQ is a member of OASIS CTI TC and affiliate member of FS-ISAC. For more information, visit www.EclecticIQ.com. Contact Martin Voorzanger ***@eclecticiq.com End Source : EclecticIQ » Follow Email : ***@eclecticiq.com Listed Under- Tags : Cyber Threat Intelligence, FS-ISAC, Oasis, Cyber Security, Soltra, Stix, TAXII, Eclecticiq Industry : Banking, Business, Finance, Government, Security Location : Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Netherlands A/C Email Vfyd: | A/C Phone Vfyd: Disclaimer   Report Abuse EclecticIQ News EclecticIQ boosts information sharing for New Zealand Internet Task Force Protect against identified Zero-Day threats with Exodus Intelligence and EclecticIQ Platform EclecticIQ Announces Bi-directional Threat Intelligence Integration with Real-time Feedback Loop for HPE Security ArcSight ESM EclecticIQ presents Cyber Threat Intelligence Maturity Model at the Gartner Security and Risk Management Summit in London EclecticIQ and Cosive partner to bring advanced Cyber Threat Intelligence to Australia & New Zealand Mobile | Home | Latest Press Releases | Feeds | Get Alerts | Journalist Account | PR Newswire Distribution | Privacy | TOS | Contact | Copyright | About
It's On MyTV Everything on TV Menu Skip to content Breaking News Sports NFL MLB NBA COLLEGE Football NHL Boxing NCAAB PGA Tennis SOCCER Reality TV Technology World Search for: Costco Wholesale dazzling Black Friday Ads for early shoppers: Save 60% on Fitness equipments, holiday decor, earrings November 20, 2016Business and Shoppingblack friday ads at costco, costco ads, costco black friday 2016, costco black friday ads, costco wholesale black fridayHarlan Busto Costo Wholesale ads has already been circulating around the web as shoppers are looking for the best deals. With the biggest shopping festival Black Friday is nearing, retailers across nation are stocking up great inventories to surprise their shoppers. There will be huge price slash on many popular products such as Surface Pro 4 from Microsoft and Apple Products. For some serious bargain deals you must look at Costco Wholesale Black Friday 2016 ads, which has everything from home improvement, kitchen electrics, winter apparel and more. Costco Black Friday 2016 ad deals in-store and online both begin at 9AM on Black Friday 25th to 28th November, we still expect Costco to offer special deals on Thanksgiving. Costco’s in-store Black Friday deals are worth looking at, they are no less than any doorbuster deals. You can save up to 60% on fitness equipments, 4K Ultra HDTVs, kitchen appliances, home improvements and holiday decor stuff. Additional savings can be attained via coupons, promo codes and special offers. Home cleaning will get fun if you have Dyson Ball Complete Upright Vacuum which is offered at $289.99 with a massive cut of $160 from regular price. Dyson V6 Motorhead + Cordless Rechargeable Stick Vacuum comes to you at a discount of $105. Save $20 on NutriBullet Prime and Waterpik Ultra & Nano Water Flosser Combo offered at $79.99 and 59.99 respectively. 40% off on Memory Foam Topper is definitely a deal worth stealing. There is huge price cut on luxurious jewellery under Costco Black Friday 2016 deals. 1.00-cttw Round Brilliant Diamond Pendant is featured at $1,199.99 (was 1,399.99) and 1.40-cttw. Princess Cut Diamond Stud Earrings is available at $3,599.99 (was $3,999.99). Getting Celeste Ladies Wool Scarf (Assorted Colors) at $23.99 is a deal that no women would like to miss. Celeste Ladies Wool/Cashmere Sweater (Assorted Colors) is offered at $39.99 (was $49.99). Hunter 52-in. 3-Light Brushed Nickel Fan w/ Remote and Hunter 52-in. 3-Light New Bronze Finish Fan w/ Remote both are featured at $79.99 (savings $20). Add style to your living room by purchasing Venezia 4-pc Top Grain Leather Set w/ Ottoman that has a massive discount of $800 and available to shop at $2.999.99 only. Blendtec Pro 750 Blender w/ Wildside+ & Mini Wildside Jars has $100 off, available at $469.99. No other dealer would give you $1000 discount on Aquaterra Spas Montecito 45-Jet 6-Person Spa like Costco does, get it at $2,999.99. The lavish Osaki OS-3D Pro Cyber Massage Chair is offered at $3,399.99 ($600 off) and Saeco Fully Automatic Espresso Machine can come to you at $319.99 ($80 off). Shopper can take advantage of buying Comfort Tech 10-in. Serene Foam Queen Mattress which is now offered at $349.99 cutting $100 from regular price. Build-A-Bear Workshop Gift Cards (4 $25 Cards) $69.99 can be the best gift for craft lovers. There is also $500 off on Vinotemp 155-Bottle Dual-Zone Connoisseur Series Wine Cooler available at $1499.99 Leave a comment Best Black Friday Deals at WALMART: Shoppers are enticed thru leaked ads and flyers, Lowest Prices available at Wal-mart November 20, 2016Business and Shoppingwalmart 2016 ads, walmart ads released, walmart black friday, walmart black friday ad, walmart black friday ads, walmart black friday deals, walmart black friday leaked ads, walmart doorbuster deals, walmart iphone 7, walmart iphone deals, walmart online deals, walmart online sales, walmart opening hours, walmart thanksgivingClay Hayes   Black Friday 2016 is coming so fast that online and store shoppers alike are looking for the best deals at Walmart through its leaked ads and flyers. Walmart Black Friday deals online begin on Thanksgiving Thursday at 12AM and In-store deals open at 6PM on same day – 24th November. Like every year few stores will be offering wristbands for customer’s hassle-free shopping and also there are some special discounted deals offered for people having Walmart App, all app orders will be shipped at home– go ahead download it for free! Walmart Black Friday 2016 ad is finally here. We are now less than a week away from Black Friday, and the buzz for shopping is going on a high note with each day passing by. After electronic deals, more and more people are looking to grab great deal on Apparel and Home electronics. While many retailers only have discounted deals on few particular items, Walmart 2016 Black Friday ads can be of huge savings on all products.   We already love what Walmart is offering on electronic and mobile deal such as Philips 55″ 4K UHDTV at $298, Xbox/PS4 at just $27 and $250 worth Gift Card on Apple’s iPhone 7 with installment billing agreement from AT&T, Sprint or Verizon. Let’s see the offers coming from Walmart on Black Friday on Apparel and Home Electronics. Walmart Black Friday Deals on Kids/Women apparel Choice of sleepwear should be important, as having relaxing bedtime helps overall mental and physical development. If you are looking to comfort your child with soft and cozy sleepwear then you should consider Walmart’s range of sleepwear for children. Toddler’s parents can buy Infant/Toddler 2-pc. Character Cotton Sleepwear Set (Assorted) or Kids Healthtex 2-pc. Fleece Sleapwear Set (Assorted) both offered at $4.75 each. For boys and girls sized 4 to 16 can go with these vibrant options – Boys 2-pc. Character Sleep Set (Assorted Styles) or Girls 2-pc. Character Sleep Set (Assorted) all at $4.75 each. Kids Character Slippers (Assorted) are also available at $4.75. Under special buy Walmart has Boys or Girls 1-pc. Character Sleepwear (Assorted Styles) priced at $8.50 and Faded Glory Boys Orange 1/4-Zip Fleece Hoodie can be purchased at $4.75 only. Walmart Black Friday is also offering Character Backpack (Assorted Styles) for children at $5.50 only. Wrangler Boys Straight Jeans are now cheaper with Walmart deals, get them at $8.50. Ladies throw all your old and boring sleepwear and winter wear, because Walmart Black Friday deals can prove beneficial for you. Buy Union Suit Womens Sleepwear (Assorted Colors) and Womens 2-pc. Character Sleep Set (Assorted Colors) at just $9 each. The very stylish Cuddl Duds Womens Climate Right 2-pc. Thermal Set (Assorted Colors) can be availed at $9, also save $6 on Riders by Lee Womens Fleece-Lined Shirt (Assorted Colors) offered now at $9. For warp lovers, Walmart has Womens Character Cozy Wrap (Assorted) priced at $9. Complete your shopping by getting the right apparel match, you can buy funky looking Womens Novelty Character Slippers (Assorted) and colourful Womens Fleece-Lined Leggings (2-pk.) at special price of $7 each. Womens Cozy Fleece Sleep Pants (Assorted Designs) and Womens Muk Luks Cozy Slipper Socks (Assorted Designs) both are offered $4.50 each. Also be winter ready with Womens Knee-High Socks (Assorted) offered at $4.50 only. If you love Emoji Beanies don’t forget to buy them at $3. Leave a comment Posts navigation ← Older posts HEADLINES Costco Wholesale dazzling Black Friday Ads for early shoppers: Save 60% on Fitness equipments, holiday decor, earrings November 20, 2016 Best Black Friday Deals at WALMART: Shoppers are enticed thru leaked ads and flyers, Lowest Prices available at Wal-mart November 20, 2016 Like Us On Facebook Pages About US Contact US Privacy Policy blogging November 2016 M T W T F S S « Oct       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   Proudly powered by WordPress
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Worldwide Stick PC Market 2016 Geographical segmentation, Size, Trends, Growth and Forecasts ReportsWeb.com published Stick PC Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. (EMAILWIRE.COM, November 17, 2016 ) Stick PCs come with an operating system. The most popular operating systems in the stick PC market are Windows 8.1 and Windows 10. There are stick PCs with dual operating systems as well where they can switch between the operating systems, according to their requirement. MagicStick is one such vendor that provides dual OSs. There are also stick PCs without OSs where the user is given the privilege to install the OS they want. Intel and Azulle are such vendors, who provide stick PCs without OSs. Chrome OS and Android are other popular OSs among stick PC manufacturers. Publisher's analysts forecast the global stick PC market to grow at a CAGR of 6.87% during the period 2016-2020. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/global-stick-pc-market-2016-2020 Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global stick PC market for 2016-2020. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the shipments of stick PCs. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: - Americas - APAC - EMEA Publisher's report, Global Stick PC Market 2016-2020, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors - ARCHOS - ASUSTeK Computer - Azulle - Chenzi - Hannspree - iBall - Intel - Lenovo - MagicStick - Meegopad - MODECOM - Panache Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001374282/sample Market driver - Wide range of potential applications - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge - High penetration of alternatives - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend - Entry of major PC manufacturers - For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report - What will the market size be in 2020 and what will the growth rate be? - What are the key market trends? - What is driving this market? - What are the challenges to market growth? - Who are the key vendors in this market space? - What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? - What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? You can request one free hour of our analyst's time when you purchase this market report. Details are provided within the report. Inquire for Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001374282/buying . Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2016
By reading this site you agree to our cookie policy. Click to find out more. [x] HOME TECH GAMING BUSINESS CONSUMER MOBILE HEXUS.TV TRUST COMPETITIONS FORUMS SEARCH You are here: Components Graphics General Business News 2 Total GPU shipments up over 20 per cent last quarter says JPR by Mark Tyson on 17 November 2016, 13:31 Tags: NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA), Intel (NASDAQ:INTC), AMD (NYSE:AMD) Quick Link: HEXUS.net/qadbaj Add to My Vault: Tech market research outfit Jon Peddie Research (JPR) has published its latest quarterly market watch report on GPUs. The overall picture is very positive with shipments in the market as a whole "up a whopping 20.4 per cent, from last quarter." All the major GPU vendors gained but if you look at the market share only Nvidia saw a positive in the most recent quarter, according to this study. In summary and in rounded figures, overall GPU shipments increased 20 per cent from last quarter; AMD increased 15 per cent, Nvidia increased 39 per cent, and Intel increased 18 per cent. Year on year total shipments were static however, up a barely noticeable 0.3 per cent with a slight balance change in favour of mobile GPUs. While Q3 is traditionally strong for GPUs, the 10 year average quarter to quarter uplift for this period is nearer to 10 per cent. JPR reports that the significant quarter to quarter gain observed was thanks to both gaming and data centre sales. In PCs the gaming sector is said to be ticking over nicely, offsetting general purpose PC shipments with improved ASPs and margins. Beyond the overall shipment uplift and per-company gains mentioned above, the following key statistics were highlighted by JPR as being of particular note in the most recent quarter: The attach rate of GPUs (includes integrated and discrete GPUs) to PCs for the quarter was 146 per cent which was up 14.96 per cent from last quarter. Discrete GPUs were in 34.84 per cent of PCs, which is up 7.06 per cent. The overall PC market increased 8.09 per cent quarter-to-quarter, and decreased -5.37 per cent year-to-year. Desktop graphics add-in boards (AIBs) that use discrete GPUs increased 38.16 per cent from last quarter. Q3'16 saw a decrease in tablet shipments from last quarter and saw notebook sales out sell tablets for the first time in three years. Comparing company performance is also interesting. While all gained thanks to the larger 'pie', Nvidia's market share increased 2.2 per cent from last quarter, Intel lost 1.6 per cent market share from last quarter, and AMDs overall share decreased 0.6 per cent, from last quarter. The handy table from JPR, below, helps to quickly illustrate the competitive landscape and recent changes. For a deeper dive into the figures, company by company its worth a look at the source report from JPR. Related Reading 16 AMD Zen chips to debut on 17th January: Chinese mobo maker First out of the door will be Zen SR7 HEDT chips with a 8C/16T configuration. 1 Next gen Intel chipsets to sport on-board Wi-Fi and USB 3.1 Industry sources tip this multi-feature integration for the Intel 300-series at the end of 2017. 18 Nvidia posts "record revenue, record margins, record earnings" Introduction and expansion of Pascal GPUs helps bump revenue up by 54pc. Intel's on-die silicon photonics tech is mind-blowing says analyst AMD releases Radeon Software Crimson Edition 16.11.4 Watch Dogs 2 to be bundled with Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 & 1070 Intel and Disney collaborate for Shooting Star Drone Xmas shows Nvidia's DGX SATURNV uses GPUs (and AI) to design GPUs HEXUS Forums :: 2 Comments Login with Forum Account User Name Password Don't have an account? Register today! Posted by jigger - Sat 19 Nov 2016 18:09 Intel owning the graphics market. Posted by simi - Sat 19 Nov 2016 18:42 Intel owning the graphics market. lubel.com.au MY HEXUS Sign in for the best HEXUS experience LOG IN REGISTER HEXUS NEWSLETTER MOST VIEWED MOST COMMENTED 1 Nvidia posts "record revenue, record margins, record earnings" 18 2 Total GPU shipments up over 20 per cent last quarter says JPR 2 1 Nvidia posts "record revenue, record margins, record earnings" 18 2 Total GPU shipments up over 20 per cent last quarter says JPR 2 EVENTS ALL EVENTS POLL FACEBOOK INDUSTRY PRESS RELEASES 1 ENERMAX Europe Launches Ostrog Lite – the elegant Gaming Tower 2 New iPhone 7 Collection from Element Case 3 Which? names Zen its Best Broadband Provider 4 Thrustmaster announces ultimate racing wheel for PC gamers 5 Cooler Master Launches MasterCase Pro 5 NVIDIA Edition 6 NETGEAR launches 802.11AC wireless access point to improve WiFi coverage INFORMATION About us Advertise Contact us How Competitions work How we test About Cookies What our awards mean Privacy and terms of use SUBSCRIPTIONS RSS / Alerts / Twitter Facebook / Newsletter Unsubscribe HEXUS Community Members: 408,210 Forum posts: 2,559,115 Forum threads: 246,665 Currently active users: 604 Copyright © 1998 - 2016, HEXUS.net. All rights reserved. HEXUS® is a registered trademark.
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. Giant Corporations Are Hoarding the World's AI Talent subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER Roadmap to 2020 Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 3 hours Love stinks: bit.ly/2g5dZRH Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Advertisement. Slide: 1 / of 1. Caption: Caption: GE Chairman and CEO Jeff Immelt exits the stage after being interviewed at the Washington Ideas Forum in Washington, DC, on September 28, 2016. Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: Cade Metz. Cade Metz Business Date of Publication: 11.17.16. 11.17.16 Time of Publication: 7:00 am. 7:00 am Giant Corporations Are Hoarding the World’s AI Talent GE Chairman and CEO Jeff Immelt. Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images General Electric builds jet engines and wind turbines and medical gear. But the 124-year-old industrial giant is also transforming itself for the digital age. It’s fashioning software that pulls data from all this hardware, hoping to gain an insight into industrial operations that was never possible in the past. The problem is that analyzing all this data is difficult, and the talent needed to make it happen is scarce. So GE is going shopping. The company just paid an undisclosed amount to acquire a Berkeley-based machine learning startup called Wise.io. “There’s thirty of them,” GE CEO Jeff Immelt says gleefully of the Wise.io team, which is heavy with astrophysicists. “You match them with aviation data, and they’re killer.” That’s great for GE and Immelt—and for their customers. But what if you’re a small software company trying to inject some AI into your operation? Wise.io was on a mission to “democratize AI”—to creating tools anyone could use to build machine learning services—but it’s now disappearing into GE. And at a time when machine learning is the prime way of staying competitive in the software world, that’s a notable thing. In the battle for scarce AI talent, companies like GE have an overwhelming advantage. The cost of acquiring a top AI researcher is comparable to the cost of acquiring an NFL quarterback. Not everyone can go out and grab thirty AI-happy astrophysicists. And if you can’t do that, the talent pool becomes very small very quickly, since these machine learning techniques are so new and so different from standard software development. Even the big players talk about the tiny talent pool: Microsoft research chief Peter Lee says the cost of acquiring a top AI researcher is comparable to the cost of acquiring an NFL quarterback. Over the past few years, other heavyweights have snapped up so many other AI startups you’ve never heard of. Twitter bought Mad Bits, Whetlab, and Magic Pony. Apple bagged Turi and Tuplejump. Salesforce acquired MetaMind and Prediction I/O. Intel acquired Nervana. And that’s just a partial list. And it’s not just software and Internet companies doing the buying. It’s also giants like Samsung and GE that are incorporating AI into physical things. As soon as startups spring up to meet the AI need, they get sucked up into the maws of the hungriest, richest corporations. “These big companies are establishing their advantage,” says Chris Nicholson, the founder of Skymind, a still-independent deep learning startup. “Technology is always a battlefield, and they’re tilting it with these acquisitions.” A Shrinking Pool Nicole Shanahan is seeing this firsthand. Her startup, ClearAccessIP, is building software that seeks to automatically analyze patent portfolios. The company uses the latest in machine learning techniques to mine relevant information for patent transactions. That means Shanahan needs data scientists, people with experience in deep neural networks and software like Google’s open source TensorFlow engine that drives this increasingly important form of AI. She’s trying to hire four data scientists who specialize in machine learning, and she can’t land even one. Last week, she put an offer out to a candidate in Canada, but he declined, saying he couldn’t make the move to the States. “It really slows us down,” Shanahan says. “We may end up hiring him as a contractor and letting him work from there.” Can’t she just hire ordinary coders? Not really. Building this machine learning technology is quite different from standard software engineering. It’s less about coding and more about coaxing results from vast pools of data. The irony is that Shanahan’s domestic partner happens to be Sergey Brin, the co-founder of Google, one of the main companies soaking up so much of the available deep learning talent. In 2013, Google acquired DNNresearch, nabbing one of the primary forces behind this technology’s recent rise: University of Toronto professor Geoff Hinton. Then it snapped up DeepMind, the company that recently shocked the AI world by building system that could crack the ancient game of Go. These acquisitions were the start of the industry’s buying spree. Related Stories What the AI Behind AlphaGo Can Teach Us About Being Human OpenAI Joins Microsoft on the Cloud’s Next Big Front: Chips Google Just Open Sourced TensorFlow, Its Artificial Intelligence Engine Soon We Won’t Program Computers. We’ll Train Them Like Dogs But it’s not just that big players like Google are buying up so much of the talent. It’s that these big players are nabbing so many startups that were trying to make AI development tools accessible to all kinds of businesses—tools that would let businesses take advantage of AI without needing as much in-house talent. Like Wise.io, Metamind aimed to provide tools that anyone could use to build machine learning services, but it has now disappeared into Salesforce. Nervana, another option, is now part of Intel. So, in a way, the world needs even more AI talent than it otherwise would—though there are signs that some of the big players will pick up the mantle of democratized AI. In the wake of the US presidential election, it may be even harder for small players to find talent. Last week, University of Montreal professor Yoshua Bengio, another key player in the deep learning movement invited AI researchers and data scientists to Quebec, where he is trying to bootstrap an entire community of companies around deep learning research. “In the depressing aftermath of the US elections, I would like to point out that interesting things are happening in the great Canadian North, with a very different kind of government,” he wrote on Facebook. Yann LeCun, the French born head of AI at Facebook, reposted the invitation, no small thing in the tiny, close-knit global community of AI researchers. “Montréal looks like a good landing site if you are an AI researcher looking for a job in North America and you belong to one (or several) categories of now-undesirable people for the newly-elected US government,” LeCun said. That potential brain drain is not a big problem for big companies like Facebook and Google and Microsoft and, yes, GE. As Immelt points out, they’re international companies that can employ researchers practically anywhere. In his post, LeCun points out that Facebook now operates an AI lab in Paris. But that dispersal of talent could add one more layer of difficulty for smaller players here in the States. If researchers flee the country and others decline to come, the pool of available talent shrinks even further, receding beyond US borders and even further into the biggest companies. For smaller companies, the hope is that some of that expertise will trickle down in the years to come. Correction: This story has been updated to clarify the mission of ClearAccessIP. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Artificial Intelligence deep learning GE google Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Pin Comment Email Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Pin Comment Email Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Most Popular Review: Sun and Moon are Kinder, Gentler Pokémon Games Gaming Review: Sun and Moon are Kinder, Gentler Pokémon Games 6 hours America’s Top Spy Talks Snowden Leaks and Our Ominous Future Security America’s Top Spy Talks Snowden Leaks and Our Ominous Future 11.17.16 Every Single Name on This Entrancing Map Is a Music Reference maps Every Single Name on This Entrancing Map Is a Music Reference 11.17.16 Woah, Google’s AI Is Really Good at Pictionary Artificial Intelligence Woah, Google’s AI Is Really Good at Pictionary 2 days This New iPad App Makes Futuristic 3-D Scans of Your Home Apps This New iPad App Makes Futuristic 3-D Scans of Your Home 11.17.16 The EU’s Android Antitrust Complaints Are Contrived WIRED Opinion The EU’s Android Antitrust Complaints Are Contrived 6 hours Snap’s Spectacles Are the Beginning of a Camera-First Future gear Snap’s Spectacles Are the Beginning of a Camera-First Future 7 hours Your Filter Bubble is Destroying Democracy WIRED Opinion Your Filter Bubble is Destroying Democracy 2 days More Stories Skip Comments. Skip to: Footer. View comments Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Business WIRED Opinion The EU’s Android Antitrust Complaints Are Contrived 6 hours Future of News Facebook Shouldn’t Bother Policing Fake News—It Should Go Local Instead 2 days Business Inside Facebook’s First Efforts to Rain Internet from the Sky 11.10.16 WIRED Opinion Your Filter Bubble is Destroying Democracy 2 days social media HeartMob’s Volunteers Crack the Trollish Eggs of Twitter 11.16.16 physics Physicists Uncover Strange Numbers in Particle Collisions 6 hours We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 3 hours Love stinks: bit.ly/2g5dZRH Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 3 hours Love stinks: bit.ly/2g5dZRH Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Engadget Login Home Gear Gaming Culture Entertainment Science Video Reviews Public Access Buyer's Guide Log in Sign up Show More Results Engadget 3 related articles Login LG V20 review: Great for audiophiles, but who else? Samsung Pay on the Gear S3 works with any Android smartphone Google Live cases show trending topics on your Pixels' screens Latest in Gear Ben Heck's reverse-engineered Game Boy Printer 1h ago View GoPro compensates Karma buyers with free Hero5 cameras 6h ago View Amazon Echo now talks you through 60,000 recipes 12h ago View Amazon will let Italians buy Fiat cars with a click 16h ago View Image credit: Reuters/Albert Gea/File Photo save Save share Qualcomm's Snapdragon 835 is its first 10-nanometer chip The company says it conforms to Google's Nougat specs for USB Type-C. Steve Dent , @stevetdent 11.17.16 in Mobile Comments 2005 Shares Share Tweet Share Save Reuters/Albert Gea/File Photo Qualcomm has unveiled its next-gen Snapdragon 835 flagship SoC (system on a chip) and confirmed rumors that it will be built by Samsung using its 10-nanometer FinFET process. Compared to the current 14-nanometer Snapdragon 821 (also built by Samsung), the new processor packs 30 percent more parts into the same space, yielding 27 percent better performance while drawing up to 40 percent less power, the company says. It also improved the design, which will yield "significant" improvements to battery life Other companies, including Intel and TMSC, are working on 10-nanometer chips, but Samsung said it's the first to start building them. Samsung VP Jong Shik Yoon says "this collaboration is an important milestone for our foundry business," and no doubt a shot of good news to distract from Samsung's smartphone problems. Qualcomm expects devices with the first Snapdragon 835 processors, possibly including Samsung's Galaxy S8, to arrive in the first half of 2017. It reportedly has a Snapdragon 830 coming too, but is still mum about that SoC. The new chip comes with Quick Charge 4, which supports 20 percent faster charging than Qualcomm's last-gen tech. That, the company says, will give you up to five hours of extra battery life with just a five minute charge. In just 15 minutes, it'll give Snapdragon 835 phones a half-full battery. The system uses its "INOV" (Intelligent Negotiation for Optimum Voltge) tech, and says the tech is compatible with Google's new guidelines for USB Type-C charging. Google previously said that Qualcomm's Quickcharge 3.0 was not, in effect, compatible with its Nougat specs (above). Mountain View was trying to avoid multiple charge standards that could make it easy to plug the wrong charger into a phone and possibly fry it, or worse, cause a fire or explosion. For instance, OnePlus released a cable that works fine on the OnePlus 2 but can damage other phones or chargers. However, Qualcomm says its system has "advanced safety features for both the adapter and mobile device." It can gauge current, voltage and temperature to safeguard the battery, cables and connectors. "An additional layer of protection is also being added to help prevent battery overcharging and regulate current throughout every charge cycle," its press release notes. The addition of "compatibility with USB Power Delivery" means that it should meet Google's compatibility specs. That's a good thing, as Google said it may take a harder line on future releases. "While this is called out as 'STRONGLY RECOMMENDED.' in future Android versions we might REQUIRE all type-C devices to support full interoperability with standard type-C chargers," its spec says (emphasis theirs). In this article: 10-nanometer, CPU, FinFET, gear, mobile, MobileCPU, Processor, Qualcomm, samsung, Snapdragon835 2005 Shares Share Tweet Share Save Comments Sign In 1h 1h ago in DIY Ben Heck's reverse-engineered Game Boy Printer Not everything goes as planned. By element14,  1h ago save Save share View 2h 7 2h ago in Internet After Math: Are you kidding me? Really, guys? This is how we're gonna play it? Fine. By A. Tarantola,  2h ago save Save share View 3h 3h ago in Green A new supersonic jet, and more in the week that was Also have a look at Jaguar's first electric vehicle. By Inhabitat,  3h ago save Save share View 6h 6h ago in Robots GoPro compensates Karma buyers with free Hero5 cameras You might have had to send your drone in for a recall, but you'll get something for your trouble. By J. Fingas,  6h ago save Save share View 12h 12h ago in Food and Drink Amazon Echo now talks you through 60,000 recipes Allrecipes' Alexa skill helps you cook, even if you're not sure what you want to make. By J. Fingas,  12h ago save Save share View More Stories From around the web About About Engadget About Our Ads Advertise Brand Kit Contact Us RSS Feed Sections Reviews Gear Culture Entertainment Gaming Science Public Access Video Podcasts Deals Contribute Public Access Send us a tip! Support International Español 繁體中文 简体中文 日本版 Deutschland UK Apps Android iPhone iPad Join Our Newsletter Subscribe Follow Us © 2016 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Reprints and Permissions Privacy Policy Terms of Use Trademarks Advertise ear icon eye icon text file
